There's just no men out there, you know?
I mean the problem is that the good ones know they're good. And they know they're in such demand they're just not interested in confining themselves to one person.
Is Jerry one of the good ones?
Well, the mediocre ones are available, but they're so insecure about not being one of the good ones that they're always going, "Well I'm not good enough for you, what are you doing with me?" and eventually I just go, "You're right."
No, maybe I need somebody who has nothing, somebody who just has to appreciate being with me because he's so desperate.
See, I wouldn't really mind so much, but I feel badly for my mother. I mean, if my mother weren't around, it wouldn't be so bad. But, I'm telling you, if I'm not married by the time I'm forty, I'm gonna have to kill her because it's the only fair thing to do. I just couldn't put her through that.
Who says I'm not bitter?
No, you can be young and bitter, just maybe not as bitter as I'm gonna be ten years from now, but I'm bitter. Anyway, don't tell anyone.
Um, order me a piece of cake. I'm gonna go throw up.
First of all, what does he do?
He's not working?! How come he's not working?
Why did he get fired?
Excuse me?
Is he nuts?
What does he look like?
What does he look like?
Fat. Is that what you're saying, that he's fat?
He's bald?
So he will be bald.
Has he ever been married?
Has he been close?
He didn't really try to poison his boss?
He was uncomfortable because it was our first time so he felt he would perform better if we did it in the kitchen. He said the kitchen is always the most sociable room in the house. And he was serious.
How good could it be? My head was on a hot plate.
Oh wait, don't you tell him any of this.
I missed my period.
I am very worried, I am never late.
I know, but these things aren't always foolproof.
What?
Yeah. How'd you know?
So he shows up. He's all out of breath. He's disheveled. And he tells me that no matter what happens, whatever I decide is fine with him and that I could depend on him, and that he would be there to support me in whatever way I need. Elaine, I was speechless.
I said to him, "I really appreciate this, but I just got my period." And so, I asked him to come in, he came in--
Hi.
Best seat in the house. (Looking at George) right next to the kitchen.
(bored) Russell, where's the TV Guide.
(bored, frustrated) Russell, can we eat?
Hello, Abby.
Hi Jerry, nice to finally meet you.
Great, my boyfriend's just parking the car. Actually, Jerry, you
Kenny Bania.
