So Jerry, you came all the way down here for this?
No. thanks, no.
So Jerry, your mother told me you're gonna do one your little comedy skits tomorrow?
No? Listen Morty you wanna settle up for last night? (Morty nods) All right. I owe you 19.45$ (he gets his checks book and a pen from his pocket).
Yeah.
I did NOT have a coke.
So that's 17.10$ and the tax and the tip.
It's 19.45$, Morty. (he gives him the check)
See? You know your father. He can't get a write to the penny, but that's why he was such a good president.
This pen?
This is an astronaut pen. It writes upside down. They use this in space.
Oh it was a gift.
Take the pen.
Go ahead.
Come on, take the pen!
Do me a personal favor!
Take the pen!
Take the pen!
Positive! Take the pen!
Stop it!
Come on!
Excuse me. (to Helen) Doris would like to borrow red your pocketbook to go with her shoes. (to Elaine on the floor) The shoes have to match the pocketbook. (to the others) What's she doing? Yoga?
Morty you gotta hurry up. Get ready.
(to Jerry) What happened to you?
What's there to see underwater?
You what?
Well I mean...
All right! (he smiles and take it)
Whose pen?
This happens to be my pen.
What are you talking about? He pratically begged me for it.
Listen, do you think I take everything everybody offers me? You offered me sponge cake yesterday. Did I take it?
Of course I wanted it! I love sponge cake!
Because I saw the look on your face last week when I took the scotch tape!
Don't worry about it! I'll give it back!
I don't want it!
Listen do you think I give a damn?
(on the microphone) Ladies and gentlemen, as you know, every year, Phase Two of the Pines of Mark Gables honors the previous year president. And this year we are honoring Morty Seinfeld (the crowd applause and someone yells Morty!) A man who slept more hours on the job than Ronald Reagan.
Being president of the condo is not easy. It requires hard work, dedication, and commitment, and unfortunately he possesses none of these qualities. (everyone laugh except Jerry, Helen, and Morty. Even Elaine who's still druggy)
His administration did excel in one department the hiring of incompetents.
But we do owe him a debt of gratitude because by not fixing the crack in the sidewalk, he put Mrs Ziven out of commission for a few weeks. (Morty is now the only one not laughing)
He gave it to me!
I'm not sitting down!
Ow! You broke my dental plate! (Jack is touching his dental plate while Morty reaches in Jack's pocket to get the pen) Doris! He broke my dental plate. You son-of-a-bitch! I'm gonna sue you. (he leaves the table and Morty follows him and continue arguing with him. Jerry now have the microphone in his hands and the crowd begins to think the ceremony is over.)
Ya
Who died?
What boxes?
Alright how the hell do I know?
I thought you're going to Paris
What's in the boxes?
Raincoats? (Doris sighs) You think you're gonna sell those old crappy raincoats? That's garbage.
When do you want these?
Hello Jerry,
It's Jack Klompus.
So when are you coming down to Florida again?
You know I still got that pen, the one that writes upside down.
So uh where's your father?
Morty, listen I can't get into the garage.
There is something wrong with the key. The key doesn't work
Get the hell outta here with your knob.
Hello Jerry, it's Jack Klompus.
Hello Morty, listen that key doesn't work. It's no good.
Oh I got in, I had to break the window with a rock and then I got my hand all cut up reaching in.
You wanted those damn boxes didn't you?
Yea, they'll be there tomorrow afternoon, two o'clock.
W-well it was ten dollars cheaper in the afternoon than the morning, I figured what the hell's the difference.
I gotta fix your window now?
Hey. Hi Cosmo.
(pointing) Hello, Jerry.
Who's car?
Yours?
He what?
(disbelief) You bought it?
Some car.
No, thank you.
I don't wanna take a ride.
I don't feel like taking a ride. Do I have to take a ride?!
(worked up) What d'you think? I've never ridden in a Cadillac before? Believe me, I've ridden in a Cadillac hundreds of times. Thousands.
What? D'you think you're such a big shot now, because you got a Cadillac?
(dismissive) Yaah!
(half to himself) I'll bet you don't.
C'mon Morty, the jig is up!
I'm sorry. I'm sitting here, the whole meeting, holding my tongue. I've known you a long time, Morty, but I cannot hold it in any longer.
I'll tell you what's going on. Morty Seinfeld has been stealing funds from the treasury.
Proof? You want proof? He's driving around in a brand new Cadillac. Now what more proof do you want?
Your son?
Your son could never afford that car. We all saw his act, last year, at the playhouse. He's lucky he can pay his rent!
Where you gonna get a better meal than that?
Danny's? (scoffs) C'mon!
Hello Morty. (looking at watch) Well, missed the early bird.
(pointed) Must be nice to have that kind of money.
Bernie, look who's eating at six o'clock. (pointed) Your suddenly well-to-do president. But, you enjoy your last meal in office. Tomorrow, they kick you out, you'll have plenty of time to drive around in your Cadillac.
That's what you think.
Yes, we will.
What for?
(a whisper to Morty) I can't believe you got that old bag.
So, to what do I owe the pleasure of this, unannounced, visit?
You wanna buy it back? Why, you go drugs hidden in the trunk?
I'm kidding.
Nine thousand for a Cadillac? It's got no miles on it.
You're not me.
The Kelly blue book value. Twenty-two thousand dollars.
Done. But, I get to drive it tomorrow, because Doris wants to go to Naples.
Need a pen?
Still works.
(shouting like there's a bad line) Jerry, I had a little mishap with the car.
I'm down here in alligator alley. You better get down here.
What took you so long?
This thing is a, is a behemoth.
I was, I was making a, a simple lane change. I, I put on the blinker and it took off on me. And the next thing you know, I was submerged. I'm telling you, Jerry, I'm very lucky that those crocs didn't get me.
(shrugging) Do whatever you want. It's your car.
It drove itself into the swamp! Besides, I think I lost my pen, too.
Jerry, it's getting late. You've cleaned up the car. You've made all your phone calls. Why are you still here?
You are uh, thinking of staying here?
(laughing) You've got some nerve. I almost break my neck in that death-trap of yours, and now you ask me for a favour!
I did not.
Excuse me, can I borrow your ketchup?
Thank you.
Elaine, I'm sorry I'm late.
I'm gonna be in the can.
Elaine, that's the second piece of good news today.
(pulling out his Wiz hat) They're bringing me back. Yeah. I'm the Wiz again.
(dancing around) I'm the Wiz! I'm the Wiz!
(dancing around) Oh... here's a fact. Uh, I'm... the Wiz! I'm the Wiz and noooobody beats me!
