(from the stall on Elaine's right) Are you talking to me?
No I'm sorry
No I'm sorry, I can't spare it
no there's not enough to spare
I'm sorry I don't have a square to spare, now if you don't mind
no I don't have a square to spare, I can't spare a square
look, I don't have a square and I don't have a ply (flushing and leaving)
you would not believe what just happened to me in the bathroom
I mean.. a person needs a certain amount of toilet paper to be covered.. I simply could not spare it this woman just didn't get it, she kept harassing me
she wouldn't stop "help me! help me!" she was insane
I don't know what she looks like
what?
well where is your napkin?
well I need mine (looks at her watch) oh god loot at the time, I gotta get to work
I told you already it's very boring you know I think I got a little too much garlic, can I have a piece of gum
oh how does this thing work?
oh come on up
it's Elaine
yeah
ok
hmm
isn't it too much?
smell?
it's so nice to meet you (chewing) I look forward to Saturday night
ok so I'll see you Saturday night
Oh that is too bad, what a shame
well maybe he's feeling better
hello Kramer (he acts all weird, a la Kramer)
Jerry told me so much about you, I feel like I know you intimately
oh I'm going uptown too, you wanna split a cab?
what are you talking about?
well ok I'll see you later,
nice meeting you
hi I thought I'd find you here
Erika? what are you talking about?
what things? What are you talking about?
I sell paper goods you jerk
No, I'm sorry, I can't spare it, there's not enough to spare
Where's the ladies' room (Kramer points her)
oh damn
yeah there's no toilet paper in here, I usually check but would you mind?
Hey, wait a minute, I know you
no, no, no!!!
(walks out of the bathroom, very furious; to Jerry) don't call me anymore
(to Kramer, in a very sensual voice) you either
Me too. I love cough medicine.
What's your favorite?
No.
Are we almost there?
What for?
Can you buy 'em later? I really wanna get some... sun.
(No feeling in her voice) You must've been excited.
I don't think so.
I'm gonna take a dip. (She leaves for beach, Elaine enters with a shady hat on)
I'm thirsty. Anyone want a drink?
It's nothing, George.
What is it with you?
Yeah, I have some things to do.
So what if I did?
I don't know what you're talking about.
(patronizing George) I'm sure it is.
What's happening?
