Elaine? Work?
Who was crying?
(unwrapping a candy bar, placing it on a plate and cutting it with knife and fork) I'm sure it won't, but someone was crying and I want to know who it was.
Elaine, I need you to proofread this report for my meeting with the Poland Creek Bottled Water people.
I told you. I sit on the Board of Trustees for Morgan Springs, and we're trying to acquire Poland Creek.
(pulls away) Are you using a fountain pen?
They smear! Under no circumstances is ink to be used in this office.
Elaine, did I hear... (sees Kramer) Oh, this is very odd.
Yes, I've heard about these. How do they work?
I don't see it.
I still don't see it.
A spaceship, where?
(still staring at picture) How long does it usually take?
Where is it?
I'm looking there!
I am unfocused!
(still staring at picture) Meeting?
Why don't you go for me?
Oh, all they're gonna do is read the report.
Oh, DAMN this thing!
(in polo outfit, complete with jacket and high boots) I didn't send you over there to complain about the name.
I like the name "Moland". I picked it out. After all those months of negotiating!
Well, I'm going riding. I haven't been on Jenny for three days, all because of this blasted painting. (phone rings) Elaine?
(walks by 3-D poster, stops) Wait a minute! Wait a minute. Ah!
(staring at 3-D poster) I think I'm on to something!
You said keep your eyes out of focus, which is misleading. You want DEEP focus!
I see something that could be a spaceship. Is it round? Is it pointy?
Hmm, what's happened to me? (straightens lapels) When's the meeting?
Oh! (puts finger to face, smearing ink on his upper lip which now resembles an "Adolph Hitler"-style moustache) Do I have time to change?
Well, excuse me, I'd better get straight over there.
Yes?
(sees Elaine's hands covered in ink) Is that ink?
I have been accused of wrong-doing. But these false accusations will not deter us. We WILL annex Poland by the Spring, at any cost! AND... our stock will rise HIGH! (raises hand)
Elaine?
Have you gotten all the salt off those pretzels yet?
What in blazes are you listening to?
Elaine! How did you know that?
Could you identify the next song? Could you? Could you?
My father was a stern man. He forbad us to participate in any activities that he thought were associated with the common man. The Thanksgiving Day Parade was first on the list.
Well, Elaine? Do you know it? What song is it?
I'm sorry!
Goody! Yes! Yes! Yes! (Dances back and forth, elated) Next Stop Pottersville, Next Stop Pottersville! You are a genius!
(concerned) Elaine, are you having a party?
(stern) Because there's to be no entertaining while I'm gone.
I need to know what's in the mail.
(resolute) Well, you better catch the later show, because I need to know what's in the mail.
(piqued interest) Oh, who's on the cover?
