Sweetheart, hello.
Welcome (shakes Jerry's hand)
Don't fill up on the bread. I'm making you a very special dinner. Very special. (he leaves)
Ah, Jerry! Tonight you in for a real treat. I'm personnaly going to prepare the dinner for you and my Audrey.
Here it is.
(to Jerry) Well?
I'm Poppie.
What's the problem?
Hello! Jerry, so good to see you again! (Puts his hand out.)
Let me show you to your table. (Leads Jerry and Elaine to the table.) Your duck is cooking as we speak. It is so succulent...so succulent!
Your friend and I are going to make a lot of money. Of course, I already have a lot of money. Poppie does very well...very well.
My mother...was taken from my house by the Communists in the middle of the night when I was ten years old. She was sent to a slave labor camp, where she labored for twelve years. Finally, they released her and she was on a boat to America to re-unite with us...but she was served some bad fish, and she died...on the high seas.
Yes, Jerry. I just checked your duck...it is more succulent than even I had hoped.
When my mother was abducted by the Communists, she was with child...
...but the Communists, they put an end to that! So, on this issue there is no debate! And no intelligent person can think differently.
And what gives you the right to do that?
You're not welcome!
What's this? A bottle of wine and a five-alarm chili? They're trying to kill Poppie?!
Don't they know I have a gastro-intestinal disorder? If I would have any of this, I would die. Then Poppie's no good to anyone! This is a sick, sick joke on Poppie. How could you be friends with those two?
They owe me for those ducks. They were flown in from Newfoundland.
Oh, very good ducks.
Hello.
That's fine. If you just give me my duck money, I'll be on my way.
No.
Kramer, did I ever tell you about my mother? My mother -
The what? (Looks at Kramer, and exits.)
Use your wrist! It's all in the wrist. (Kramer tosses the dough way up there.) Not too high!
Not too much!
Wait a second...what is that?
No, no. You can't put cucumbers on a pizza.
That's not a pizza. It'll taste terrible.
Yes, but we cannot give the people the right to choose any topping they want! Now on this issue there can be no debate!
Because it's a pizza!
It's a pizza the moment you put your fists in the dough!
Yes, it is!
Oh, hello, Jerry.
Visiting my friend.
Oh, much better, much better. The doctors say I cannot have no aggravation.
So, I sell the restaurant, uh? I just take it easy. See, if I get excited, 'ats aggravated my condition. The last time I got aggravated, was in the restaurant. With your friend.
She start the big fight, about abortion.
It's you! It's you!
You! I... I gotta sit down!
