Thank you. [they hug]
Wait a minute.  [looks at the bag in Michael's hand] Is that another birthday present for me cause you already gave me a necklace.
Tell her how you gave it to me.
He put it around my neck while I was still asleep this morning.  What a nice way to wake up.
So, Pammy-- are you still liking sales?
Well, you know-- Michael and I were-- talking, and maybe if you put a little more face to face time with your clients you could improve your sales.
[sees table decorated with a banner and balloons] Oh my God!
Well, thank you.  All of you.
Oh you'll love it.  You can have my guide books.  I think I'm done with those really long plane rides.
[laughs] Sticking with 49.
Well, as long as you're running numbers Pam, then help me out with this one.  Let's see your six months pregnant, but you've only been married for 30 days, so what does that add up to?
No.  I'm 58.
Uh huh.
Oh, well I like Nana, but I also like the classic Grandma.
Oh, Michael what do you think?  Grandma?
Oh, oh no.  I don't think so.
Oh no, I think a triathlon is pretty much something I can rule out.  It just-- doesn't interest me.
Hmm... I might have done it when I was younger, but now there's just other things I'd rather be doing, instead of running and jumping and swimming--
Oh--
No, no... [laughs]
You want to go snowboarding?
Michael, what are you talking about?
I'm sure I won't.
Gimme.  Look at this wrapping paper.  It's got the word love on it in every language.
[opens present, reads inscription] A scrapbook of our first memories by Michael Gary Scott.  For my girlfriend Helene on your birthday.  [laughs]
Ok, there's a penny.  What's that from?
It was from the wishing well at the mall.  You threw it in.  I went back later, waded in and I found it.
[looking through the book]  A poem!
[reading]  I can not go to school today said little Peggy Ann McKay...
Um-- I have the measles and the mumps, a gash, a rash and purple bumps. And my teachers really mean-- Happy Birthday , I love you Helene.
I think it's wonderful, absolutely wonderful.
[hugging book] God... it's a scrapbook.
Oh, I know.  I love how they use butter cream frosting.
Hmmm?
I, um-- I got it.
I'm 58.  What am I supposed to do now?
Well, it was an adventure and a half trying to find the cafeteria, but I have returned with the coffee.
Ooh, somebody has a full diaper.
Hello, Michael.
I'm, uh...  You know I think, uh, I think it's time for me to go.
Love you.
Michael?
It'll go away in time just don't touch it.
What did you think we were?
I think for you to have come here even expecting that we can have a conversation like this show's ho-how self deluded you are! Michael, your memory has failed you greatly.
[holding the baby, walks up to Jim] Hi, honey. I was just changing the baby.
[on speaker phone] Hi, honey, it's mom. Look, Cece's school just called. She still has lice.
Now, don't worry, don't worry. I'm on my way to pick her up, but you might have lice too. You know, lice can be tricky. Sometimes lice, like...[Pam hangs up phone]
