Wait a minute, who is it? Who's there? Is there somebody in the room with you? [Michael gesturing 'no'] I want to see who it is. Turn me around.
Turn me around. Now. [Michael starts to leave, Jo whistles] Hey, Buddy. Is it something I said?
Oh, hello, Mr. Scott. Pleased to meet you.
Aw, thank you. I've been working on it since I was a little girl. To, um, to what do I owe the pleasure of this videochat?
Pardon. Pardon me, Mr. Scott, but the last time I saw a company as mismanaged as Dunder Mifflin, it was my grandson's snowball company, so you'll excuse me if I prefer that you all adapt to the way that we do things.
So listen, why don't you tell Gabe if by the end of the day you can't handle the changes.
I would take until the end of the day if I were you. [Michael leaves conference room]
Oh, that's Mrs. Bennett, sweetheart. My husband and I are divorced, but I kept the 'Mrs.' just to piss off the new wife. Well, let's take a gander around this place.
They love a good crotch.
You should take that as a compliment!
[to Dwight] Hello.
Do you always stay seated when a lady enters the room?
I like that.
Good-looking group.
Another couple of heartbreakers. Who is this tall drink of sun tea?
[gesturing to Michael] I thought this guy was the manager?
Two guys doing one job? We gotta do something about that!
Yeah. I think I understand.
Each of you is doing half a job.
This is knucklehead talk. I'm not gonna bite it, you know. You can't give me gravy and tell me it's jelly, because gravy ain't sweet! Is it, Jim?
Michael?
I think one of you should return to sales, and the other one be manager.
Well, I'm gonna let this marinate. So you can go.
You can go on. Shoo!
I'm Jolene Bennett, Jo for short. I'm a breast cancer survivor, close, personal friends with Nancy Pelosi, and Truman Capote and I slept with three of the same guys. When I was a little girl, I was terrified to fly, and now I have my own pilot's license. I am CEO of Sabre International, and I sell the best damn printers and all-in-one machines Korea can make. Pleased to meet you.
Hey!
[to Angela, who's having a hard time deciding on a chair] Just choosing seats, not getting married. Chop, chop little onion!
That's right, darlin', now you're the proud new owner of a Sabre handbook and my autobiography. Now, you all must be in a tizzy. I can see it on your faces, I mean, what's going on now? I mean, who owns Dunder Mifflin? Right? I mean, Sabre? What's that? Some company I've never heard of? Down in Tallahassee? Where is that? Near Mars?
Now Dunder Mifflin has an arm's reach in all these small businesses all over the northeast. Now we're gonna take that arm, and we're gonna start selling printers.
They're the easiest-to-use printers on the market.
I think that's it. So we're all good! [many employees raise their hands] Thanks ya'll.
Oh, speak of the devil. We were just talking about you. Have a seat!
Now Jim here is thinking about taking himself out of the running for being manager.
Really?
Well, I think you're both being a little too modest.
You know, Michael, you have more experience in sales and management, so I'm gonna defer to your judgment.
I think you [to Michael] will become the salesman, and congratulations! [to Jim] You're gonna be the new manager of this branch!
You two are grown-ass men. What do I have to do, fire you and get two people in here who don't need so much management?
Fine. I don't care which one of you does which job, just stop meeting with me to talk about it.
[cell phone rings] Oh, I gotta take this. Yep. Uh, finish walking my dogs for me. And don't ride 'em. Lotta people try to ride 'em.
Oh, I love this, so much fun! There's such team spirit in this room! 'Morning Darling!
Well, this is my last day at the Scranton branch for a while. But I'm leaving it in the very capable hands of some of the loveliest people I've ever had the pleasure of knowing. Oh I'm gonna miss this place. And the snow! Hoo, my dogs love peeing in that snow! Makes me think they're onto something.
Oh good morning sweetheart.
I'm sorry but is that a gift I see in your hands?
[pulls out glass cube with coal.] Is that a lump of coal?
Have I been that naughty?
Err, thank you very much. We, we don't get to see much coal in Tallahassee, I'm used to alligators, and some of the worst Chinese food you've ever tasted.
Well, if you ever get down in my neck of the woods, you got a place to stay.
Now, after all the talking I've been doing. It's your turn. This is a town hall meeting. I want to hear what you all sound like.
Thank you. You know I get way too many ideas from the top. Now I want to hear your ideas. I mean, did you guys know that Liquid Paper? That wasn't invented by some fancy engineer. No, that was created by a lowly typist.
You know it doesn't have to be an invention.
I am so proud of Sabre's 'Print In All Colors' initiative. Any Sabre employee of color, is welcome to apply. [Kelly applauds]  Daryl?
Okay hush now.
But you wouldn't need more trucks?
Oh look at you.
[Looks over his proposal] I like this Daryl. I like this a lot. Maybe you should be doing your sketching upstairs. Would you like an office up here?
Yeah. Take Jim's old office.
Yeah, I want to hear more from you.
All right.
Okay. Any questions? Anything on anybody's mind? I'm leaving tonight, this is your last chance for a while!
Yes, well okay. Florida ain't that far away.
Well, anytime now.
Oh honey you didn't buy a ticket?
Oh honey. I'm not home, very often. And uh, me and my relatives, they take up the guesthouse. I think you should check with my office, before you book any dates, okay?
Enough!
No, that's very generous of you, but I'm all set.
Yes it is.
How many knocks does it take to get you to do some work?
Oh no no no!  Are you feeling ill?
Oh no honey, if you got a bug, I want you to go on home. I can't have you getting Callie and Jo Jr. sick. These dogs have got to be in a commercial with Dwight Howard next week.
Yeah, but you sound like death, girl. Now why don't you go on home and take care of yourself and get in bed. And shred that and have them send me a clean fax, okay?
Yes?
Oh! You're sick! [Andy coughs] Dangit! That's exactly why I sent that receptionist home.
Get everybody sick in the office.
We don't need any heroes here honey. It's time for you to get on home now.
You'll probably feel better once you get some pants on. Come on.
Hey there.
Well there's chatting time and there's working time. I'm still on working time.
Well, if you feel like you've done a solid days work...
Well I mean, if you can put your name on this day, and be proud of the amount of work you've done, then, by all means, you should toodle on home.
Anything else I can help you with?
Oh, you don't become the most powerful woman in Tallahassee by slacking off. [Scoffs] You do it by working hard. Or marrying rich. I did both!
Hello?
Well sure. You know, you go ahead and push some printers.
Okay.
Sorry Sugar. What'd you want?
Thank you.
Overnight all my damn bags home. I'm carrying nothing but my Sable gloves.  I've had it with Homeland Security. And I want you to put all those tracking numbers in my Blackberry.
Anything I can do for you Puddin'?
Hmm.
All right then.
Michael?
I look forward to that too.
Howdy. I hope I'm not interrupting anything.
Course you all, no doubt, know why I'm here.
Turns out our printers are famous. They're all over the news. It's an interesting story. Cheap foreign printers attacking innocent Americans. Well, actually the, the real story isn't quite as racy, but uh... let's give it a go.
I'm not sure you do, teddy bear.
Not long ago, we discovered a defect in one of our printers, so we got a software patch and fixed it right up, just like that. I don't know how it works. But just as we were about to send out a letter to our affected customers, giving 'em free toner, and we keep 'em, happy, but somebody here, they liked that first story better. The one where we lose half our clients for no damn good reason! Whoever it was who talked to the press, they should come forward, please.
Can you now?
[as Gabe hands out forms to everyone] It's a little form, says 'I did not do it.'
All that's just birthday information, Michael.
Why don't you come with me? We'll start out with the honcho, what'cha say?
When Mama was working as a prison guard and something went missing, she'd ask one question: What do we do when we find the guilty party? And if they said, 'Come down on him with that swift hammer of justice!', innocent. A clear conscience don't need no mercy. But if they said 'Officer Bessie, well they may have had a reason, blah blah blah blah', well nine times out of ten, that's the anus they'd check.
So say we catch this whistleblower, what do you think I should do with him?
Uh, that's, uh, Guantanamo Bay.
Well, I guess we're all right, Michael.
Yeah.
Okay Dwight.
Well, I'm inclined to believe you.
Yeah, I noticed you've had a great year. Good boy... you turning that money into more money?
I don't like to tell a man what to do with his money, but if you ain't investing in property, then you're dumber than a dummy.
Well, buy property. That's my advice.
Sounds like you were as blindsided by this as I was.
And we didn't find anything on your computer.
Except this. [hands stack of paper to Toby]
I know what it is. I skimmed the first chapter. I'm just curious, why would a man who hates people want to have a relationship with a maid?
The way I look at it, there's only one of two reasons. He knows a secret about her that she doesn't know herself, or he wants to use her services to mop up after a murder.
Michael.
Michael Scott... what do you know?
If it doesn't matter, then tell me.
Because I want to deal with it the way I deal with it.
Empathize with me for a moment. I came up here with a big problem, and now I got a branch manager who's giving me the silent treatment... Speak to me... speak. [Jo's dog barks] Come with me.
Hahahahahaha.
Michael.
Let's just talk.
Honey, you don't seem like your normal self.
Mama Jo knew there was something up.
Oh, I hate that.
Who's Holly?
When I was growing up, there was nothing better than being a big old business tycoon. And I thought I'd break that glass ceiling and be a hero to all those little girls out there... and they'd make a Barbie out of me.
I, did I sell cheap printers? I do. But if I have to go out there in front of the press and make one of them public apology recalls, I mean, it's all I'll ever be remembered for. Nobody will want to play with my Barbie.
Oh honey, surely you don't want that.
Hey, I appreciate you reading that statement. You looked pretty up there.
I hope your rough patch ends soon.
Well, give me a shout if I can brighten your life.
Let me see what I can do.
Why is this my problem, Michael?
Lower yourself, Gabe. I don't wanna be having a conversation with your crotch. Ok, educate me now why you won't fire the boy.
Which are?
Oh, God. How far has it gone?
Well, I got a nephew too. But he don't work for me. You know why? Cause he's a screw-up. He can swim in my pool but he can't come in my house.
If you keep him, Michael, I'm gonna hold you accountable for him. You're on the hook for this kid. You got that? Cover his ass like tighty-whities.
Was how I put it not clear enough? I mean, you had to go and make up your own saying? Deal with it, boys.
The moment Darla put the cupcake in her mouth, her daddy pulled her aside and said, 'You're Too Fat. No one's gonna like you if you're too fat.' The next time I saw David Geffen was at the buffalo club. 'I love you, you Gay Bastard,' I said. 'You Gay Bastard,' I s--. 'Gay Ba--' 'Gay B--''
[Jim's edited version of her book on tape]: Now listen here, Gabe, you're too fat. No one's gonna like you if you're too fat. I made some changes to my book. See if you like them.
Now, I love reading, and I hate being interrupted. Shut up and listen, you gay bastard. Chapter One. I was born, not into luxary, nor poverty. [Gabe looks through Jo's book] But into adversity, and for that, I thank the Lord. My Father was a man. That's all we can know.  After I learned to ride a bike, there was no stopping me. I would ride up Magnolia Stree and down Azalea Lane. Which would later become my--
I've always been a fighter. And Fate has obliged me with plenty of battles, the first being a hard--
[Michael dressed as Jo Bennett, using a bad Southern accent] DeAngelo! We're in serious horse manure here! The Dundies are tonight! And we ain't got no host!
Luckily I have someone for you!
Better.
He's in Little Shop of Horrors on Broadway. Now we need Michael Scott! The best darn Dundies host on both sides of the Mississippi! [everyone in the audience is laughing]
Hey, all! Cornelius, Bobo, have at it. Nobody let my dogs hump each other. They don't seem to know they're brothers.
Slow yourself down there. Just like a man. Wants to jump right into it while I still got my socks on. Jim Halpert - the only man that ever turned me down.
Well, some pretty big shoes to fill. I was sorry to hear about Deangelo. He was a good man. Tragic. [Jim coughs]
Dwight! Walk me out. Let's talk soon. And stay on top of these people. You gotta admit it - it's nice to have a little power, eh? How's it feel?
What?!
Shooting is worse! Are you kidding me? It's not even in the same - you shot a gun? What is wrong with you?
Beaumont-Adams is a girl's gun. That just makes it plain stupid.
Who else would be responsible?
Oh, stop asking yourself easy questions so you can look like a genius.
I love you, Dwight. But you don't fit this job.
No, child. No. It's over. Now I gotta find a replacement for my replacement.
You three are my search committee. You're in charge of finding me my next manager. All righty?
Till then, we need a new acting manager. Now, who's got the most experience in this office?
Who is it?
[walks in with her dogs] Gabe, honey! Oh, lord. Take all this. [gives the dog leashes and multiple bags to Gabe]
Here. Jim! Did you hear Stern this morning?
Ohh, Robin was good. She's always good. Keeps him on his toes. Its Howard's show though. [picks up resume from Jim's desk] Whose is this? Darryl Philbin. Ohh. Very nice to see a familiar face on top. Ah... a little long aren't we? Four pages? Is this the same Darryl Philbin who's had two jobs in ten years at one company?
Coordinated and implemented receipt storage and delivery of over 2.5 billion units of inventory. 2.5 billion, Darryl? 2.5 billion units of what?
Paper material?
Or what? You gonna shoot me?
I'll interview you right now.
Question 1. Ever shot a gun in the office?
Yeah, but see... it's not.
Okay.
Welcome to Scranton, Jo. Land of a thousand problems only you can fix. [Jo's phone starts vibrating, she picks it up and sees Dwight has texted her 'Dwight's ability as a manager has lead him to higher levels of proffesional success,'] Oh for god's sake. He's texting me his resume one line at a time. These are costing me ten cents a piece, you jackass! I'm roaming!
Huh?
No, send him in. [to Search Committee] Who is this?
I want to talk to Dwight Schrute for a second. I want to ask him a question. [Gabe gets up to leave] If he isn't here in sixty seconds...
Let's just say I had hired this Jack Souvenir. Then what?
All that for this job.
That's f***ing crazy. [Jo and Dwight both smile] Get outta here. [Dwight leaves] What a nutjob.
Okay, it's fun to talk about the rejects, but uh, who's got ya excited?
Who's this fella? Went to Cornell. What's wrong with him?
And that's your unbiased opinion.
So it's not relevant that he took the receptionist away from you?
Gabe...ugh... you got all close to these people. Got involved in their lives. Let's get you back to Florida. We'll figure out something for you.
It's not. Let's get Kelly in here to take his place.
Cause Gabe's tall and weak. She's short and strong. I'm doing an opposites thing.
How'd my girl Nellie do?
She didn't mention it?
Integrity move. I like it.
Well, I'm not saying you must hire her. If you find someone who's clearly a fit, then fine. Just make sure they fit real good. No more manager turnover. Don't mess this up, Jim. And give Dwight an interview. I like a little bit of crazy.
