Uh, Matt is on a delivery. Just leave it here, I'll take it.
Matt's a pretty good-looking dude, don't you think?
The Sabre shipping method could be more efficient. Combining inventory systems makes sense on paper, but printers and paper ship differently. It'll be faster to deliver them separately, instead of waiting on everything to come in.
Not at all. There's a way that it can be scheduled. I sketched this out downstairs.
Are you serious?
Absolutely.
Thank you.
[singing] Moving on up, to the East Side, to the deluxe apartment in the sky...
Not bad, huh?
I impressed her with my good ideas.
I made a suggestion at the meeting that was good. You were there.
Now Mike, I have to ask you to leave, so that I can learn about this tiny television.
Hey! What are you fellas doing up here?
I wish, but uh-
Oh. Yeah, um, I must have did that when I was in the bathroom.  All right then, uh, let me get to it.
[to Andy] Take a shot.
Wow, so much Asia stuff. I wonder if there's a guy in China right now, looking at a bunch of our stuff.
Andy look, all I know is that if I was a girl, and I had to choose between the tall dude who loved Asia, and the you looking dude who loves sweaters and wearing sweaters... I'd choose you.
And I'd blow your mind.
[Michael walks into disarray of people's reactions to the TV going out] Where you been?
Cable's out.
Look, this is a marketing campgain. You got nine days. Let's say you do get the money. What are you going to do with it?
Is it any particular branch of Washington University?
W.U.P.H.F.
They only want it for the initials.
Yeah, sell!
If everybody wants to sell, we sell, right?
[opens the door the Ryan's office, grabs him by the shirt, pulls him out of his chair] Consider it a WUPHF in person. [shoves Ryan down to a chair]
You got this crazy opportunity to get our money back. Tell Mike To Sell.
It's not that we don't believe in the company, We don't believe in you.
What is wrong with you? What happened to you in High School?
I gave up a lot of weekends because I thought it'd be good for my daughter to see a black man as president. Even in a silly home movie. What a stupid waste of time.
So this new computer you found in the warehouse.
Yeah, you really did. 'Cause I know every INCH of that warehouse.
Maybe you could go back down there and see if you can find me some extra sick days.
Really? 'Cause I think maybe I saw five.
