Alright, was there anything you wanted to add to the agenda?
What? I'm sorry?
Well, I faxed one over to you this morning.
Do you want to look at mine?
OK. Since the last meeting, Ellen and the board have decided we can't justify a Scranton branch and a Stamford branch.
Michael, don't panic.
No, no, no, Michael, listen OK. Don't panic. We haven't made... We haven't decided.
I've spoken to Josh in Stamford. I've told him the same as you and it's up to either him or you to convince me that your branch can incorporate the other.
This does, however, mean that there is going to be downsizing.
Go ahead.
So do you think we could keep a lid on this for now? I don't want to worry people unnecessarily.
So, which health plan have you decided on?
Wait, acupuncture? None of the plans have acupuncture. Have you looked at them closely Michael?
The Gold Plan? I'm not even on that plan.
Michael.
You know the whole reason that we're doing this, is to save money. So you just need to pick a provider and choose the cheapest plan.
It's your job. So...
Michael... maybe... I mean...
Sometimes a manager, like yourself, has to deliver the bad news to the employees. I do it all the time.
I'm doing it right now. To you.
Hello?
This is Jan.
Who is this?
From sales?
Where's Michael Scott?
Dwight, listen to me very carefully. You are not a manager of anything. Understand?
Really?
OK, when Michael gets back, you tell him to call me immediately.
No. Please don't use my cell phone ever again.
Are you listening to me Michael?
What did I just say?
Alan and I have created an incentive program to increase sales.
I'm not going to do that Michael.
We've created an incentive program to increase sales.
At the end of the month you can reward your top seller with a prize worth up to a thousand dollars.
Uh, yes. Yes you can.
No, Michael. No. You can't win this prize.
[on speaker phone] It's a, it's, it's a two and a half hour drive from New York, Michael.
No.
No, we don't approve of this Michael. I mean, y-you only had the budget for one office party a year, so... we're not paying for this.
Are you there Michael?
Really? I'm dropping an atomic bomb on you?
You already had a party on May 5th for no reason.
And you had a luau....
And a tsunami relief fundraiser which somehow lost a lot of money.
Okay, well, I don't understand why anyone would have a tsunami FUN raiser, Michael. I mean, that doesn't even make sense.
[to cell phone] Yes. Yes, I did. Okay. Well, we can talk about that later then. [to Pam] Hi.
You seem a little bit agitated, Michael. What's the problem?
Well, that... that's true in a way. You can't say anything.
Do you need to see the video again, Michael?
Michael. MICHAEL!
Michael, please.
Mike... Michael. Please. I... I... really.
That's not my sense of humor.
Wha...
[to Albiny] 'Scuse me, I'm sorry. [to Michael] Michael. Mr. O'Malley is your lawyer.
Mr. O'Malley is our Corporate lawyer. We have him on retainer. To protect the company as well as upper level management, such as yourself.
[on the phone] This is Jan.
Excuse me?
Devon. The... Oh, is this the man that you...
The person that you fired, Michael?
Is that what you're... Okay. Oh, you sound a little... A little upset.
Well, I have to say that I am impressed, Michael. I know... I know how hard that was.
Well, I'm glad you did it, Michael.
And so, good job. Good job.
Yeah. Good job.
[talking over Michael] Yup. Yes.
This is a projection of the county's needs...
Thirteen schools, uh, two hospitals...
So when we get to the Radisson, I'd like to, um-
Excuse me?
You had no right to do that, Michael.
It said that.
Alright.  But you will let me run this meeting.
What?
Thank you.
Michael, shouldn't take more than an hour.
Do you always shut down the entire office when you leave for an hour?
So which way is Chili's?
Oh, no, that's alright.  I wanna leave straight from there.
I know Scranton.
Alright.
If it's a couple blocks away-
Ok.
Why would we need a signal?
What kinda trouble are you planning on getting in, Michael?
You're gonna let me do the talking, we agreed on that.
Just Jan Levinson.
No. [To Christian] Thank you very much for meeting with us.  Have you been waiting long?
Michael.
Michael, we got divorced, ok? [to Christian] I'm so sorry.  Excuse me.
Michael. [to hostess] Uh, could we have a table for three, please?
We're in a meeting.
Christian.
I thought we could start by going over the needs of the county.
What?
So-
If you have a-
Christian, you don't have to listen to this.
Just the one.
[to waitress]  Excuse me, could I have a vodka tonic, please?
We would probably be upset with ourselves if we went this whole night without talking business, so, Dunder-Mifflin can provide a level of personal service to the county that the warehouse chains just can't match.
What's the bottom line?
I don't think Christian has time for that.
Oh no, Michael, Michael, please.  No, really.
We'd been fighting for a while-
He didn't want kids, but I knew that going into it.  But he also knew that I did.  I guess I thought that he would change his mind; he thought that I would change mine.
I was stupid.
Uh- [Michael signals for her to shh]
Bye... thanks. [pumps fist] Yes!
We got it!
I am really- [Michael kisses Jan] Thrilled. [Michael and Jan kiss again] Let's go.
Let's go.
I'm almost there, so we should have plenty of time to go over the presentation.
And, uh, hmm, excuse me, I've also confirmed the meeting this afternoon at four p.m.
What?
What do you mean?
Michael.  I need you to take this seriously.
Michael-
Are you hearing me?
This is a very important-
[sighs] I'll see you in ten minutes.
Michael.
I am returning your many calls.
No. No, we won't be discussing that, Michael.  The only things I wanna talk about during your performance review are your concrete ideas to improve your branch.
Uh, your review is anything but a formality, Michael.
I expect you to forget anything that you think may have happened between us and exhibit completely professional behavior.
Ok, that is an example of completely unprofessional behavior.
Michael.
Are the cameras with you...
...in your office?
[on phone]  We'll address this in the meeting then. Ok. Ok, bye-bye. [to Pam]  Could you please tell Michael that I'm here?
I'm good; how are you?
Nice to see you.
Can we please go in your office?
Thank you.
Nice to see you too, Michael.
Not like that.
You know Michael, I think I need to make something clear right off the top.  I'm not going to discuss anything with you other than Dunder-Mifflin business.
Period.
Do we understand each other.
So are you still in the middle of the performance reviews then?
No.
Fine.
How is that a business question?
Please don't smell me, Michael.
Uh, I'd like to sit in on that meeting [to Pam] is it happening right now?
Great.  Very good.
That sounds serious, Michael.
I can't, I can't-
Please sit down.
You're gonna sit here and I'm gonna go sit over there.
Please, sit yourself down.
What, Michael.
Because nothing did, Michael.  It, I'm not going to say anything more about it, and I would advise that you do the same
No, Dwight; come in.
Is this how you've been conducting all the reviews, Michael?
That's a serious offense!
Oh! Michael, for God sakes!
No.
Ok! Here's what I'm gonna do: I'm gonna step outside, collect my thoughts, and I will return in about ten minutes.
[Dwight opens door] Thank you, Dwight.
Look, I know it's your job, I know you have to ask, but I promise you, I'm not gonna discuss it with him, I'm certainly not gonna discuss it with you.  [digs a cigarette out of her purse] Do you have a light?
I'm heading back to New York; Alan and I will conduct your performance review over the phone tomorrow.
K?
Michael, now is not the time or the place.
No, I am saying we are never having this conversation.
Never, for me, always means 'never ever ever.'
Michael, it has nothing-
With your looks, ok?  It's your personality.  I mean, you're obnoxious, and rude, and, and, and stupid, and you do have coffee breath, by the way, and, and I don't agree about the b.o., but you are very, very inconsiderate.
Really.  You're, you're, you're a great guy, ok?
And you were very sweet, and you stayed up with me and talked with me, cried with me, and I appreciate that-
At this time in my life.  I just am not in the place right now where I'm looking for a relationship, so we can still work together, we can still be friends but... ok?
Ohhh, God.
I am not going to discuss anything with you other than Dunder Mifflin business.
Period.
Do we understand each other?
Okay, let me make something clear. As embarrassing as this is, I feel that it needs to be said. There is nothing romantic or sexual going on with Michael and myself.
The other night, I gave him a polite congratulatory kiss because he just closed the biggest deal of his career. And that's it. If anything else has been implied, Dwight, or inferred, Michael, Creed, it's just not true, okay? It's not true. So... Is everyone straight on that?
Never for me always means never, ever, ever.
What?
What did you say, Michael?
Did you call my ex?
Gould, you said, Gould.
How dare you, Michael? My personal life is off-limits to you.
Okay, how dare you do that?
Why would he do that? Why would he call you, Michael? Why would my husband call you?
I mean...
Hello, Michael.
Can we come in?
Thank you very much.
Brenda.
Oh, really? A surprise visit from his boss?
A booze cruise? What do you mean?
Michael, we discussed the IRS's regulations.
Okay, this event has to have legitimate business content to be tax deductible.
We discussed that.
Good. This is Brenda Matlow from corporate training.
I thought she could attend tonight, and if your event is appropriate, you could give it to other branches.
Brenda.
Okay, you know, I'm gonna go now, and...
Good luck, Brenda.
Okay, see you later. And try to be professional.
No, that's all right.
You call me if you need anything, Brenda.
So, I'm happy to be here.  It's very nice to see all of you. You're all looking well.
Women today, though we have the same options as men, we often face a very different set of obstacles in getting there. So...
Michael... I thought we agreed you wouldn't be here.
What are you doing?
Michael.
Michael.
You are not allowed in this session.
Now you're really not allowed in this session.
I'm your boss.
We're fine, Michael. We just need you to leave, please.
Ladies, I am so, so sorry. Can we start again? We were on such a roll. I... I... really apologize.
Yes, Pam?
Michael!
[in the background] So one obstacle is how assertiveness is perceived differently in men and women. Men who are assertive will be admired. They're called... anyone?
I don't know what you're doing here, Michael,
... but it's very destructive.
Can you please do this somewhere else, Michael?
Dwight, excellent idea. Go to the warehouse.
I'm so sorry about that... um... so where were we? Pam, are you okay taking notes then?
Please? Thank you. very much.
Why don't we go around the table and all say something that we know we're good at. I will start. I am good at public speaking.
Great. Phyllis?
No. Okay. Stop. Go on...
That is an excellent goal.
Great! Uh-huh?
Well, I'll be honest. One of the goals of these women seminars is to feel out if there's any standouts. Women who could be a valuable addition to our Corporate life.
Great, great. And Pam, what about you? What is your dream?
You know the company is offering a design training program in New York.
Well, it's only on weekends and then a few weeks in New York, but I'm sure that I could ask Corporate to help you out.
There are always a million reasons not to do something.
All right. Let's talk about clothing.
Dress for the job you want, not the job you have. All right. You can use your clothing to send a message about your ambitions by wearing clothes that reflect what you aspire to be.
Another issue is inequality of pay between men and women. I'm sure that all of you have felt that before...
What? A union! What...
I'm not...
The cons are that everyone will lose their job. Michael. Everyone. Office, Warehouse. What do you think... the... pros... are... here?
You got yourself into this Michael, so you get yourself out.
That's too bad.
I don't want to...
Michael! Michael! Michael!
Michael.
Don't say another word.
Get yourself down stairs.
Sports metaphors are one of the ways women feel left out of the language of the office. Now, I know this might sound silly but a ... many women ask to go over it. So... Fumble means...
Right. Par for the course is a golf term. It means right on track. Below par means worse. Wait... that should mean better, that doesn't make sense.
Excuse me?
I don't know what Michael was talking about. I don't know.
[in the background] Kelly, I don't know what Michael's talking about.
I'm divorced.
It was. Yes.
I think you should all spend a little more time thinking about your careers and less time on personal stuff.
Okay. Let's take five. I think we can all use five.
Did you take care of the situation?
Excuse me.
Excuse me. I've been told there's been some interest in forming a Union and that Michael supported it. Obviously he's not a friend of yours because he didn't tell you the facts. So let me. If there is even a whiff of unionizing in this branch, I can guarantee you the branch will be shut down like that [snaps her fingers]. They unionized in Pittsfield and we all know what happened in Pittsfield. It will cost each of you a fortune in legal fees and union dues and that will be nothing compared to the cost of losing your jobs. So I would think long and hard before sacrificing your savings and your futures just to send a message. If you have any further questions you can direct them to... to Michael.
Josh Porter, Stamford.
And Michael Scott, Scranton.
Fine Michael. Thank you.
Nervous, no I'm not nervous. Well, I guess I'd be lying if I didn't say I was a little nervous. Umm, the new CFO is judging me on this too, and well, it is Michael, so. Yeah, I'm very nervous.
OK. [looks toward Craig] Craig,
Um, I'm sorry, what did you think financial presentation meant?
Craig, you realize that we're trying to decide whether if drastic steps need to be taken?
Well, the point is, is that doesn't exactly bode well for your branch.
NO, NO I'm not, I'm not, I just... I just don't know what to do anymore, Michael. I mean, we're all gonna get fired.
Yeah, Michael - the CFO thinks that we slept together. Do you understand, people get fired for much less? And I just [scratches head] can't believe that you told everybody and we didn't even sleep together.
Oh, God. Michael. It was months ago. It was once, It's over. Do you understand?
Surely, you cannot be serious?
Uh, that's fine. Let's just forget it.
Oh, Michael. Thank you again for that, really. It was very nice.
Oh, no, it's OK. [Puts hand in way of elevator door to stop from closing.] So, uh, Happy valentine's Day.
Oh.
Hello, Michael.
I'm... returning your call, you said it was urgent.
Well, today's not my birthday, so...
...Happy birthday, Michael.
Am I on camera?
[on the phone] Michael, I'm gonna get going. I really don't think I need to be in this meeting.
[on phone] Yeah, but... Well, the fact of the matter is that your branch is currently number four of the five branches that I oversee.
Michael?
You know that I'm very serious here.
What?
I thought that you were their fearless leader.
[laughs] I think you can handle it.
I think so, Michael...
Goodbye, Michael.
Michael?
You know, I... I thought about it and you are right.
I could use a little fun. So, I am going to drive up for your Casino Night.
Incidentally, what is the charity?
Okay, then. I will see you tonight.
Bye-bye.
Michael?
Hi.
What are you... Just... Wait, what're you talking about?
No. No, you didn't. Hi, I'm Jan. I'm Michael's boss.
Does anyone want a drink?
Okay. [Carol stares at Michael]
Cosmopolitan, please.
Well, it's part of the job, you know? Keep an eye on things. So... Why not? So, how long have you and Michael been...
Casino Night in the warehouse. Good sport.
Oh, me too. Me too.
What?
No, I...
I didn't... I don't know...
Smoke?
Fabulous time. I drove two and a half hours to get here.
Left work early, drove down here. And I am completely underdressed
Why did I hook up with Michael?
It was very late, Jim. Very... Very late and... Have you given any more thought to the transfer?
Good. Have you told anyone?
Well, you should.
Hey. I'm leaving.
So, I just wanted to congratulate you on a fantastic evening. You did the company proud.
And thanks for inviting me. You were right, I needed it. So, thanks.
Nice to meet you.
And you guys have a good time together.
Yeah.
You know, it's amazing to me that in this day and age, you could be so obtuse about sexual orientation.
That's not what it's called.
Coming out, is a significant moment for a gay person, and they should be allowed to select the timing and manner of announcing it.
NO!
No, it's not possible.
You know, imagine... you were gay.
Michael, your immaturity is extremely disappointing and may even lead to a lawsuit which is the absolute last thing this company needs right now.  Do you understand?
[on speakerphone] Okay, what is your goal for after lunch?
[under breath] Heaven help us. [aloud] Specifically.
Specifically
[on speakerphone] Are you on the toilet, Michael?
Well, I know sometimes you are and... that you wouldn't tell me, so I'm just going to assume that you are, and call me back when you're finished.
Oh, hey!
We all checked in?
Great, let's dump our stuff and meet back here in half an hour.
Okay!
What are you talking about?
Step away from me, Michael.
Great!
What have you generated, Michael?
What party?
Michael, um... Jim and Josh are in meetings all day. And I am in and out of meetings. I can't stay on top of you 24/7.
Really?
Well, Michael, I underestimated you.
[Jim, Josh, and Jan walk in the hotel lobby] Josh, um... [Jim continues walking ahead] Why don't you come up to my room for a couple of minutes and we can just go over the schedule for tomorrow together.
A quick drink?
[putting on a good face] Great! [walks off]
[walking into an empty office because everyone is watching Varsity Blues] Hello?
Hello? [Angela coughs and points to the conference room]
How would a movie increase productivity Michael?  How on earth would it do that?
Magically?
No.
[answering the phone] Hello?
Who is this?
You should talk to Michael, and he'll talk to me, and that way we don't have to speak to each other.
What about him?
It's not about a surprise party is it?
Look, I am already an hour outside of Scranton, Dwight, I'm not coming back.
How do you know I like that store?
How do you know that?
No it's not.  It's officially not.
Yeah.
Really?
Ok.
What would you do differently?
Dwight, you must feel strongly, to speak with me this way, behind Michael's back, and turn on so many of your co-workers.
[thinks for a second] Where is it?
[on speakerphone with Michael] Michael.
I just had a very interesting conversation with one of your employees.
No, it wasn't.  Dwight just told me that he thinks he can run the branch better than you.
Mm-hmm.
You can't have people undermining you.  Get control of your branch immediately.
Hey, Jim?
How's work going?
[kills Jim's character, giggles] Oh, you know what, I gotta see Josh right now, but remind me to tell you what Dwight said to me earlier, okay? You'll get a big kick out of it. [leaves]
[on speakerphone] So, I wanted to let you know that we lost Ed Truck.
Michael, Ed died over the weekend.
[on speakerphone] I understand how you feel, Michael.  I really do.  So, would it be helpful to give everyone the day off?
Well, what would you suggest?
Of Ed?
[scoffs] I'm not sure that's realistic.
No, that's not---
What the hell are you two talking about?
You know what, Michael?  I've really tried with you today...
...and I have to get back to work.
So call me when you feel like having a real conversation.
Goodbye. [hangs up]
[on the phone] Ed Truck died over the weekend.
Yeah. And I know... I know he was your boss, so I thought you should know.
Yes, they know, Michael.
I guess, yes. I think it would be appropriate for you to make an announcement to your team, in case they want to pay their respects.
Good.
Tell me what you did yesterday.
Nothing?
I don't care how your day was Michael.
Tell me what you did yesterday.
Hi, Pam.
I'm great. So, Pam I would like you to keep a log of everything Michael does hour by hour so we can analyze it at corporate. Ok?
Thanks Pam.
What I want, Michael, is an hour-by-hour log of how you spend your work time.
Zoning out?
If you can account for your time...
...then maybe corporate can justify your salary.
Michael, what is this about you letting everyone leave work early today?
What is Diwali?
Yes.
Mich---
Oh.
Oh.
Yes, of course, I know Kelly.
I thought she was Muslim.
Well, I think it sounds lovely. I think it sounds like a good idea.
Yes, of course. It's important to celebrate our company's rich diversity. And, and in fact, Michael, if you had planned better, we might have been able to charter a bus to the event---
---or, or, or been a sponsor for the party itself.
Hey, one person is an integral part of the fabric---
Michael.
Michael.
Michael.
I am here to tell you that we are closing the Scranton branch.
The board voted last night to close your branch.
The board's.
I'm very sorry. I don't relish telling you this. You've been a big part of this company, and the board asked me to thank you for your years of service.
A small number of people will be transferred to the Stamford branch, and the rest will be getting severance packages.
Well, we haven't made final decisions about personnel yet. But you're a severance package person.
Well, it's not all about numbers, Michael.
It's... it's about talent.
Our CFO believes that Josh is going to play an important role in our company's future.
Hi.
Oh, good. You're both here. Ready to talk logistics?
So, Josh will be running what is now called Dunder-Mifflin ,Northeast, which is all the offices north of Stamford. And Jim, fi you want the job, you'll be his number two.
Awesome.
Wha... excuse... why not?
Today?
You leveraged your new position with us into another offer?
Damn it, Josh. This whole restructuring thing was based around keeping you. I...
I'm gonna make some calls.
So... we are still scrambling here. But uh, it looks like Scranton is going to absorb Stamford.
And I know that you just left there a couple of months ago, but we would like to offer you the number two position at that branch.
Yeah.
Michael.
Ah. Well, please think about it. And call me. We will do whatever we can to get you to stay.
[in Scranton] Where's Michael?
[looks around, noticing that no one is working] Wha... what's going on here?
Ah, god. Okay. You know what everybody? I'm sure there is a better way to do this but I've drive something like 400 miles today and I'm completely exhausted so I'm just gonna tell you. Your branch is not closing; Stamford is closing. Um, for the time being, it seems that all your jobs are safe.
Well, reasons are not important. Would you just call him, please? Wherever he is... and tell him.
Back?
Uh, we don't know. Probably. A few.
Michael!
Did you fire Tony Gardner when he was trying to quit?
Do you realize, Michael, that we now have to pay him severance?
You do?
What? No. No. No, Jim is your Number Two.
He's the only one  who has worked with both groups. I sent you a memo about this.
[over phone] Mmhmm.
We get that money for hiring an ex-convict.
When did the check come?
Okay, that's when the branches merged, so Josh must have been taking advantage of this program. Smart move.
Uh, reformed convict, and, uh, I'm not sure. Though hang on, let me email our HR, stay on the line.
...Okay it's someone named Martin Nash.
Michael?
Hello everyone. Hello Michael.
I was in Scottsdale visiting my sister.
Very sunny. Family's important. Michael, I would like to speak with you, in your office.
Why am I here, Michael?
In the last year, I've gone through a divorce, an identity theft, a husband who would not... communicate. This is nether here or there. My psychiatrist thinks that I have some self-destructive tendencies and that for once, I should indulge them. You following me?
I think I owe it to myself to find some kind of happiness, you know? I mean, even, even if it means... lowering my expectations or, or redefining the word, itself.
This is the kind of thing, you know? I am... attracted to you. I, I don't know why, I... but, I am. And, I need to follow my instincts. At least that's what Dr. Perry thinks.
This is the point, OK? You're wrong for me. In... In... every way. But I still find myself wanting to... be with you.
Good, good.
Well, good, OK. Thank you... for taking the time...
Wait 15 minutes, find an excuse, and meet me at your condo.
Oh, God.
Oh yeah, Arizona's beautiful. Yeah. It's great to... great to see my sister.
Oh, yeah, I know. I don't... I don't normally lay out in the sun a lot, but, you know, when it's Scottsdale... I was visiting my sister and...
Dwight's name is on the security sign-in sheet, but I don't know who he met with. And where it asks to state your business, he wrote 'Beeswax. Not yours, Inc.'
[On speaker phone] Michael, I left a meeting.  What is so urgent?  Are you, are you okay?
Okay.
Uh when, when did, when last night?
You went to a bachelor party at work?
I'm closer to firing you.
I'll talk to you later.
Michael?
Hi.
Let's just blow this party off.
Am I on speaker phone?
Is anybody else in the...
Hi, Dwight. Ok, Michael, take me off speaker phone.
Ok. Let's just go to a motel...
...and just like rip into each other like we did on that black sand beach in Jamaica.
Still on speaker?
Are camera's there?
See you soon.
I'm sure that it's catered. I need you to sign these, Michael. It's a waver of some of your rights. You should read it carefully. It releases the company in the event that our relationship, in your opinion or in reality, interferes with work. You get a copy, I get a copy, and a third copy goes to HR.
You realize this is a legal document that says you can't sue the company.
I've never told you that I love you.
I am taking a calculated risk. What's the upside? I overcome my nausea, fall deeply in love, babies, normalcy, no more self loathing. Downside? I, uh, date Michael Scott publicly and collapse in on myself like a dying star.
What's this over the 'i'?
Why is this so hard? That's what she said. Oh my God. What am I saying?
Oh, no. Michael, please. Michael, please.
Of course, of course, David. Do you remember Michael Scott?
From the Scranton Branch.
David, can I, um, speak to you privately for just a moment, please.
We're good. [Michael tries to kiss Jan] Michael, stop. Please stop that, ok?
Martini please.
You ok?
It's nice.
I, Michael, I think David probably wants to spend Christmas here with his family.
I'm sorry. You're just going to have to excuse us for just a couple minutes.
Sorry. Michael, come here. Just, just, just, just. [kisses Michael]
Don't you know what I'm doing?
Shut up.
Come on.
What?
Just let me loosen my dress.
Michael.
Slam me up against the wall, right here.
Oh, please.
Oh, I'm acting inappropriate? Get out.
Not too good.
I feel sick.
No, we were good when we were just running around, you know, in secret. It was wrong and it was exciting. Maybe it was a mistake to take it public.
Please don't cry.
It was never a love contract, Michael and besides, I have already given a copy to David and it would be just as embarrassing to get it back as I was handing it to him.
I didn't mean it. I was...
Tired. I'm tired. And I didn't eat enough. And, and, that's all. That was it.
That's all. I didn't mean it. That's all. I'm just saying I didn't mean it.
Ok.
I am attracted to weird, wrong men.  I dated a violent karate instructor and then an unemployed fireman.  Life has been complicated.  I've made some decisions that I'm not proud of; my marriage, being overly litigious with my family.  I orgasm fairly easily. Michael was kind of like my dirty secret, you know, having sex with him, oh I was just turned on by my own degradation.  Um, why, anyway, I was told by somebody recently that I respect that I'm old enough to have a mature relationship, and that's what this whole evening is about and I have high hopes.
Michael, last Friday one of your employees attacked another employee in your office!
[sigh] Is Toby there?
Ok, what... what is the situation Toby?
Thank God.
All right, well are you gonna take care of this?
What did I tell you about 'yeppers?'
I told you not to say it.  Do you remember that?
Why don't we talk next month, after the quarter ends?
Today.  All right, well, uh, if you want to do it today, we should meet in person, and uh, can you get here by five?
Great.  Uh, and listen.  Because of our, uh, our... you know, situation, we're gonna need to have a third party present.
Da--- Darryl from the warehouse?
No, Michael. We, we need an HR rep.  So, uh, I think you should just bring Toby.
Michael, he's your branch's HR rep...
...and we need someone else, in the room, because of our relationship.  You know this.  Michael, either Toby comes with you, or we don't do it.
Thank you, Hunter. [to Michael and Toby] Hello.  Come in.  [exhales] Ah, Okay.
That's my new assistant.
I have to call you the second I get a new assistant?
Hi, Toby. [clears throat] First--- [Michael clears his throat] First off, Michael, this is a salary negotiation.  All matters regarding our personal relationship have to be set aside.  Are we clear?
Right now we can offer you a 6% raise.
Oh, God.
Michael---
Michael---
Okay, Michael.  Please, why don't we just take a break.  This is really going nowhere.
Ok, Toby, how about if you...
Great.
What's wrong with you?
Okay, Michael.  I can offer you a 12% raise, but you have got to ask for 15.
No, just... I just need you to ask for it, so I can record that you asked for it.  Okay?
No.  But we can offer you 12.
Michael!
[on speakerphone] Michael, ...
...come over after work tonight, OK? I miss your body.
I'll give you $200. And if I get up before you, I'll leave it on the dresser.
$300?
You know whatever. Just let my assistant know if you're coming over so he can get more vodka, OK? Hunter, are you on?
Michael... [clears throat] I was, um... I was really unhappy with our conversation earlier. And I... I just - I couldn't stop thinking about it. So I decided that I would drive down here and apologize to you in person. So... [takes Michael's hand] I'm sorry.
So... we're good?
[cell phone vibrates] Oh. Hold on, I'm sorry.
One second. Oh! It's from you. Uh, you wanna grab some dinner?
OK. [voice on phone] 'It's me, Michael. I'm just calling to say that I think we need a little break, permanently. And, uh, I know everybody says this, but I want...'
Oh. [door closes]
So how are you liking the Wall Street Journal subscription?
Are you reading it everyday, like we decided you would?
Good, good, it's the best business reporting isn't it?
Wait, wait, what cartoons?
[Sigh]
Right uh, Michael.
[walks through front door] Michael.
Uh, how are you?
I'm great. Uh, can we, can we talk... privately... for a minute?
I just, [quietly] I uh... I don't uh... I, I don't, I don't like the way that we left things.
Okay.
Been good.
Good.
Sorry to drop by unexpectedly. I uh, I tried calling, but I kept getting voice mail.
After you ended... everything with us, I went on a vacation.
To kinda clear my mind.
It was.  Yeah, it was good. [laughs] I think I'll just get right to the point, you know?  Um, I, I feel good about myself for the first time in a really long time.
I've made some big changes in my life and... I miss you. I want us to get back together.
Ohh... [Michael leaves and walks into conference room]
So... [exhales] there are a lot of things that I would like to do differently.
I feel like, when we first got together, that I had a problem with my priorities.
And if we could talk about a way to approach a possible reconciliation...
Thanks.
Oh, okay.
Well, I um, I have to get back, but I will see you in New York tomorrow, right?
Good luck with your interview. [whispers] Bye.
Hey you!
How was your interview?
Yeah?
Oh. [they kiss] I'll put in a good word for you.
What?
What's... what's the matter?  What... what happened in there?
Tell me what?
You son of a bitch!
You're
Erratic?
[opens up her overcoat] Is it because of these?
No, I wanna know.  I wanna know!  Because if it is, then, then, then I will see you in court!
No?
Cause he likes them. [points to Michael] Okay? He likes them. And, and that is, that is all I care about.
Yeah!
Okay, you know what?  I'm just not leaving.  I'm not leaving.  Not leaving.
[giving a hug] Bye Hunter.
Good luck with your band.
Don't let them change you, okay? [Jan drops several items, Michael and Hunter help pick them up, she starts to walk out the door] So long, [censored].
Oh, God!  I mean, I just don't understand!  It's just
Oh, just... No, actually I think it's good, you know?  It's fine, actually, I do.  I really think it's great that it happened.  Because, you know, my work has always been the thing that has gotten in the way of my happiness, so... [laughs]
[sobbing] Oh, I know, I know.  It's just... I'm sorry.  It's just these painkillers that I started taking since the surgery.  Ohhh!  They make my moods totally unpredictable!  Wow!  What am I gonna do?
Live together.  Actually, wait a minute!  This could be great!  This could be perfect!  You know, my full-time job could be our relationship.  I could wear stretch pants and wait for you to come home at 5:15. [laughs] It could work.  This could work, really!
OK, name please.
You're over 75 years old?
There's no prize money.
So I heard that you were peeping on Michael.
I don't know what your deal is, but he's mine, OK? So hands off.
Water? Water? [Toby gabs water, drinks, then throws back at Jan] Water babe?
Michael that's irrational.
Hi, Pam.
Is Michael in?
[to Ryan] Hey.
Ryan. Ryan. Ryan, Ryan.
Well, not exactly my job... I had a different title.
Different salary. [laughs] You'll get there, don't worry.
Thank you, thank you.
Best decision I ever made.
You know what? I love the beard. Keep it forever. [goes into Michael's office]
Hey.
What?
So, what's Ryan doing here?
He's such a snake.
I hope he's gets hit with an ageism suit.
Ageism? Companies they can't discriminate against people due to old age. Like a couple years ago we tried to force out some of the older branch managers with a mandatory retirement age and then Ed Truck, your old boss, threatened us with a lawsuit, so we had to back off.
Yes, Michael, they do.
[sighs, whistles] Michael, please would you not email while we're having lunch?
[on phone] My friends?  Michael, I was terminated.
Is it really that important to you?
Alright.
Go by yourself.
Well...
What? No Michael!
You do.
Well, they both go with the carpet I've ordered, and if you go with the brown leather on the sofas, then they go with that too.
A futon's not a sofa.
I know what a futon is, Michael.
It costs what it costs.
We have gone through this.
Conniving little runt. Put him through.
So, um, I forgot to tell you that I need the car tonight.
Why? Improv? Why don't you just pretend you have a car? Good practice, incase you ever do a scene where you need to pretend you have a car?
You drive, I had too much wine.
I didn't go.
I just didn't!
How was improv?
[on phone] You're broke?
[on phone] Michael, how did this happen?  Where did all your money go?  I don't, I don't get this.  I really don't.  I don't know how you could be so irresponsible.  I mean, this is, it is astounding to me, really.  I don't know what more to say.
[on phone] Yeah, what?
[on phone] Okay, where did he go?
[on phone] Well, is he coming right back?
[on phone] I'll be right there.
Alright. [throws her keys at Oscar]
Michael.
What's going on?
Well, why are you sitting on a train?  Where are you going?
What does that mean?
Michael, come on.  Running away from your problems won't solve anything.  You know that.
Your creditors can follow you anywhere with ease.  Your debt follows you around the world, electronically.
Uh, Michael, come on, come on, you can deal with this.  It's not that bad.
Well, when my life fell apart and they, and they screwed me in New York, and I felt like my whole world was collapsing around me, I didn't have anyone.  I mean, my whole family still won't even talk to me, on the advice of counsel, and my friends were just waiting for this to happen.
Michael, no, what I want to say is you were there for me.  By my side.  Without even a thought.  That's just who you are.  I mean, no matter how badly I treat you, or what I'm going through, you just, you are there for me.  And that is a guy worth staying beside.  So, where's this train taking us?
I'm keeping them. I know you like them. They're kind of uncomfortable though.
It's kind of painful and my nipples are over-sensitive now.
I just think that...
Why?
I think you can.  I... what?
All right, well then maybe there's another way, you know?  I mean, we could just... we'll think of something else.
Well... well, we will.
We just will.
I have some ideas.
[laughs] I am not going to tell you yet.
Oh, yes, you will.
[laughing]
I don't know, it's just, ugh, I never felt welcomed there, you know? It's such a...boys club.
Good.
And they displayed a pattern of disrespect and inappropriate behavior.
Um, no, I want it up. My hair.
Remember, it isn't just a pattern, It's a pattern of disrespect, and inappropriate behavior.
Does this work for you?
Uh, come on Micheal, that's tacky.
Four million.
No, Michael. Oh, come on.
Stop saying ridiculous things. He's just gonna tell the truth, the truth is-is very...you know, complicated, so we went over it carefully, and-and just so we wouldn't leave anything up to chance or Michael's judgment.
Michael, I told you, I am not putting the top down.
All right, fine, just a second. Hold on.
Michael, just relax, okay?
People underestimate Michael. There are plenty of things that he is well above average at. Like ice skating. He is a very good ice skater.
Can we just move on to another question?
Okay, if I may, he was just telling a joke before, so can we move on to another question?
Uh, yes.
I had to, I'm sorry but I need to win this. We need to win this.
You keep it under my side of the mattress.
Alright, I stole your diary and gave it to my lawyer. You emailed a topless photo of me to everyone in our company. Let's call it even.
I love you too.
[looks at Lester]
Michael, I am not the enemy, OK? Dunder Mifflin is the enemy.
Alright, wait. Before you go any further, let me show you what kind of loyalty they have, OK? Lester, please read that part of Wallace's deposition.
How about Chinese?
That was my cheap suggestion. Chinese was my cheap suggestion.
Fine, fast food's fine.
Yes, Michael is going to be cross-examined today, which'll be very, very risky for me, nonetheless, not an easy decision to make, but it's a deposition.  It's not going to be in front of a judge.  And it's four million dollars.
Sometimes when he gets nervous he, uh, talks like Borat.
Hi.
How are you?
Chilly huh? So glad we finally got to do this with you guys. You wanna take their coats babe?
Oh well Pam, thank you, this will be great to cook with.
So what do you guys think, should we do the tour first or the appetizers first?
Do you have a preference babe? Upstairs first?
Alright, well, let's go then, I say upstairs.
Yeah, so sorry about this God-awful carpet, we're still a work in progress here.
This is my office.
Not super exciting.
And this is my workspace.
I do, I cannot create in the same space I conduct business, I'm sure that you're the same with your doodles. [puts a candle to Jim's nose] Smell.
Uh-huh, Bonfire.
Men love this one.
When I get frustrated, or irritated or... angry, I come up here and I just smell all my candles and it just -poof- goes away.
Just like that.
So this is the master bedroom, and these walls used to like white, like an asylum. So I wanted it to be softer, So I had it painted in eggshell white.
[puts away video camera facing the bed] Babe I thought you said you were going to tidy things up.
Shame on you.
See, he fits perfectly.
It's pine.
Really?
I bet you are.
It was between the neon beer sign and the Dundies so I said 'Honey keep the trophies.'
[doorbell] Oh, excuse us just a second.
[Andy and Angela enter] So glad you're finally able to be here.
Oh, how thoughtful.
Aw.
How 'bout we do the short tour and then I'll start dinner?
Oh no no no, it's just the osso buco needs to braise for about three hours, everything else is done.
You know Pam, in Spain they often don't start eating until midnight.
Do you have a preference, upstairs first?
Follow me.
So music, should we turn some music?
Do you guys remember my old assistant Hunter? He is an excellent songwriter.
Well I think he's probably just about as reliable as Pam being that it usually takes you an afternoon to get back to me.
Joe Camel!
Oh!
Babe can you just like really, woah, could you just simmer down?
No.
I was watching Jim.
No smiling.
No no no, no names, no names,  no rhyming, no soundalikes.
No rhyming!
[eyes Pam] I'm so, so sorry for the temperature in here.  The um, sliding glass door shattered. It's actually a really cute story. Do you wanna tell it babe or should I tell it?
Come on, it's a cute story, Michael ran through the sliding glass doors because he thought he heard the ice cream truck!
You are so right, you're so right because before I lived here, the glass was always covered in smudges, and then I moved in and I cleaned it so I guess that makes me the Devil.
I will get it, I will get it, what kind of hostess would I be if I didn't get. It's okay, I don't mind. In fact you know what, girl's trip, Angela come on. Girl's trip.
[checking the oven] Uh, not even close.
You should see our bathroom after Michael takes a bath, whew. But I don't have to tell you Pam.
Oh well don't tell me that he's really changed since you guys dated.
Well, Michael told me a little bit about it, but I see the way you look at him.
Mmhmm.
Coming! [Dwight and a woman are at the door holding wine glasses and a cooler]
What are you doing here?
What is he doing here?
Fine, whatever you want, just like always, whatever you want.
We saw Wicked.
I am so sorry that I don't want to bring kids into this screwed-up world, okay?  But look if you want to have kids, then fine you win. Let's have a [bleep]ing kid.
I hate my life.
[crying] I'm just gonna check on dinner. [Jan gets up from the table]
[Michael dips his steak into his wine] Can you not do that? It's disgusting.
Oops.
Hey babe?
How about we take the beer sign down until our guests leave and then we can discuss it.
Ok. [gets up and goes over to the stereo and turns on Hunter's CD really loud]
At least he's an artist.
[shouting] AND I'M A CANDLEMAKER BUT YOU DON'T HEAR ME BRAGGING ABOUT IT!
FOR AN INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY!
YOU BURN IT. YOU BUY IT!
AND YOU'RE HARDLY MY FIRST!
[running out the door)] Michael! [pleading] Michael. What are you doing to him?
Bye Babe!
A little amuse-bouche, anyone?
Okay, trivia!  Does anyone know what that means?
Oh!
[Michael comes out of the powder room to rejoin the group] Ahh, did you wash your hands, babe?
[coming up suddenly]  Are you eating?
Really, Pam.  This is a dinner party. [walks away. Pam looks at Jim accusingly]
So, this girl that I basically grew up with becomes Miss West Virginia, and then suddenly, all the boys start paying attention to me.  And it was funny because, you know, I never even considered myself beautiful until people started pointing it out to me.  You know, 'Jan, wow, you are so much more beautiful than Miss West Virginia.'  [laughs]  Ah, so that is why I uh... wait, Pam, what was your, what was your question?'
Well, I just got into a little trouble with the neighbors.
I did, and I had a very late shift and I had a little bit of wine and I fell asleep.
Yeah.
Yeah.  But, you know, it was my fault.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
It was me!
I spray-painted that dog.  It was sleek, and shiny, and perfect little haircut, it was parading around like it was God's gift to this God-forsaken town [laughs] and I just couldn't take it anymore, so I went over there and I held down my knee and I just spray-painted it until I was good and done. [claps]  It bit me on the arm, [reaches out and taps Jim] I didn't even feel it.
What are you doing to him?  What... [sees neighbors' dog] is this about that stupid, ugly mutt?
Please, please.  Don't hurt him, okay?
Well it was good to see you.
Yeah, so...
Hello... Michael.
I...
No.
Uh, no.
I didn't...
... touch that.
Why?
Yeah, it did...
... happen when...
... we were together. That's true. And-but, you... are not... uh, you're not the dad.
...Not to. No, I did not. I did not cheat on you.  I did not.
Yeah.
I went to a sperm bank.
Yuh-huh.
Uh, yeah.
I know.
No, no no... it's not just any sperm bank. I mean, it's really... this is a really, really great place. It's amazing, actually. I'm gonna bring you the catalogue. You should look through it. It's... and it's-in fact, it's right next to that little breakfast place that you like in the city where you can draw on the tables.
IHop.
If I was 22, and I had lots of time to have lots of children, then sure, let's let Michael have a shot at one of 'em. But, honestly, I need to make this one count.
Oh, that's really good. I feel so much better. I just needed to get all that out onto the table.
Look, I don't know what you're gonna be doing tomorrow, but I have my Lamaze class in Allentown, and um... you could come. I usually, you know, use a foam noodle instead of a partner...
Okay.
I need you to make me 100 copies of this on canary yellow.
Hi.
Oh, great. Yeah, Serenity by Jan is kicking ass and taking names. You remember last week when that girl went missing?  Guess whose candles they used for the vigil?
Oh, they found her?
That's his ex.
I can't feel... I can't feel anything that you're doing, Michael.
It's like nothing's happening.
Oh, just stop making excuses and just dig in there.
Uh, new wicks from Craft Corner, uh, this dress [hands Michael bag] returned to Suburban Casuals, and uh, panty liners.
Well, I, you said you wanted to help, so I...
You mean breastfeed?
Uh, I'm fine, thank you.
Would you just call me when you're done with the errands, Michael?
Hi, Jim!
This is my baby.
Astrid.
Well, um, you know, labor just kind of started very suddenly and-
And the birth instructor thought it wasn't a good idea for you to be there, so...
OK, you don't have any idea what I've been through, so, let's...
I'm sorry, I thought today at the baby shower would be a good time for the two of you to meet.
Yes, yes you can. You know, I think, just leave her in the car seat. Yeah.
trid.
Well...
Michael, Michael, Michael, that's... yeah... that's too high.  I'll take that.
Thank you.  That's very sweet of you.
Thank you.
[singing 'Son of a Preacher Man' to Astrid] Being good isn't always easy / No matter how hard I try / When he started sweet-talking to me / He'd come and tell me everything is all right / He'd kiss and tell me everything is all right / Can I get away again tonight / The only one...
[now belting out the lyrics, even though Astrid is asleep] How well I remember / The look that was in his eyes / Stealing kisses from me on the sly / Taking time to make time / Telling me that he's all mine / Learning from each other's knowing / Looking to see how much we've grown / And the only one...
Well, actually, I, uh, I had a tub birth.  And it was really, really quite amazing.
Yeah, it's a really nice transition from womb to world, you know, kind of like a big womb.
Oh, yeah, the afterbirth floats, yeah.
Oh no, it's actually really hygienic, Creed.
And after the birth you get out and deliver the afterbirth. [everyone starts leaving]
You're sad about this.  I know that, and I wish that I...  but...  would it help if you held Astrid for just a, a little bit?
All right.  Um, I'm just going to lie down for a couple of minutes.  I'm exhausted, so um.  Remind me to talk to you about Astrid's 529.  Wake me in twenty.
[wakes up on the reception couch] Oh. I was just catching up on my sleep.
Where's Astrid?
On a what?
[sarcastically] That's funny.
What are you doing? What's going on? Excuse me.
[picking up Astrid] There you are.
You don't flash around a newborn baby.  Don't you know that?
Michael, I need your help.
Uh... come on.
Oh, no, Michael, you know what? I really have to go.
You know what, where is the stroller that I came in with?
Ah.  Thanks, Dwight.
OK.  You know what?  There is, uh, there is one more thing that you can do for me.
Don't date Holly.
Thanks for the baby shower.  It was great.  And I'll see you... soon.
OK.
Well...
OK, you know what, I don't think I need to do this one, because I only gained twelve pounds and I'm just going to get rid of all of that, so...
OK, give me the roll.  I'll do it.
Yeah, we're not doing my boobs, Michael.  OK, seven, someone give me the prize.  [to Astrid] Oh, it's OK...
Uh, yes, I did.
Oh.
Well, this is a highly exclusive establishment.
Well, I paid for an ideal specimen.
This is a wonderful shower, everyone.  Thank you.
It's not Kevin's child.  Can't possibly be.  I mean, I don't know what I would do.  Sue... icide?
[Jan nurses Astrid with her top down, office workers try to work] Okay, 'Stridly, you want to try the other side?  Okay, here we go.  That's good.  Oh, good job.
You know what, Kevin?  Why don't you just go ahead and stare?  Because, you know, it's, it's fine with me.  I mean, this is sooo natural, and so beautiful, and...
Of course.  I mean, there's nothing erotic about this, you know, it's, it's, it's what these [shakes a breast] were made for, you know, I mean they're full of baby milk, they're... nourishing my baby, so... [tosses head proudly, Creed comes up to stand next to Kevin, staring directly at Jan's chest]  Michael!
[to a client] ...to accommodate the, uh, suppliers. [Seeing Michael and Dwight] Gentlemen! Nice to see you, it'll be just a moment. If you could show them into Conference Room B. [to client again] The pharmaceutical aspects should be able to...
How do I do it? Raise my daughter, work as director of office purchasing for this hospital and release an album of Dorris Day covers on my own label? If I knew I'd tell you.
Yeah I'm really happy. Me and Astrid against the world. [laughs] We're loving it, yeah. I'm kind of a supermom.
Yeah. [singing] Fry it up in a pan. Never never never let you forget... [laughs] I love that commercial.
Well, Michael, it was nice to get your call.
Are you gonna keep me in suspense? [Michael sighs]
No, so what couldn't wait?
Michael Scott, you are here for a post mortem.
You wanna dig into our relationship, go over it, see what killed it. Ok, I'm in.
No! In the beginning we were not good.
Well if there's anything exciting about it it's because we both knew it was wrong!
No, ok. Imagine there's a princess, who falls for a guy beneath her station, and the queen doesn't like this at all. And the princess knows that the queen doesn't like it so it just makes her wanna do it all the more just to get at the queen!
No I'm the princess, and the queen.
Assy! Awwhhh how was school?
[singing] What did you learn?
You might have learned shapes, or blocks, or clocks, or colors. Or you might have learned that we're all, sisters and brothers.
He finished his movie? [frantically trying to open her car door, as if trying to get away from the camera crew] No kidding. Wow, that's great. Yeah that's good for him.
You son of a bitch. Youre firing me? Where the hell do you get off?
Wheres Wallace?
I was under the impression that David Wallace would be coming. He bought back Dunder Mifflin, correct?
Molly! David Wallace is in Vermont.
Molly. I am not Tom. I am Jan.
I thought it would be fun to have a little chat with uh, David Wallace  after all these years.  Oh, well. What are you doing?
Stop.
Stop that.
No, I do.
Insightful, Pam.
Pam?
Im a very busy woman, so...
Fine. I will show you one... slide show.
[audio from slide show, singing] Mommy, youre a princess. Mommy, youre a superstar. Mommy youre the greatest. How can I ever fill your sho-o-o-es?
Aw.
[chuckles] Well, that -- that was -- that was me too.
Cece cant spell her name.
Well, its not really much of a comparison, is it? I mean, Cece is two letters and Astrid is... I mean, theres even some adults who -- who -- who cant spell it.
Can you spell it? Try to spell it, Pam.
Dont patronize me.
No.
I -- I --
I dont recall. And yes, Molly is crap.
Will you uh, [clicks tongue] you. Can you turn around for me, please? Dwight you can go. I will call you in a week or so and let you know whether I want your business.
[to Clark] Do you have a valid passport?
[on phone] Hello?
Oh, Andy.
Really?
Hmm.
Seriously? You're calling me a few weeks after finalizing our contract to gouge me now for more money? Is that what you're doing?
Yeah.
You know what? You know what, uh, Nard dog? There is an option in the contract that allows me to back out within 30 days of signing. So, I would like to exercise that option.
Tell Angela to send me a final invoice.
