I'm standing in front of the Paramount adjacent to Madison Square Garden where a growing number of vociferous and angry demonstrators are gathering to protest the very first public appearance of Donald O'Brien, the leader of the midwestern regional chapter of the Aryan Union, and reputed to be their most charismatic spokesman. The reclusive Mr. O'Brien is an advocate of the violent overthrow of the government. He has openly professed a deep admiration of Adolf Hitler. Even David Duke has denounced him as a dangerous extremist. There is a full house inside awaiting his arrival from the airport. Sources tell me he is in route and should be arriving momentarily. Police have set up barricades, but quite frankly Bill and Jean, I don't think they're any match for the emotional fuse that has been lit here tonight. Reporting from the Paramount, I'm Jodi Baskerville, back to you in the studio.
A limousine has just pulled up it's being surrounded by a huge group of protestors, this has the makings of a very ugly scene.
They are banging on the car, trying to flip it over. The police seem unable or unwilling to control the crowd, I would imagine Mr. O'Brien must be having some very grave doubts if he made the right choice for his first public appearance.
Yeah. I heard you.
(to George) So what did she say?
You just said that you said it.
How can you say that? My sister got a ticket last week. Are you saying she's not attractive?
(to Jerry) Can we go?
Nice meeting you Karen.
Oh yeah.
Yeah. (she and Jerry walk away)
Really, how?
So what's the deal with your friend George?
What was all that "attractive women not getting tickets" nonsense?
I don't know how you can hang out with that guy.
Did you see the way that he was eating?
I have to tell you, I really don't like him.
It's just I hate that type.
Now you however, you, I like. (she stops massaging and kisses Jerry)
What do you think I'm doing? (he won't get his massage...)
Hey, Jerry.
I was giving Kramer a massage.
I got to run. I have an appointment downtown.
No that's O.K.
You've never met. (the cab starts and George is following to keep talking to Jodi)
Hey.
Hi. (kiss) I was running late and I didn't have a chance to drop off my stuff before I came over.
What's with this music?
What are you doing?
Actually, I should get a new one.
So, where do you wanna go? (as she puts her hand on his shoulder)
(she stops massaging) No. No, this isn't good. I can't do this.
I can't (she tries harder to pull her hands away)
No, I can't!
No means no.
Listen. I massage who I want, when I want. I don't submit to forcible massage. (he tries desperately to get her hands on his shoulders again but she pulls them away immediately) I'm getting out of here.
We have nothing to talk about.
I'm getting out of here. (to Jerry) Don't call me.
