Excuse me. I don't want to disturb you, I'm Keith Hernandez and I just want to tell you what a big fan I am. I love your comedy.
I've always wanted to do what you do.
I love that bit about Jimmy Olson
(to Jerry) Do you perform anywhere in new York right now?
You know, I live on the East Side.
or maybe just to get together for a cup of coffee
Who's this chucker?
Yeah, it really was.
UH, do you want to catch a movie this weekend? Have you seen JFK?
Well, how about this Friday?
Goodnight. Oh, Jer, by the way, the woman we gave a ride to earlier tonight,
Yeah. What's her story?
Would you mind if I gave her a call?
Yeah.
You sure you don't mind?
Well, there was two outs, bottom of the tenth, we're one out away from losing the series.
Yeah, it was. [mind] Gosh, should I kiss her good night?
Really, you know my mom's one quarter Cajun.
Maybe they should get together. [mind] Go ahead. Kiss her. I'm a baseball player dammit.
[mind] Come on I won the MVP in 79. I can do whatever I want to.
Well, goodnight
[mind] I'm Keith Hernandez.
Better bring your gloves, it's freezing out there. It shouldn't take too long. I'd say maybe, oh, four hours. Really though, Jerry, there's not that much. First we got the bedroom, we got two dressers and the bed.
What's that?
Yeah there's a box spring but it's attached to the headboard and we'll have to take that apart. Then we got the couch.
Yeah. Twelve pieces. <not clear> coffee table.
Three inches thick. Got it in Italy. But the BIG problem is going to be the convertible sofa. You see when you move it it tends to open up so it's going to be real difficult getting it down the stairs.
Nah, it's a brownstone. Three floors.
Hello.
No should I [continuity error in fact he SHOULD from the basketball game]
YOU said, "Nice game, pretty boy."
Hey, I didn't spit at you.
Well lookit, the way I remember it (back to the grainy 8mm film parody) I was walking up the ramp. I was upset about the game. That's when you called me pretty boy. It ticked me off. I started to turn around to say something and as I turned around I saw Roger McDowell behind the bushes over by that gravely road.  Anyway he was talking to someone and they were talking to you. I tried to scream out but it was too late. It was already on its way.
look guys, don't worry about it, I uh, Well I guess I better get going.
I gotta move.
I'd love some.
Ok guys, we gotta be careful of one thing. Some of the stuff's very fragile We're going to have to handle it like a baby.
Can I help you?
Well then what are you doing with that racquet?
Well, I'm sorry you can't take that, no no no..
Look sweetheart I don't know who you are. I don't know what you're doing here. But...
Not with ...
Leave ...
I don't have to but I will.
