(Gruff) A slight resemblance.
How are you enjoying those cigars I gave you?
You know those cigars are made special for Castro?
What?
I didn't care much for his jokes.
You know, you can't get those cigars anywhere.
(Shooting back at his wife) Wear some more lipstick.
Oh, I forgot to ask you - how'd you like the cabin?
(Cutting her off) I love that place. My father built that cabin in 1947. My mother was recuperating from Impetigo at the time, and dad thought it would be a good idea to get her out into the fresh air. She died there the following winter. And he passed away 10 years later to the day. His last words to me were, (Mrs. Ross, bored out of her mind, has obviously heard this story a million times - she mouths the words as Mr. Ross says them) "Cherish the cabin." Not, uh, "Take care of your sister." (Adding) She's a paraplegic. But, "Cherish the cabin." (Smiling, reflecting) And I have.. for 45 years. It's often been a.. sanctuary for me.
What?
When I go, I'm passing it on to her. (Pointing at Susan)
Yes?
(To Susan) What about it?
What? What is it?
Burned?
(Still trying to comprehend what has happened) The cabin burned?
Was anything found? Was it all burned to the ground?! Did they find anything?
The box! (Rushes toward George, grabbing the box away from him, then the letters from Susan's hands) My letters! Gimme that! (Now holding them against his chest, defensively) Who told you to open this?!
(Proclaiming) Yes! Yes, he was the most wonderful person I've ever known. And I love him deeply! In a way you could never understand.. (Slowly walks back to his room, leaving everyone speechless. Susan seems to be affected the most. A long pause passes. Jerry gives George a signal that they should go)
What are you complimenting her for? She didn't make it Rowenna did.
Yes.
They're all chickens. The rooster has sex with all of them.
Firestorm, that's a hell of a picture.
Remember when they had the helicopter land on top of that car --
It doesn't have anything to do with the plot!
Those people, that's who. I think they're sick.
Yeah George, I gotta tell ya, this is a very nice gesture. We really appreciate it.
Oh, we got about twenty minutes. You, uh, seem a little nervous George. Anything wrong?
Nice night for a hansom cab ride, 'ay George?
I think it's the horse.
Excuse me,...what do you feed this animal?
Turn this thing around. We've had it. We can't breathe back here! And hurry it up!
Ask Rusty.
George.
They put it up this morning.
We, uh, tried to call, but the line was busy.
And they've been hard on us, too. It's a terrible tragedy when parents outlive their children.
That's why we decided to create a foundation to preserve Susan's memory.
And, of course, we want you to be an integral part.
You'll be on the board of directors.
Well, it wouldn't have without your friend Jerry's inspirational words. He said to us, "She's not really dead if her shadow is..." Uh, w-what was it, dear?
Well, what's important is that your relationship with Susan doesn't have to end.
(walking by Mrs. Ross) We're all out of lime juice. I told that woman to buy more.
(again walking by) I'm goin' back to bed.
We saw him in the city this weekend. Uh, what happened to his place in the Hamptons?
George, we were just talking about you.
It's March.
Another solarium?
What are their names?
Where are we, George?
Well, this is the end of Long Island. Where's your house?
All right.
We know.
And we always blamed you for what happened to Susan.
All right! Let's head back.
Murderer!
