No, I just live here.
What's in it for me?
He he, go for it.
Ah, look who's here.
No problem.
Hey, I might take you up on that.
Jerry, baby!
Boy this comedy's really frying your brain.
See, this is the kind of lasting impression I make on people.
You said if I was ever in the city, I'm in the city.
I'm just waiting for a lift back to the island, he won't be ready until eleven, so I figured I'd give you a break. I thought I'd see what it was like to hang out with someone in show business.
Oh, come on, you can come up with something better than that.
I understand.
Don't be so enthusiastic.
I'm not gonna steal anything.
I think I can do that.
Yeah. Let's have lunch.
Kramer, right?
I'm waiting for my ride.
He split. Let me ask you something. Is there anything to drink in here or is that, like, a stupid question?
(hysterical) Ah, they turned brown!! Brown!! (the laughter winds down) So let me ask you something, you know any women we could call?
Maybe we should call one of those escort services. I saw one of them advertised before on the cable station.
Hey, you want in on this?
(drunk and slurring) Oh Jerry! Jerry! Look who's here, it's Jerry
Jerry, this is Patti.
I don't know, but I gotta do this more often. (The buzzer goes off) Ooh, there's my ride, finally.
See ya, Jerr. And tell Kramer thanks and I'll call him tomorrow.
Yeah, he's a hoot. Oh, goodbye, my dear. (trying to kiss Patti's hand as she pulls it away) Ouch. (To Jerry) Weekend of the 26th, come on out, we're having another party.
Something I said? [no response] It's John... Mollika.
What're you doing down here?
Yeah, so?
What are you talking about?
What about it?
That is the dumbest idea I have ever heard.
Do you think people are going to pay $80 a bottle to smell like dead fish and sea weed? That's why people take showers when the come home from the beach. It's an objectionable offensive odour.
What's the plan?
I'll go first.
Hey, this is for close friends only.
Somebody's going to make that crap?
Even if I were dragged through manure I still wouldn't put that stuff on.
You think so?
Hey Cosmo.
