Hey. Hey? where is my popcorn babe?
my popcorn, you were supposed to get me popcorn what? would you forget about me babe?
hey? you think if I jumped off that balcony I'd get hurt?
so I said uh.. "hey dude, you better step off"
yeah
no
bowling? I don't think so George you get no rush from bowling
no no no no, I'm thinking.. rock-climbing
what.. whatever
yeah yeah, you know I'm definitely down for some rock-climbing
cool, so what do you say we climb a rock maana?
hey Kramer
hey, hey Kramer my man, what are you doing maana?
what do you say you scale some rock with me and George?
c'mon Kramer what do you say?
yes.. alright buddy, take it easy Kramer you down to it George? what's wrong?
(voice from below) George! Kramer!
take the rope, thread it through the carabiniere and knot it, and I'll climb up to where you are
hey George, you got anything to eat dude?
dude aah.......
they said huh.. they said I'm coming along (Tony's face is covered by bandages)
well, they said huh Tony, try to keep it clean
I really don't remember, I was kinda out of it for the 1st couple of days, I was on a lot of medication, it was kinda like haze, it was pretty cool
I don't know, I don't know
I'm drawing a blank, babe
step off George, I don't wanna see you
just beat it dude!
there won't be any next time George
(lovingly) Oh, yeah. I remember this car. Beautiful car.
Well, the shift knob is loose. You know about that?
(accusingly) Have you been picking at it?
(disapprovingly) Wear and tear. I see.
You been rotating the tires?
(sharp) You don't try to. You do it! Fifty-one percent of all turns are right turns. You know that? 'Try to.'
Yeah, Jerry, it's Tony Abato at the shop. Look, we gotta talk. You better come down, any time after four.
Thanks for coming in, Jerry.
I think I know what's goin' on here, and I just wanna hear it from you. But I want you to be straight with me. Don't lie to me, Jerry. You know that motor oil you're puttin' in there? (reproachful) From one of those quicky lube places, isn't it?
Jerry, motor oil is the lifeblood of a car. Okay, you put in a low-grade oil, you could damage vital engine parts. Okay. (holds up component) See this gasket? (throws it down) I have no confidence in that gasket.
Here's what I wanna do. I wanna overhaul the entire engine. But it's gonna take a major commitment from you. You're gonna have to keep it under sixty miles an hour for a while. You gotta come in, and you gotta get the oil changed every thousand miles.
(contempt) Huh. I don't understand you. It's your own car we're talking about. You know you wrote the wrong mileage down on the form? You barely know the car. You don't know the mileage, you don't know the tyre pressure. When was the last time you even checked the washer fluid?
(angry) The washer fluid is not fine!
What d'you mean?
Well, the car's on a lift.
(subdued) Alright. Okay. Well, uhm, wait here and I'll uh, I'll bring it around.
Hey Jerry, it's Tony.
Aw look, I just want you to know that the car is fine. I got her all fixed up. We're in a nice area, no potholes, no traffic. So there's nothing to worry about. Okay? In fact, here, somebody wants to talk to you.
(angry) Nobody's giving anything back! You tried to take it from me, I don't forget that.
Oh, your car. You want your car back!
Listen, that registration may have your name on it, Jerry. But this engine's running on my sweat and my blood.
