(answering machine message)'Jerry, Joe Divola. I have a hair on my tongue'
Good. Fear is our most primal emotion.
I know, I like to encourage intruders.
Do you like it? My home is a shrine to you.
I took them myself with a telephoto lens. Coming out of your office, your apartment, shopping, showering.
I developed them myself in my dark room. Would you like to see?
Why
Who am I? Who am I supposed to be?
What are you doing here?
Were you able to get those opera tickets to Pagliacci from that friend of yours? I'm really looking forward to it.
Really?
You know the story of Pagliacci, Nedda?
He's a clown whose wife is unfaithful to him.
Do you think I?m a clown, Nedda?
You've betrayed me with another, haven't you, Nedda? Who is he. I want you to tell me who he is. I want his name. Tell me his name.
Pagliacci kills his wife.
You're not leaving
Excuse me
Anything is welcome, I accept change.
You know, you could just say no, you don't have to humiliate me. I may be dressed as a clown but I am a person.
And I don't need people like you looking down their noses at me. I am just a street performer out here trying to make enough to get by.
What, are you showing off to your girlfriend here, is that it?
You people make me sick.
I don't want any money.
It's Binaca.
(through the opened window's cab) Good luck on the pilot Jerry. (the cab pulls away)
(getting up then shouting) SIC SEMPER TYRANNIS! (he jumps over a balcony and on the stage. The crowd is yelling)
So what do you want me to do?
Restitution? You want restitution? Why should I give you restitution?
When you put that fruit out, that's where it ends for me.
I stand behind my fruit.
Hey, you got a bad peach? That's an act of God. He makes the peaches. I don't make the peaches, I sell the peaches. You have a problem? You talk to him.
Well let me put a solution for ya do your business elsewhere, I don't want your business.
No, I don't want your business and from this moment you're banned from the store, you're banned!
How's it going?
All right, all right, just hold it right there.
This fruit isn't for you.
You think I don't know huh? Mangos, plantains, plums with the red on the inside, that's Kramer!
All right, get out!
I'll tell you something else I don't what your business anymore either.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
You're banned.
Well, I was going to watch it with my daughter. She likes Audrey Hepburn very much.
Why didn't you just read the book?
Remy, this is George. Would you mind if he watched Breakfast At Tiffany's with us? (George smiles at Remy. Remy looks at Joe doubtfully.)
What did you want?
Here's some nuts.
The lights are fine. (George shrugs, and the movie begins.)
Hey, honey.
Yeah.
Aw, that's too bad.
This is George Costanza.
I'll pause it, okay? (Pauses the tape with the remote.)
What's the difference?
