(getting up in Helen's face) So how long you folks in town?
Ah
I love France, (moving over to Morty's face) I was just there last year. In fact, you know I still have an envelope full of French Franks, I'll give 'em to ya.
Oh, no, it's a gift. (looking toward Elaine) from us.
You know (to Morty) I have a friend who works at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. How would you like a behind the scenes tour?
(up in Helen's face) Easily
(gets closer) Of course not.
How about right now?
Yes.
(walking over to Elaine and getting into her face) Elaine what do you say?
Oh. (getting into Jerry's face) How about you Jerry?
You sure? You could examine the art work up close.
(Moving toward the door) Alright. We're off.
Bye.
See everybody later (Morty and Helen leave; Aaron closes the door blowing Elaine a kiss)
Ah Jerry you would not believe the time we had.
Well I should be going.
Buh bye.
Oh you must be Kramer (advances on Kramer to close to his face Kramer walks back into the fridge to avoid him and falls to the ground) I've heard about you.
(Laughing) Well see you later.
(leaving) Bye
Helen really seemed to respond to Renoir. I think she really connected to the way he painted children.
And that Morty, I'll tell ya that guy is full of life. (laughs) He was convinced Monet was near sighted. I kept telling him
Yes?
Well, they were in from out of town, I thought they would enjoy it.
No, it was fun.
Yea, they bought me a coke.
(getting up in Aaron's face) Hey Joanne. (turns to Elaine and goes over to her) Hey
I was able to finagle two more tickets to "My Fair Lady" and I thought why not ask Morty and Helen.
We can make a whole day of it.
Are you sure you can't stay a little longer?
Thank you.
I could've done more. I could've done so much more.
(turning toward her) No, I could've called the travel agency, got them on another flight to Paris, I coulda got them out.
(holds his arm up) This watch, this watch could've paid for their whole trip. (holds his other hand up) This ring, this ring is one more dinner I could've taken them out to. (Jerry and Elaine look at each other like he's crazy) Water, they need some water (turns around and runs to the Flight Agent)
(to the Flight Agent) They'll get dehydrated on the plane! Get the Seinfelds some water. Please! Please!
