Would you care for some slippers?
They're gardenias, mostly.
Yes, there are a few of those, too...
We have some *delicious* Chateau Briande, my personal favourite. Or, if you prefer something lighter, a poached Dover sole in a delicate white wine sauce with just a *hint* of saffron.
And today we're featuring wines from the *Tuscany* region...
You're just gonna have to wait...
You're not supposed to get up during the food service.
Look. This plane is *full*. I got a lot of people to serve. Now please... You're just gonna have to wait.
Are you sure?
Would you? Well, the only meal left is a kosher meal.
Look, I got earplugs to collect. Do you want it, or not.
More anything?
Excuse me... Excuuuse me...
What is your name?
[Checks her list] You're going to have to go back to coach.
Yes, but you're still not allowed. These seats are very expensive.
You're going to have to go back to your seat!
Sir, this woman tried to *sneak* into first class.
Are you outta your mind?
This hotdog's been here since the silent era. You'd have to be insane to eat it.
(on your head be it) Okay.
Hey look ..You walk in to this city you got to expect things are gonna stick to your foot. You open in your car and Bing!! Condom.
Here take a few shirts....
I'm terribly sorry Mr Kramer but we can't get your car now, the keys seems to have been misplaced.
Aaye Mr Kramer....You like Cadillacs?
Take that pink Eldorado Cadillac over there , it's a Mary Kay car....
Mary Kay car..
Whats the problem
Haaan! That is all hearsay.
Can't do it'
If you read the agreement you signed the deposit is not refundable.
What can I tell you buddy. Take it up with Consumer Affairs.
Well that's going to be a problem
It's all the way in the back. Can't get it out for a couple of days.
We ask that you please bear with us.
Ideally..
The doctor will be with you in a moment.
He can't see you Miss Benes, he's busy.
I am sorry. It looks like the claim has been red flagged. Your under investigation.
May I help you?
I see and what clinic is that again?
Excuse me.
Really?
