Wow.
You think you're so damn special because you say 'God bless you'?
All right! Take his side!
Well who's side are you taking?!
Hi, it's Michael.
Is Robin there?
Uh, she said she was going to be with you.
If she's not with you, then where is she?
Is she with your bald friend from the other night?!
He's finished! I'm going to sew his ass to his face! I'm going to twist his neck so hard his lips will be his eyebrows! I'm going to break his joints, and reattach them!
I just came from the podiatrist. I have a mole on my foot. I've got a little gangrene, they're probably gonna have to amputate. (everyone laugh except George)
Yeah. What are we looking at here? Is this guy like a real loser?
A man gave me a, you know, massage. (everyone laugh except George)
Well, he-- he had his hands, you know, and uh, he was, huh, ...
He was you know... he was touching and rubbing. (loud laughter)
I think it moved.
What do you mean Danish?
No, they make it in New Jersey. It's just a Danishy name.
I can't remember my lines!!!
I can't relax. I don't know what line! I don't know any of 'em!
Help me Jerry! Help me!
Hey.
New sneakers?
What do you need new sneakers for?
How do you make a decision which one to wear? I'd go crazy if I have to decide which sneakers to wear every day.
Rifkin? Joel Rifkin?
Guess you better keep on his good side.
Hey Elaine listen. If you smell anything decaying in the trunk of his car...
And you know how extremely sensitive she is?
She's gonna need our full support.
Toby, what can I do? Can I get you something?
Toby please let us help. We're family.
Thanks for the lobster, Kramer.
So Kramer, where'd you get all these lobster, at the Fleesher's Market?
The ocean? What'd you mean?
Those are commercial lobster traps. You can't take those lobsters from there. That's against the law.
My father was a lobsterman. He got up every morning at four and came home every night stinking of brine! He sent me through law school with the lobsters he caught! (Kramer stands up from table)
What happened?
Excuse me?
There he is, officer. (Michael points to Kramer, Kramer waves to policeman)
