Ah, Kramer.
Fine.
I just wanted to drop off this Chinese balm for your burns. It's supposed to be great stuff. It's all herbal.
It's nothing.
Oh yeah, I've been at my house in Tuscany.
Well if you're thinking of getting a place there don't bother. There's really nothing available.
(Seeing Elaine) Oh!
Well Hello. And who might you be?
It is my very great pleasure. (Kisses Elaine's hand)
Well I have to be going.
Oh. Love it when that happeneds.
Coincidental.
Ciao.
And then about four years ago I was on holiday in Tuscany.
And I fell in love with this house.
Good question. (to waiter) We'll need a few minutes.
You know, I'm sorry but, I didn't mention it earlier but actually I preferred to be called Maestro.
Well, ya know I am a conductor.
Oh I suppose it's O.K. for Leonard Burnstein to be called Maestro because he conducted the New York Philharmonic. So he gets to be called Maestro and I don't.
I happen to know for a fact, that he was called Maestro in social situations. I once saw him at a bar and someone came up to him and said "Hello Maestro, how about a beer". O.K. So that's a fact.
Beethoven's 7th.
Oh yeah?
You didn't find one, did you?
Nor should you.
The houses are passed down from generation to generation, it's very hard.
It's booked solid!
Got lucky. Come on, Elaine, let's take a ride, I was about to pop in some Verdi.
I told you, it's paradise.
Unfortunately those photographs are at home.
(Agreeing to a game) Ah, then I shall be there. And now, Gentlemen, (Making dramatic actions) if you will excuse me - I must prepare for the symphony.
(Noticing the expressions) Ohh, my pants. (Begins putting on a near-by pair of pants) It's an old conductor's trick I learned from Leonard Bernstein.
You keep a perfect crease by not sitting in them before the performance.
I've seen that man in Tuscany. Eccentric fellow. Reputation of being kind of a village idiot.
(Recognizing the currently playing song) Ohh, I love this piece. (Turns it up, then pantomimes that he is conducting the instruments)
(Sighs slightly) I, uh, think I'll get some air. (Slowly leaves)
(Making his exit, he lays the charm on Mrs. Costanza) Madame, you have been an extremely gracious hostess. (Kisses her hand)
Elaine? What a surprise.
Ohh.. (Looking at the box) Ori-dent - that electric toothbrush I've heard so much about..
Ohh, what a sweet gesture. And autographed poster of my favorite tenor, with.. those two other guys. Oh, Elaine, this is magnifico!
Oh, Elaine.. wait for me after the concert? We'll celebrate.
