(Agreeing) Hm Hm. Oh what is that like Italian coffee?
Half milk, half coffee?
Hm Hm. You take a sip?
Now when you took a sip, did you notice it was hot? Were you able to sip it in your normal fashion?
Hm Hm. All right, all right. You take big sips?
O.K. You take normal sips. Nothing wrong with that. Then what happened?
Yeah, see they like to sell their own coffee.
Yeah that's going to be a problem. It's gonna be a problem for them. This a clear violation of your rights as a consumer. It's an infringement on your constitutional rights. It's outrageous, egregious, preposterous.
So. Then what happened?
Was there a top on it?
Now did you put the top on or did they put the top on for you?
And they made the top. You didn't make the top did you?
(To secretary over intercom) Suzie. I want you to go down to Java World. Get me a cafe latte with a top. (To Kramer) We're gonna run some test on that top. Have you been to the doctor?
(To secretary over intercom) Suzie. Call Dr. Bison. Set up an appointment for Mr. Kramer here. Tell him it's from me.
Jackie.
Do we have a chance? You get me one coffee drinker on that jury, you gonna walk outta there a rich man.
You put the balm on? Who told you to put the balm on? I didn't tell you to put the balm on. Why'd you put the balm on? You haven't even been to see the doctor. If your gonna put a balm on, let a doctor put a balm on.
Your damn right you screwed up. Where the hell did you get that damm balm anyway?
The who? What are you talking about Maestro?
Oh oh oh, so a Maestro tells you to put a balm on and you do it?
I tell you what this is. This is a public humiliation.
Do you know what a balm is? Have you ever seen a balm? Didn't you read the instructions?
(interrupts) No one can tell what a balm's gonna do. They're unpredictable.
(To cab driver) Pull over here driver this is it.
I'll take it? Who told you to take it? Did I tell you to take it?
I know the Maestro didn't tell you to take it, he wasn't there.
Free coffee?
I don't want free coffee. It's not hard to get coffee. I can get my own
20 years practicing law I've never experienced anything like this.
So you're driving in the car, you're with your friend, minding your own business?
Then what happened?
No top? She didn't have a top on?
Well how would you describe this woman? Would you say she was an attractive woman?
So we got an attractive woman, wearing a bra, no top, walkin' around in broad daylight. She's flouting society's conventions!
That's totally inappropriate. It's lewd, lascivious, salacious, outrageous!
Could you repeat that?
O'Henry? That's one of our top-selling candy bars. It's got chocolate, peanuts, nougat, it's delicious, scrumptious, outstanding! Have you been to a doctor?
Susie, call Dr. Bison, set up an appointment for Mr. Kramer, tell him it's for me.
Like taking candy from a baby.
So it was the meeting on the street that prompted you to buy the bra for Miss Mishke, would you say that was correct?
And you have also brought with you, another bra, (goes over to the table and pulls a bra out of a bag) exactly like, the one that she so flagrantly exhibited herself in!
Uh, what was you golf score, the last round you played uh, before you shoulder was injured?
Oooohhhh, three under par, HmmThat's what the professionals shoot, isn't it?
Well would you tell this jury exactly what you saw at the corner of 83rd Street and Columbus?
Well, did you, or did you not, see the defendant, wearing the bra?
Mr. Seinfeld, I might remind you that you are under oath. Now I ask you again, did you or did you not, see this woman wearing a bra?!?
No further questions, your honor.
Well Kramer, I think we got this wrapped up.
No, no, no, no!
Stan? Who the hell is Stan?
You're caddy?!? This is a big mistake!
Your honor, we request at this time, that Miss Mishke...try on the bra.
Damn fools! Look at that! We got nothin' now, nothin'! I've been practicing law for 25 years, you're listenin' to a caddy!
This is a public humiliation! You can't let the defendant, have control of the key piece of evidence. Plus, she's trying it on over a leotard, of course a bra's not gonna fit on over a leotard. A bras gotta fit right up against a person's skin, like a glove!
Attempted murder? Of whom?
Oh. (hesitantly) Cosmo Kramer?
(adamant) I don't want nothing to do with it.
My vacation was restful, splendid, magnificent. In fact, next time I'm plannin' on going to Kofu.
Oh no.
No way, Kramer. You've brought nothing but a mountain of misfortune and humiliation. Now get out.
I said out.
The who?
I've been wanting a piece of them for years.
Did that cigarette warning label mention anything about damage to your appearance?
So you're a victim. Now your face is shallow, unattractive, disgusting.
Your face is my case.
Miss Wilkie, your tobacco company has turned this beautiful specimen, into a horrible twisted freak.
Rugged? The man's a goblin. He's only been exposed to smoke for four days. By the time this case gets to trial, he'll be nothing more than a shrunken head.
You better believe it. Jackie's cashin' in on your wretched disfigurement.
It's a little puzzling we haven't gotten that offer yet.
A pow-wow? Who told you to have a pow-wow? I didn't tell you to have pow-wow.
How much?
No money? Then what'd we get?
This is the most public yet of my many humiliations.
