Hello.
Okay. (turns around and walks out with an exaggerated swing of her hips)
Jerry!
(Reminding him who she is) Sally Weaver! (Sees Jerry's expression - he still has no clue who she is) Susan Ross' roommate from college.. hello! (Laughs slightly)
Saw it? I loved it! And thank you for the free tickets. You are so funny.
(Serious) No, no, I mean it. You're very funny.
Oh, anyway, let me show you Memphis. I am taking you (Points to him) out to dinner.
Ohh.. that's too bad.. Susan thought we'd really get along - I guess because we're both wacko! (Jerry laughs) You know what, um.. (Turns around, picking up a large gift from a table) You have to give this to them for me. Okay? Here. (Hands the box to Jerry, he struggles under the size of it) It's a wedding present.
And Jerry? Be careful with it, okay? Be very careful.
(Through the intercom) It's Sally.
A whole case.
(Peppy) Well, here I am!
(Setting the box down on his table) Actually, the seat next to me was empty, so, there was no problem at all.
That's right. It's a special gourmet sauce. "The Pride of Memphis!"
This is much better. And frankly, in Memphis, we think that other sauce as (Whispering) kind of a joke.
You could just do your material.
Hello?
Hi Jerry, it's Sally!
No, but he should be home soon.
Is this for your comedy routine?
(Gasps) Don't worry. (Like a detective) I'm on the case.
Hey there, Mr. Hairy legs!
Don't worry, I brought your doll.. (Pulls out an extremely different doll - this one resembles a baker) Tada!
Jerry, I saw the doll you were talking about - not funny! This doll's much funnier. Look, it has a little bowtie, and a cute little hat.. I think it's a riot!
Oh well, I'll be watching. (Sets the doll down, then crosses her fingers) Don't screw up. (Leaves)
Hey there Mr. Too big to come to my shows. I just came back from (?) Whoooooooo.....I'm on my way to an audition still waiting for that big break.
(nods) Hehumm!!
Really?
Yeah! You've been stinking since the Eighties.
Right!, Yesss!! Thank you I'm gonna do it. (starts to eat her food)
No, no.. It's just a little performance piece I wrote... You know what? You really inspired me,oKay, a tear.
Hi everybody think you're really going to like this 'cos it' about me...All right it's not just about me It's about me and this guy; Jerry Seinfeld. who I like to call; The Devil...Okay, Okay so.. I run into this Jerry on the street and he says to me " Sally, You stink, You should give up acting." Oh! I'm doing Jerry Now so you've got imagine I have ; horns, a tail and hooks instead of feet. (big laughs from the audience and Kramer is cracking up)
Jerry, sorry I'm late. Channel Nine is doing a piece on my show. Isn't that great? Do you hate me?
Well...That is the title.
You know I workshopped that and.. SNOOZERS!!! he he he....but I'll tell you what I'll think... It's all a journey.
You know I really do look like your friend Jerry.
Ok so I go to meet Jerry Seinfeld at this horrible coffee shop right? And he's like "Hey stop doing your show." and I'm like, Hello! It's a free country. So then he goes." Okay Shmootsie" and he starts pulling at my sweater right?. He's getting, you know, Hands Across America.
...And this is what he looks like when he's eating...
To cease and desist on behalf of my client, Jerry Seinfeld. Signed ; Crybaby Jerry Seinfeld's Lawyer. Ok but I got two words for you Jerry Seinfeld...(censored beep)...You
(joining Kramer) Hey! Your Jerry's friend. You're Goofy, mind if I sit. My show is going really well. Have you seen it yet? you should. Everybody else have and you know what? I got recognized the other day, How weird is that. I know . At first I liked the attention but it's like Whoa!! take three steps back, Get a life, okay. but then there wouldn't be a Sally Weaver without the fans, know what I mean. But who am I? anyway. I mean there's Sally weaver the woman, Sally Weaver the artist, Sally Weaver the person...
Well, lay it on me string bean.
(on TV) Master of Evil Jerry Seinfeld has broke off all contacts with me.
..OK get this; I heard he makes his best friend date women that look just like him.Hello issues..
Oh and speaking of issues . Guess who got a no-polish manicure and begged his neighbor not to tell anyone?
