Elaine,
Yes I did. Yes I did. ... Maureen this water is still too cold.
How's your father?
Yeah. You, you went to see him, right?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh. So, what was wrong with him?
But--but he's feeling better now?
(correcting her) Boo-eed.
You said "boyed."
Yeah.
Well, I got a plane to catch.
Going to Houston. It's a publisher's convention. (beat) Can I have my sports section?
I've been saving it for the plane. I never miss the Sunday sports section.
Right, right. (starts to take the paper from Elaine's hand; Elaine holds on tight.) What, what are you doing?
Gotta go.
(into phone)...yeah, yeah. But she wouldn't take the cap off? (beat) But didn't she know they were the owner's seats? (beat) Aw, that's unbelievable. (beat) Yeah. Okay. Alright Lenny, thanks again. Take care. (hangs up the phone, and then, to Elaine) That was Lenny West, my accountant, who is a hell of a guy. And he handles the Yankees too; it's his biggest account. So every once in a while they throw him a couple of seats and last weekend he gave them to his daughter. She's an artist, by the way. Anyway, her daughter gives 'em to some friends, you know. One of her friends shows up wearing a Baltimore cap! (beat) You're from Baltimore, right?
Yeah, but you're an Oriole fan, right?
Anyway, she refused to take the cap off; caused a whole big scene!
Yeah.
Yeah, so Lenny gave me the tickets for tomorrow night. I'm inviting Frank and Marsha. 'Wantcha to come.
Well, break 'em. You missed the bris, I want you at the game.
Good. (Elaine stars to leave) Oh--and Elaine. You know the Baltimore cap you got in your office? Wear it. I'm gonna have a little fun with him.
I was just uh going over the Jake Jarmel book and I understand you worked with him very closely on this.
And uh, anyway I was just reading your final edit and um, there seems to be an inordinate number of exclamation points.
Ah, (reads an excerpt) "It was damp and chilly afternoon, so I decided to put on my sweatshirt!"
You put exclamation point after sweatshirt?
I see, (reads another excerpt) "I pulled the lever on the machine, but the Clark bar didn't come out!" Exclamation point?
Get rid of the exclamation points...
I hate exclamation points...
Uh, excuse me. Are you uh, selling this Indian?
Uh, I'm just uh, redecorating my office in a south-western motif and this'd be perfect. Give you five hundred dollars for it?
Yeah? Could you help me bring it up to my office, I'm right next door. Pendant Publishing.
(entering, smoking a cigar and with a handful of cash) Listen uh, petty cash just had tens and twenties. (hands cash to Kramer) Go ahead, count it.
You like that, huh? I had that custom made for me in Santa Fe.
What book?
About coffee tables?
That's fantastic. (Elaine looks gobsmacked) Who's your publisher?
Yeah? (to Elaine) You see, this is the kind of idea you should be coming in with. What the hell do you do round here all day anyway?
(ignoring Elaine) God, that Indian really completes the room. Don't you think?
We have got you in a very nice hotel, I-I don't know how you like to work, but ah, I can arrange for an office if you like.
Oh.
You know, Tolstoy use to write in the village square. The faces inspired him.
Yes.
What?
Elaine
Elaine
It (frustrated and trying to keep her from saying more)
No. e-Elaine.
It-no- it's just her sense of humor.
Its Not
No Its Not!!
it-it-its her purse.
It's coming from your purse.
YesTurn it off.
No its the Button. Elaine
It's the button at the top, the top.
The one at the top.
Yeah Ohoo.
It's no secret that it's my dream to have my own publishing house, and if this Jake Jarmel book does, you know, what I think it's gonna do. If I can get this whole thing off the ground, then , you know, I think I'll have something for you. (laughs)
Yeah, by the way, those are great glasses.
Uh huh. Very unusual.
What?
Oh, no no no. (waves them away) Please.
Really?
(accepting) I could use a new pair of reading glasses.
(putting on spectacles) Oh yeah?
(at lectern) And now, uh, ladies and gentlemen of the press, it is my pleasure to introduce you to Mr Jake Jarmel. (he applauds Jake as he vacates the lectern in his favour)
Oh, actually I, uh, I have some very interesting information on that. (puts on glasses) You know, uh, this is a co-venture and as...
... as such, it...
(confused) Where... what?
Oh, Rubin, get me another tray of lowfat cranberry.
Oh, Elaine. My boy's a man today. Can you believe it? He's a man.
Who wants cookies?
What?
So, that's the type of guy you're looking for?
That's simply not true.
You are wrong. I'll prove it.
I renounce Judaism!
