Your background is impressive George, but how does it apply to what we do here, at Kruger Industrial Smoothing?
It says here that you worked at Play Now for four days?
George, I have to honest; I could go either way with you...but what the hell, we need someone, huh.
I don't care. Let's find you an office.
Hey George, hey Doc. We doing the screening here?
How long have you been doing this Dr. Van Nostrand?
So, how am I looking?
George, come in. I'm just going over our annual report...boy did we take it on the chin last year.
I'm not too worried about it.
George, take a look at this photo. This is taken 10 years ago. That mole looks exactly as it does today. So, there's no cause for concern, eh?
Actually, funny thing about this photo. We were at the beach and there was this dumb looking guy near by. When he went in for a swim, my sons and I took all his stuff and threw it in the ocean! What a pear shaped loser.
Well, I'll be...you have lost a lot of hair.
Not if you could see our books.. what's this?
Whatever. (Walks off)
George, I got something for you. (Pulls a check from his pocket) I'm suppose to find a charity and throw some of the company's money at it. They all seem the same to me, so, what's the difference? (Hands the check to George)
Made out to the Human Fund. (Tries to enter his office, but it's locked) Oh, damn. I've locked myself out of my office again. Oh well. I'm going home.
George, we have a problem. There's a memo, here, from accounting telling me there's no such thing as the Human Fund.
But there isn't.
George, I don't get it. If there's no Human Fund, those donation cards were fake. You better have a damn good reason why you gave me a fake Christmas gift.
Vemonous?
Are you making all this up, too?
Yeah, you probably should.
I find your belief system fascinating.
(Sipping liquor from a flask) How about George?
According to our latest quarterly thing,Kruger Industrial Smoothing is heading into the red. Or the black, or whatever the bad one is. Any thoughts?
Works for me. Good thinking, George.
Are you done? Silly voices, c'mon people, let's get real.
...And it gets worse. The team working on the statue in Lafayette Square kind of over-smoothed it. They ground the head down to about the size of a softball, and that spells trouble.
They're all off the project. They were boring. George, you are my main man.
I don't know what it is, I can't put my finger on it, but lately you have just seemed 'on'. And you always leave me wanting more.
Ah, I'm not too worried about it. Let's get started.
George? Check it out. (He begins to spin around in his chair) Three times around, no feet.
All me.
I'm not too worried about it.
Alright, alright I'm going.
You seem like you've got a pretty good handle on it.
K-uger, that sounds like one of those old-time car horns, huh? K-uger! K-uger!
(getting up to leave) Thank you George, you've been great. That's it for me.
It's K-uger!
Goodnight everybody!
Let's order lunch.
Mary, I will have a chef's salad.
For lunch?
Watkins, you're havin' a T-bone?
Well, then we should call you T-bone.
T-bone!
Hey, look at George. He's givin' it to T-bone. He's jumpin' up and down like some kind of monkey. Hey, what was the name of that monkey that could read sign language?
Koko the monkey.
Hey, Koko, Who's this?
So you're just hiring new people now? That's your job, to hire people?
Ok, good enough for me, Koko.
Ahem. Now, what's your name?
We can't have 2 Cocos. So I guess you're back to being George.
All right, the Grace building. There's a big stain on the front. How do we get it off?
Who's Gammy?
Maybe there should be a Gammy.
George.
