(In a hurry) Oh, your friend's fine. He didn't have a heart attack. I'll be in - in a few minutes.
(To Elaine) Uh, hello. (To George) Uh, Mr. Costanza?
Well, we looked at your EKG's, ran some tests, did a complete work-up.
And you simply haven't had a heart attack.
No, actually, we'd like to keep him here overnight for observation, just to be safe.
Well, I wouldn't go that far.
Have you ever had your tonsils taken out?
Well, they've grown back. Your adenoids are swollen too.
It happens.
That's interesting. Because, no one in my family has their tonsils, and we were forbidden to socialize with tonsil people.
Anyway, I strongly recommend they come out.
Yes. With a knife. You know, snip, snip. Anyway, you'd be completely under, you wouldn't feel a thing. And when you wake up, you can have some ice cream.
Think about it. (Turns to leave, but runs into Elaine) Excuse me.
..The tongue.. yes, the tongue.. or, in medical terms, the glossa. It's a muscular organ.. Consists of two parts.. the body, and the root.. You see, it's covered by this mucous membrane.. These little raised projections are the papillae, which give it that furry appearance. Very tactile..
You see, taste buds run on grooves along the surfaces.
What?
(Lets go) Oh, sorry.
I was going to kiss you good night.
Hi Roy.
A-hu. (The doctor is at a loss)
I just wanted to stop by -- see if you had any questions about tomorrow's operation.
Are you asking because you saw "20/20" last night?
Well that report was about *one* very specific type of retractor and I can assure you we do not use that retractor in your friend's procedure.
We have to...
Tell you what. You're obviously concerned about your friend's welfare. A few of my students will be observing tomorrow's operation from the viewing gallery. How would you like to watch it with them?
Now we'll open the peritoneal cavity, exposing the body's internal organs. Nurse-- retractor.
Y'know... I don't want to totally discount the emotional element in your recovery but, I think there were other factors at play here.
I have no medical evidence to back me up but, something happened during the operation that staved off that infection. Something beyond science. Something perhaps, from above...
Those can be very refreshing.
Oh yeah. Yeah. I've never seen this before.
I'm gonna have to take a biopsy on that. (George grabs the doctor's arm)
A biopsy.
Yeah.
Well I don't know what it is.
Uh huh. Yes, well, I'm going to have to be perfectly honest with you.
I've examined you.
I've looked at your X-rays.
And I find that there's absolutely nothing wrong with you.
Nothing, that would indicate involuntary spasms.
No, not really.
May I suggest the possibility that you're faking?
I don't know what kind of a person would do something like that. Obviously a very sick person. A very immature person. A person who has no regard for wasting other people's valuable time. Good-bye.
I said, good-bye.
No of course not. People ask me medical questions all the time.
Elaine, Im used to it. Im a doctor.
Huh?
I went to podiatry school because I like feet. I chose to work with feet.
Saying what?
Well its my fault. I got a little defensive.
Its my favorite toe.
No youre not.
Oh uh, wheres the bathroom?
(Thinking to himself) "Fungicide"? Fungus?
The results of your sperm test are in.
Ummm... Are you planning to start a family?
Yes, I'm afraid you're a little low.
Ah--that's not necessarily true.
There are measures you can take to improve your fertility.
First thing you should wear boxer shorts.
All the time. Ya have to get off Jockeys right away.
Which one is the son?
Ah. I'm Doctor Cooperman. I just want you to know that this won't take long. And he's going to be fine.
She's too weak to talk but she'll be happy to hear your voice.
I'll need a urine sample.
Excuse me , Are you the husband?
Well , I'm sorry.....She's gone.
She expired.
Yes , of course.
Yes
Let me ask you ; Had she been exposed to any kind of inexpensive glue?
We found traces of a certain toxic adhesive commonly found in very low priced envelopes.
That's probably what did it.
Elaine. You shouldn't be reading that. So tell me about this rash of yours.
Well that was a long time ago. How about if I just erase it. Now about that rash......
All right Miss Benes. This doesn't look to serious. You'll be fine.
Well Elaine you really didn't have to put on the gown.
All rightly. Let me just review your history before we begin.
From your last doctor. It's a standard procedure.
Okay. Let's take a look. Well that doesn't look to serious. You'll be fine.
Well George, your vision is quite impaired. If you'll just sign this insurance form, here's a pen.
Hmm. Looks like a minor concussion. Let me see what I can do to relieve the swelling.
Oh, exactly the same.
Wait a minute, she's coming out of the coma.
Mrs Allbright, can you hear me? Are you okay?
Mr. Costanza. ..your legs have sustained extensive trauma. Apparently your body was in the state of advanced atrophy, due to a period of extreme inactivity. But with a lot of hard work and a little bit of luck, I think there's a good chance you may, one day, walk again.
There's been massive trauma. We could of course try to save him but, it would be costly, difficult and we'd have to send away for some special really tiny instruments.
We, could put him to sleep.
Well it's by the pound. So ... about 80 cents.
He, um. He's not going to be the same, you know?
No. Fortunately, the special tiny instruments arrived just in time. Would you like to visit him?
You uh, You have 30 minutes. (Doctor exits. George turns and looks towards the doctor)
One more thing Mister Costanza, we just need to know what time you'll be picking him up tomorrow.
Oh, we're discharging the squirrel. We think he'll be better off at home.
Hmm-hm. Your home, Mister Costanza. Just make sure he gets his medicine six times a day and keep his tail elevated. (exits)
