So they got Jackie Chiles, huh? (Sets down the newspaper) Uh hmm. You know what that means. This whole place is going to be swarming with media by the time this thing is over. You're not going to be able to find a hotel room in this town. The whole country is going to be watching us. Now we got to do whatever it takes to win it, no matter what the cost. The big issue in this trial is going to be character. I want you to find out everything you can about these people - and I mean everything.
We are, Your Honor.
Ladies and gentlemen, last year, our City Council by a vote of twelve to two, passed a Good Samaritan Law. Now, essentially, we made it a crime to ignore a fellow human being in trouble. Now this group from New York not only ignored, but, as we will prove, they actually mocked the victim as he was being robbed at gunpoint. I can guarantee you one other thing, ladies and gentlemen, this is not the first time they have behaved in this manner. On the contrary, they have quite a record of mocking and maligning. This is a history of selfishness, self-absorption, immaturity, and greed. And you will see how everyone who has come into contact with these four individuals has been abused, wronged, deceived and betrayed. This time, they have gone too far. This time they are going to be held accountable. This time, they are the ones who will pay.
We are, Your Honor. Call Officer Matt Vogel to the stand.
So they were just standing there?
Did one of them have a video camera?
Your Honor, with the court's permission, we would like to play back that video and enter it into evidence as Exhibit A.
So they just stood there and did nothing?
No further questions.
Call Mabel Choate to the stand.
Your Honor, the prosecution has gone to great lengths and considerable cost to find these character witnesses.It is imperative that we establish this is not merely an isolated incident. It's part of a pattern of anti-social behavior that's been going on for years.
Now, Mrs. Choate, would you please tell the court what happen the evening of January 4th.
Let the record show that she is pointing at Mr. Seinfeld.
What did he want?
Your marble rye?
And then you left the bakery.
But it didn't end there, did it, Mrs. Choate?
No further questions.
I call Marla Penny to the stand.
And what was your connection to the defendants?
Then on the evening of October 28, there was an abrupt end to that relationship. Tell us what happened.
It's alright. Take your time.
A what?
Yes?
Contest?
What was the nature of the contest?
It's okay.
Yes?
Call Donald Sanger to the stand.
So Donald, would you please tell the court about the incident that occurred in your house, October 7th, 1992.
So Mr. Costanza parked in a handicapped spot, and as a result you got in an accident, and your wheelchair was destroyed?
And then Mr. Kramer gave you a used wheelchair?
So you were the doctor on duty the night Susan Ross died?
So you broke the news to Mr. Costanza? Could you tell the court, please, what his reaction was?
Call Sidra Holland to the stand.
So you met Jerry Seinfeld in a health club sometime in 1993?
And you also met Miss Benes in that same health club?
Would you describe the circumstances of that meeting.
So, she pretended to trip, and she fell into your breasts?
Why would she do something like that?
State your name.
And what's your occupation?
What does a library cop do?
Anyone in this room ever delinquent?
How long was his book overdue?
What do you call them?
So you and Mr. Costanza were dating.
And then what happened?
Uromycitisis! I wonder if they're having any trouble controlling themselves during this trial? Perhaps these two hooligans would like to have a pee party right here in the courtroom!
Alright, Detective, then what happened?
So Cosmo Kramer was, in fact, a pimp.
So you asked Mr. Seinfeld if he would wear your puffy shirt on the Today Show?
Excuse me?
Call George Steinbrenner to the stand.
So George Costanza came to work for you in May of 1994?
What was that?
Cock fighting?
How did she try to kill you?
Call Yev Kassem to the stand.
State your name.
Could you spell that?
How do you know the defendants?
The state calls Mr. Babu Bhatt to the stand.
You came a long way to be here today, haven't you?
And what's your connection to the defendant?
And then what happened?
