Hey Jerry.
Pleasure.
Lets not even talk about it.
(to Jerry then both Jerry and George) But I got a big problem. The kid I stand in for, he's growing. He was four feet last month, now he's like four-two and a half. He shot up two and a half inches. I can do four-two, four-three is a stretch, any higher than that and I'm gonna be out on my ass doing that para-legal crap.
I offered him cigarettes, (to Jerry and George) but his stupid mother is hanging around. She won't let him have any.
(to Kramer) Out of the question.
(turns and moves up to George, points his finger at him) It's little people, you got that?
Lifts?! Look Kramer you don't understand, this kind of thing is just not done.
Ya but..
Kramer
(quickly with no acting) How long you going to be away for Daddy?
(tugs on Kramer's coat) Don't go Daddy, don't...go.
Ah! (pauses for the hug) Alright (Kramer still holding on) Alright! Kramer! (pushes Kramer off him)
Quiet.
Hey Tammy.
(looks at Kramer) Not that I know of.
How about lunch?
Ya!
All of a sudden.
How you doin' Johnny?
Maybe. What's it to you?
I got my hair cut that's all (turns to look at Kramer)
You don't, you got the same ugly mug since the day I met ya.
(to Kramer) Johnny Vigiano went through my locker.
(slamming the door) That little Bastard! He saw the lifts in my shoes. He knows I'm heightening. (to Kramer) This never would have happened if you hadn't pushed me to get those things. I told you.
Ya well just keep out of my business you big ape. (pushes Kramer)
You (grabs Kramer)
I'm sorry Kramer.
Oh, he's always been jealous of me. I always get to stand in for the bigger stars; The Cosby Kids, Ricky Schroder, Macaulay Culkin.
He's a good kid.
You don't understand. There's an unwritten code about this kind of thing. I could be ostracized. I remember when I was a kid, some guy tried to heighten. He lost his job, lost his friends, Everything. Oh, I knew I was crazy to try this kind of thing, but I was so desperate. (pauses laying on the couch; jumps up) What is this kid taking anyway? Hormones? Steroids? Would you tell me!?
Rock, paper, scissors match.
Alright, rock beats paper.
Nah, rock flies right through paper.
(looks at his hand) Nothing beats rock.
Rock, paper, scissors match.
Rock
Rock, paper, scissors match.
Rock.
Hey Bob. What's with you? You gotta problem? (to Kramer) You see that look he gave me? (starts to get up to go after him)
Rock, paper, scissors match.
Rock.
Hey Tammy.
So Tammy, finally, today's our big lunch.
Why not? What the hell are you talking about?
Wait, wait (goes to grab her arm)
Wait a second, wait a second, you got me all wrong. It was all because of the kid. (numerous little people begin to crowd around them) (to Tammy) The kid was growing. He shot up two and a half inches in a month. (to all the little people) I woulda lost my job. Any one of you would have done the same. You got no right! I'm Mickey Abbott! I stood in for Punky Bruster when all of you was nothing. (seeing the crowd still doesn't agree with what he did, he points at Kramer) It's all his fault. (Kramer acts like he doesn't know what Mickey is talking about) It was his idea.
(in complete disgust as seeing Tammy leave with Johnny) AH! (turns and looks at Kramer) AH!
AH!
Come on get your bead on. We're going to be late.
Not Donna, it's Donner.
Yeah, right!. On Prancer, on Dancer, on Donna, on Ethyl, on Harriet.
There is no break.
Watch it!
Look, you take that commie crap out into the street.
Don't listen to him Kramer, you've got a good job here.
What does that mean?
So what if I want to open up a delicatessen?
Why not?
So you can't get Corned Beef?
Hey, kid, quiet. Were did a nice little boy like you learn such a bad word like that? Huh?
Santa is not a Commie. He just forgot how his good friend stuck his neck out for him to get him a good job like this. Didn't he Santa!
I got two kids in college.
That was quick! Nice job, Santa!
I knew that Commie stuff was going to get us in trouble.
Communism, You didn't realize Communism was a sensitive issue? What do you think has been going on in the world for the past 60 years? Wake up and smell the coffee.
You sure did. Big time.
I'm very nervous. I'm auditioning to be in the Actor's Studio tonight.
Kramer's going to be my scene partner.
He doesn't have to say anything, he just has to sit there. I'm playing a detective.
(stands up) Sorry my scene partner isn't here yet so I guess uh..(Kramer enters and runs into some chairs) Oh
(quietly talking to Kramer) What's with the jeans you're supposed to be a business man
Well just get up there
So, Bradley. I guess this is the last place you expected to find yourself.
Well we're gonna be here a while so take a seat. (Kramer starts trying to sit down, Mickey has his back to him and gets out a pack of cigarettes, Mickey then turns around once he has his cigarette to find Kramer struggling to sit down) You know if it hadn't been for that secretary of yours...I said sit down! (Kramer still trying to sit down, Mickey throws the pack of cigarettes to the floor) Are you deaf Bradley?! I said sit down!
(almost starts to laugh) Bradley! (looking to the crowd) It's very important that you sit down (Kramer still trying to sit down) Now for the last time, (angry) Try again to Sit Down! (Running at Kramer with his arms in the air) Sit down you big stupid Ape! (Mickey tackles Kramer)
Right, the rage. Tons of rage.
(phone rings, sighs, answers) Hello?
Oh Hi Kramer. What do you want, I'm a little busy.
What? Now? I can't
Oh alright, alright. I'll be right over.
Why don't you just cut the stupid pants and get them off already/
What am I gonna do in here?
Goodnight
We're double dating tonight, and if we wear the same shirt we'll look like idiots.
Oh, thank you. It's 100 cotton, and some wool.
Yeah, well I'm wearin' it.
I like Merlot.
If you had gotten into the backseat of the car we could've figured this whole thing out.
Not for you! Who holds a door open for a man?
Let's just put they're names in a hat.
I'm not sure she was my type.
What the hell does that mean?
That's it, it's go time! (Charges toward Kramer, only to be held back by Jerry and Elaine)
That's not bad.
Yeah, why should we knock ourselves out?
No, no one wears the shirt next time.
We'll look like idiots. (They exit)
I told you we should've gotten here a half hour early.
All right, don't panic. Let's just decide now. Which one do you want?
I knew you wanted her. That's who I wanted.
No, no, you think I'm fallin' for that? I'll take Karen.
Hey Jerry. Where's Kramer? I've got exciting news.
Karen and I are getting married.
(To Beth) How many is that for you?
You're a lightweight. Come on, honey.
Hey Jerry.
Aah-choo.
They assign you a specific disease and you act out the symptoms. It's an easy gig.
HUAAHHH!!
HUAAHHH!!
Bacterial Meningitis. Jackpot!
Sorry buddy, this is the "Hamlet" of diseases. Severe pain, nausea, delusions, it's got everything.
Cirrhosis of the liver with jaundice! Alright I get to wear make-up! What did you get?
Oh, my liver! Why did I drink all those years? Why did I look for love in a bottle?
Wait a minute. You are doing gonorrhea, aren't you?
Hey! That's my cirrhosis! He's stealing my cirrhosis! (he jumps Kramer) You wanna be sick? I'll make you sick.
You gave me gonorrhea, you didn't even tell me!
