"I called this meeting because we......have........a problem. For the last few months someone has been stealing equipment from the club. Until recently it's been little things, y'know; bases, batting helmets, donuts, but two nights ago they pulled the big one. "
"They took a pitching machine, a batting cage ,the in-field tarp and all of Mr Steinbrenner's vitamins.. Now , we have reasons to believe it's an inside job."
"If anybody here knows anything about it I recommend strongly that...you come forward."
"So George. Have you heard anything about the missing equipment?"
"George, there's nothing I hate more than a liar."
"Are you feeling all right George?"
"You look a little warm."
"You're a terrible liar George. Look at you, you're a wreck!. you're sweating bullets."
George, have you seen Morgan?
He's been coming in late all week. Is there something wrong?
Really? Make sure he signs this. Oh, look George, if there's a problem with Morgan you can tell me.
I understand.
Have you seen Morgan?
No, He's late.
Now, George, you don't have to cover for him any more. He's going to be gone soon and I'm going to recommend you for his job.
I still want to know what happened to that birthday card? Now, Morgan, did you ever sign it?
What's this?
George, this is beautiful. Why didn't you tell me you were going to have it mounted like this?
Ha ha ha ha ha, George, keep up the good work.
George, we just got the final budget numbers. We went over budget on some of the items, but I don't think there's gonna be a problem. (hands over the budget file to a very annoyed George) I'll let you get back to work, George. (Mr. Wilhelm leaves the office)
George...I think you may be taking work a little too seriously.
George, I'll tell you what I'd like you to do. I, I'd like you to drop everything.
I have this... fun little assignment I think you'll enjoy. There's some reps in from the Houston Astros for talks on that interleague play... and I want you to show them a good time.(George acts like "ok, you're the boss")
George! George, get a hold of yourself!
What's the matter with you?!
George!?
I'm sorry to interrupt you, but Mr. Steinbrenner and I really want you to know we appreciate all the hours you've been putting in Oh, and, ah, confidentially, Sozonkel, our Assistant to the General Manger, hasn't really been working out. And the boss thinks you're the man for the job! So, keep it under your hat!
Mr. Steinbrenner, I am very concerned about George Costanza.
Oh yes sir, good morning, good morning, sir.
Uh-a Anyway, his car's in the parking lot, the front end is bashed in, and there's blood in the car, and we can't find him anywhere. Obviously he was in some sort of a terrible car accident, and trooper that he is, he tried to make it into work, sir.
Yes sir. (he starts backing up to the door.)
Yes sir, yes sir. (Opening the door)
Yes sir.
(from behind the closed door in the hallway)Yes sir.
Ah, Mr. Steinbrenner, you know, w-we've searched everywhere, th-there's no sign of him. n-n-Not even anyone who remotely fits his description, sir.
What, sir?
No no no sir. Well, you see, I don't think--
Yessir?
Parents.
Yessir. (he starts backing up to the door.)
Right. Yessir.
Yes Sir! (closes the door)
(from behind the closed door in the hallway) Yes Sir!
And you can tell the players that I reimburse the trainer for the cigarettes and the dive checks.
The trainer, George. Tell the players I'll reimburse the trainer. What's the matter with you? This is the third time I've had to repeat myself.
Look, sorry doesn't cut it. We're running a ball club here George. You've got to pay attention.
Lemme see, I uh, I had an assignment for you... uh.
Lemme think here.
...when you're done George, and bring it directly to me. Mr Steinbrenner is very interested in this.
(drying his hands and heading for the door) Yes, George. I want you to make this project a top priority.
(exiting) Top priority.
(entering the office) Yes George.
Yes, well I trust things are moving smoothly. Mr Steinbrenner's counting on you, you know.
(confusion) Get started? I don't understand, George.
You mean you haven't been to payroll?
Well, what's the problem? Now come on George. I told the big man you were moving on this. Now, don't let him down!
So...
...did you go down to payroll?
(pleased) Well then, I guess you'll be heading downtown then, huh?
Well, I'm very interested to see how this thing turns out.
Oh no, you've got to go downtown, George. It's all downtown. Just like the song says.
There's your answer. Downtown.
That's what I came to talk to you about. Great job George. (shakes George's hand) You really nailed it.
Oh yes, I read through it this morning. I couldn't have done it better myself, and I turned it right over to Mr Steinbrenner. Good work George.
The gardener did a nice job planting the rose bushes, didn't he dear?
I did?
(thinks for a moment) That's right. (pause) What's for dinner?
(proudly, to the man seated beside him) He's my protg.
George. (waves George over) George.
(puzzled) Uh, George, uh, did you call some carpet cleaners?
They're in my office, right now.
About what?
I'm here to clean the carpets. Most of the world is carpeted. And, one day, we will do the cleaning.
Wilhelm? (he raises the nozzle of his cleaner) My name is Tanya.
Wow! What an, Entrance! (friendly, to George) And eh, who might this be?
Oh. Ah-ha..
Oh, George, have you seen the American league directory? It is a big green book. Oh, thanks kiddo.
Morning George.
Isn't that Babe Ruth's uniform?
Wait, wait, Mr Steinbrenner. George doesn't deserve any of the blame for what happened in the parking lot today, sir. If there's anyone to blame here, it's me.
No, no. No, no, sir. I ordered George to drive around insulting people today. Because I'm tired of all your macho head games.
(puts arm round George's shoulder) He's just being loyal to me, sir.
I wanted to get fired. George, you are looking at the new head scout of the New York Mets.
(singing) Meet the Mets, meet the Mets. Come right out and greet the Mets.
