(No feeling in her voice) You must've been excited.
no there's not enough to spare
So what if I did?
well ok I'll see you later,
No I'm sorry
look, I don't have a square and I don't have a ply (flushing and leaving)
no, no, no!!!
Erika? what are you talking about?
No.
Oh that is too bad, what a shame
What for?
yeah there's no toilet paper in here, I usually check but would you mind?
it's Elaine
it's so nice to meet you (chewing) I look forward to Saturday night
Jerry told me so much about you, I feel like I know you intimately
ok
oh I'm going uptown too, you wanna split a cab?
oh damn
What is it with you?
I'm thirsty. Anyone want a drink?
oh come on up
Are we almost there?
(walks out of the bathroom, very furious; to Jerry) don't call me anymore
No I'm sorry, I can't spare it
I sell paper goods you jerk
ok so I'll see you Saturday night
you would not believe what just happened to me in the bathroom
It's nothing, George.
I don't think so.
hi I thought I'd find you here
isn't it too much?
Where's the ladies' room (Kramer points her)
well maybe he's feeling better
she wouldn't stop "help me! help me!" she was insane
what things? What are you talking about?
(patronizing George) I'm sure it is.
I don't know what you're talking about.
what?
well I need mine (looks at her watch) oh god loot at the time, I gotta get to work
(from the stall on Elaine's right) Are you talking to me?
oh how does this thing work?
Can you buy 'em later? I really wanna get some... sun.
yeah
I mean.. a person needs a certain amount of toilet paper to be covered.. I simply could not spare it this woman just didn't get it, she kept harassing me
Yeah, I have some things to do.
I'm gonna take a dip. (She leaves for beach, Elaine enters with a shady hat on)
I told you already it's very boring you know I think I got a little too much garlic, can I have a piece of gum
well where is your napkin?
What's your favorite?
What's happening?
(to Kramer, in a very sensual voice) you either
what are you talking about?
hello Kramer (he acts all weird, a la Kramer)
smell?
No, I'm sorry, I can't spare it, there's not enough to spare
no I don't have a square to spare, I can't spare a square
