Well, it's already working. Kramer made a pass at me.
I'm not crazy. He stopped short and made a grab.
Who goes around feeling people's material? What can be gained by feeling a person's material? It's insanity!
I couldn't help but notice that you have quite a library in there.
Your father wanted a Mercedes, but I won't ride in a German car.
I knew it. I knew it.. I always knew you always had beautiful hands. I used to tell people. Frank, didn't I use to talk about his hands?
(Getting annoyed) I mentioned his hands to plenty of people!
Well they better come, I got all this Paella.
(From other room) Get George to put those boxes in the garage.
Careful! Careful with the suitcases! We just painted!
Well, anyway, the operation is on Tuesday and I need you to drive me home because I'll be all drugged up.
Poor Georgie, was it our fault this happened to him? Did we do something wrong? Maybe it was our fault.
Why can't we sit over there? (Points to a table)
Well, it's either that or we stay here, near you, and just sit on the money. What do you think we should do, Georgie?
(with her arms out in wonder) What did we ever do to them? (George puts his arms out and imitates Estelle as she moves her arms up and down as she speaks) I want to know what we did them!
I hate that old door. Throw it out!
Don't give me "Ma". It's a good thing I didn't hit the table. I could of cracked my head open.
I want to know what youre doing in there.
What does he want with your swim trunks?
Get the hell outta here. (Angrily sets them aside) I'm sorry you came.
I can't believe it, he was so young. How could this have happened?
Why cant you do anything like a normal person?
(Trying to match Frank's loudness) So, who says we have to sit in a booth?!
(Nagging yell) Well, I didn't take the subway to be in a drafty restaurant!
Your father's absolutely right. We're sitting there like idiots drinking coffee without a piece of cake!
Long Island?!?! I thought I was gettin' advice from a Chinese woman!!
Why would someone break into a car to take a nap?
You know, I was thinking today. I never liked those Seinfelds anyway, he's an idiot all together. (Knocking at the door) Ah there's Kramer.
And it was all done by laser. I don't even need bandages.
You're not having any of your transvestite parties?
Georgie.. (Nudges George's arm, disrupting his work with the scissors) Oh, Georgie, would you like some Jell-O?
This is the best thing we ever did.
Go to any office building on 7th Avenue and tell me if there's anyone there wearing a thin tie like that. Go ahead!
But if you wait, they won't let you back in! Visiting hours are almost over!
Since when do you know how to write? I never saw you write anything.
Please, if he's found guilty, please be kind to him. He's a good boy.
Ow! (hits George on the forehead) What's the matter with you?
Well, your uncle Moe, he died a young man.
Go back to the psychiatrist. I beg you.
I don't understand. You get job security - you get a pay check every week..
I always talk about your hands - how they're so soft and milky white..
I don't understand you. I really don't. You have nothing better to do at three o' clock in the afternoon? I go out for a quart of milk, I come home, and find my son treating his body like it was an amusement park!
Georgie what were you doing poking around the attic last night?
Let me put your father on the phone.
Merlot? I never heard of it. Did they just invent it?
Where have you been?!! You were supposed to fix the stove! I've been waiting for hours!
Boy. I never dreamed it could make such a difference.
Are you kidding? They practice for years, those people.
I can't believe you're moving out. (Grabs Kramer) Kramer, is this true? Is it really happening? It's ... it's like a dream.
So what if they have a lobster. Suddenly you're a shell-fish connoisseur.
Well, I'm meeting your in-laws, I think I should look nice.
Oh, forget about it. It's not your cousin.
I'm not taking advice from some girl from Long Island!! (goes into another room)
Are you trying to get rid of us?
Bye! (Lloyd leaves) Oh, that Lloyd Braun. He is something, isn't he?
The breakups, the firings. And every Sunday with the calls.
(Sits down on the couch) Nah, not interested.
You can't face the fact that I'm improving myself.
You look just like Frank, on our honeymoon.
I think you're all a little touched in the head. (Puts the plate down) You're so worried about your health.. You're young men.
Who told you, you could have sex in our bed?
What am I gonna do with all these sandwiches?! Will you take them home? Give them to someone in your building?
It's that temper on your side. They're yelling and yelling, and then one day, they're all gone.
(Heavy in sarcasm) Too bad you can't do that for a living. You'd be very successful at it. You could sell out Madison Square Garden. Thousands of people could watch you! You could be a big star!
The mother seems to hit the sauce pretty hard. I didn't like that.
It's out of our way. Why can't we pick up something at Lord's? It's right over here.
Frank, if Aunt Baby were alive today, how old would she be?
So, is your father excited about coming home?
Dinkins was talking about you. He was discussing you.
I'm going upstairs. (she leaves for the bedroom)
Every time you're with that Kramer, something happens... He's a real trouble maker!
(Let down) Could you go now, George? I'm very hungry. I'm weak.
I feel a draft. (Grabs the bread basket and her drink) Let's change tables.
You know what you could do? I haven't eaten lunch or dinner. I can't eat this hospital food. Maybe you could run down to the deli and get me a sandwich..
Yes, my son's friend should be here any minute.
Oh, I was so worried. (grabs a couple of tissues from the box)
I know, we were looking at the brochure.
Oh, Jerry. I don't know how you could do this. I'm so nervous for you.
(after George opens the van door) Oh, my god!
So, Georgie, we have some big news for you.
What's going on in here? (Kramer hits the cue ball, it jumps up from the table and flies off screen) Are you two still playing?! You've been up here three hours!
I told you. Here, think you know everything?
What are you talking about?! (to Jerry) Have a sandwich.
(From another room) You're not giving away our Waterpik!
(motherly concern) Cosmo, are you sure you're gonna be alright here alone?
Just take your mail and go home. I have things to do.
George, you're cousin, Shelly, is talking to you!
So, Georgie, are you gonna come to visit us?
Maybe you should take a civil service test.
He's all together crazy, that one! Jerry? I used to think was nice... I don't know what happened to him...
Oh, stop it! You don't want one, Kramer?
I don't understand why you can't do this for me!
(screaming) Oh my God! (she enters holding a small packet) This was in our bed.
Bosomy? You wanna know if your grandmother was bosomy?!
Well, after talking to you, we realised we may not have much time left.
I don't know how you're going to write all those shows. And where are you get all the ideas?
How many times can you check the car?
Bu George, you dont know what youre saying. Youre under their control.
(Interrupting) Tell it to the audience. (George gives Jerry an 'I told you so' look) Here, (Picks up a plate full of sandwiches) I made some bologna sandwiches.
Well that's too bad, because I'm the only one who cooks around here!
George, your mother and I, and Kramer (holds Kramer's hand) have been talking.
This is the only time the doctor *has*.
I told you to clean out this garage. I have to put my car in!
Because I don't need him looking at my bra.
(to Kramer) I lived with him for forty years, I never saw him trying on my underwear. As soon as he leaves the house, he turns into J. Edgar Hoover!
It's a good thing your father's in Chicago.
I know, but two days in a row? You didn't have to do this.
You're not gonna give away that water pik!
George, do you think he should wear a tie like that?
George doesn't work. He's a bum. That's why he lives at home with us.
(Handing the picture back) You've been cooped up in this room too long.
Why did Kramer have to park the van in the woods?
All of a sudden you're interested in your grandmother?
