Well, it was an adventure and a half trying to find the cafeteria, but I have returned with the coffee.
It'll go away in time just don't touch it.
He put it around my neck while I was still asleep this morning.  What a nice way to wake up.
I'm sure I won't.
Gimme.  Look at this wrapping paper.  It's got the word love on it in every language.
Ok, there's a penny.  What's that from?
No.  I'm 58.
I think for you to have come here even expecting that we can have a conversation like this show's ho-how self deluded you are! Michael, your memory has failed you greatly.
[on speaker phone] Hi, honey, it's mom. Look, Cece's school just called. She still has lice.
I'm, uh...  You know I think, uh, I think it's time for me to go.
Oh, well I like Nana, but I also like the classic Grandma.
Wait a minute.  [looks at the bag in Michael's hand] Is that another birthday present for me cause you already gave me a necklace.
[holding the baby, walks up to Jim] Hi, honey. I was just changing the baby.
It was from the wishing well at the mall.  You threw it in.  I went back later, waded in and I found it.
I think it's wonderful, absolutely wonderful.
So, Pammy-- are you still liking sales?
Love you.
Ooh, somebody has a full diaper.
Oh no, I think a triathlon is pretty much something I can rule out.  It just-- doesn't interest me.
Oh, Michael what do you think?  Grandma?
Tell her how you gave it to me.
Hmmm?
Well, you know-- Michael and I were-- talking, and maybe if you put a little more face to face time with your clients you could improve your sales.
Oh, I know.  I love how they use butter cream frosting.
You want to go snowboarding?
[hugging book] God... it's a scrapbook.
[laughs] Sticking with 49.
Hmm... I might have done it when I was younger, but now there's just other things I'd rather be doing, instead of running and jumping and swimming--
Now, don't worry, don't worry. I'm on my way to pick her up, but you might have lice too. You know, lice can be tricky. Sometimes lice, like...[Pam hangs up phone]
Uh huh.
[reading]  I can not go to school today said little Peggy Ann McKay...
[sees table decorated with a banner and balloons] Oh my God!
Thank you. [they hug]
I'm 58.  What am I supposed to do now?
Oh--
Well, as long as you're running numbers Pam, then help me out with this one.  Let's see your six months pregnant, but you've only been married for 30 days, so what does that add up to?
Michael, what are you talking about?
[opens present, reads inscription] A scrapbook of our first memories by Michael Gary Scott.  For my girlfriend Helene on your birthday.  [laughs]
Hello, Michael.
Oh, oh no.  I don't think so.
Well, thank you.  All of you.
I, um-- I got it.
Oh you'll love it.  You can have my guide books.  I think I'm done with those really long plane rides.
No, no... [laughs]
