Yes, yes, they give me job thanks to you.
You make me change restaurant, but nobody come! You say make Pakistani, Babu Bhatt have only Pakistani restaurant. But where are people? You see people? Show me people. There are no people!
You see how I listen. I work very hard, borrow more money.
Leave me alone! You can't do this to me!
Of course, you're very smart man, I listen.
Oh, welcome to the Dream Cafe. (runs to get a menu.) Our specials today...
No Babu! No Babu! You bad man! You very bad man! You very lazy bad man!
I'm going to save up every rupee. Someday, I will get back to America, and when I do I will exact vengeance on this man. I cannot forget him. He haunts me. He is a very bad man. He is a very very bad man.
Welcome, welcome. A steaming hot face towel for your... (gives Kramer a hot towel and Kramer screams, Elaine screams and Kramer falls from his chair. He gets up and is dazed)
So his friend got the mail but she did not give it to him. And then he came to visit me. Said the lawyer was called to help, he said the wheels were in motion, but there was no motion. There was nothing. And so they sent me back here.
You very very good man, you do everything for me. My family and I can never thank you enough for everything you do.
The problem is I never got my Visa renewal form in the mail. I was expecting it.
Very good. My name is Babu Bhatt, I will be your waiter. A steaming hot folded face cloth for your pleasure.
I close down today and when I open again it'll be all Pakistani restaurant. Thank you, thank you so much, you're very special person, very special.
Our specials are tacos, moussaka and franks and beans.
Yes, you do everything, get me job, you get me a place to live in your building.
Smoking or non-smoking? We are proud to offer both.
Oh yes, of course. TV Guide, magazines, everything. You know, I would have picked up your mail, your box is right next to mine.
Nananeena, Ladadeeda, laadadeeda, saadina.... Laadadeeda sa saadina (singing too loud)
You bad man! You very very bad man! [leaves]
You're very kind man. Very kind, thank you. Very kind...
(opens the door for Elaine) Please, I'm very sorry. Tell your friends!
What are you doing? This is not right, people. You're making a very bad mistake, very bad.
No no, you're both very kind, very kind.
