(calling over) Hey, Izzy, this kid says he can lift more than you can.
Good. Thank God. Good riddance. [pause] Oh listen, before you go, would you mind changing my diaper? HAA!!
Hey, what are those bums doin' back there?
Oh, really. Are you the boyfriend? I know she's got a boyfriend. Are you going to *kill* me? I'm an old man for crying out loud, you gonna kill an old man, you coward?!? [Jerry gets out card]
Well, you know they're making that Woody Allen movie in the block, and all those people and trucks everywhere, when I saw him I must have got a little distracted.
Hey Morty. (nodding toward Jerry) Who's this?
What's a young man like you want to move cars for? You don't work?
Now you didn't tell me you didn't know how to drive. You should have mentioned that.
Somebody, call an ambulance.
That's not so funny.
Who's gonna send money to my sister in Virginia? Her little boy needs surgery on his foot. Now he'll be walking around with a limp because you can't park a few cars.
What the *Hell* is it?
Trash. Garbage.
Well, take it. I'm sure as Hell not going to give it to my family.
I can't read that you fool...
My teeth! My teeth!
Well I'm going down to visit my sister in Virginia next Wednesday, for a week, so I can't park it.
Whoever wants to move them, why do I care who moves them? They can move themselves if they want.
Who let you in here?
If I meant this Wednesday, I would have said this Wednesday. It's the week after this Wednesday.
I'm sorry, Jerry. Maybe I'm getting too old for this stuff.
Oh *her*. She *steals* from me. Steals my money. She says she doesn't speak English. My *ass* she doesn't speak English. Plays that freakin' "voo-doo" music, tries to hypnotize me. She thinks she's gonna turn me into a zombie and then rob me blind. Well, I wasn't born yesterday. I may drop dead today, but I sure as Hell wasn't born yesterday. Now get the Hell out of my house...
With you? I'd rather be dead.
My teeth! You idiots!!!
I believe that's what you do with garbage, you idiot.
Hey, somebody better move these cars, you're making a commotion.
Well if I wanted it I wouldn't be throwing it away, *Ein-stein*.
It's like watchin' a couple of hyenas goin' through the garbage.
Hey, I don't like what's goin' on around here. I want all you bums outta here.
Moving cars from one side of the street to the other don't take no more sense than putting on a pair of pants. My question to you is who's putting your pants on?
Never mind who I am. I know who I am. Do you know who you are? (to George) Why is it every time you park a car in this block, everything gets disrupted and disjointed?
Then how'd all those cars get damaged? Why are people calling me up screaming on the phone? Most of them cancelled out on me.
Agency? What agency? The *CIA*?
I don't believe you. If you can put your pants on, you can move those cars.
Well if you want to move the cars, move the cars. Just don't forget to take the keys out, that's all.
Now don't tell me to calm down... Get your hands off of me! Why you little...
What kind of stupid show is this? Hey! It's that idiot that took all my records! (the houskeeper starts laughing)
Why don't you start taking the bus?
