Well, the shift knob is loose. You know about that?
(contempt) Huh. I don't understand you. It's your own car we're talking about. You know you wrote the wrong mileage down on the form? You barely know the car. You don't know the mileage, you don't know the tyre pressure. When was the last time you even checked the washer fluid?
yes.. alright buddy, take it easy Kramer you down to it George? what's wrong?
step off George, I don't wanna see you
what.. whatever
(accusingly) Have you been picking at it?
hey? you think if I jumped off that balcony I'd get hurt?
hey Kramer
no no no no, I'm thinking.. rock-climbing
take the rope, thread it through the carabiniere and knot it, and I'll climb up to where you are
Listen, that registration may have your name on it, Jerry. But this engine's running on my sweat and my blood.
(voice from below) George! Kramer!
well, they said huh Tony, try to keep it clean
my popcorn, you were supposed to get me popcorn what? would you forget about me babe?
yeah yeah, you know I'm definitely down for some rock-climbing
Hey Jerry, it's Tony.
(angry) Nobody's giving anything back! You tried to take it from me, I don't forget that.
Jerry, motor oil is the lifeblood of a car. Okay, you put in a low-grade oil, you could damage vital engine parts. Okay. (holds up component) See this gasket? (throws it down) I have no confidence in that gasket.
no
(angry) The washer fluid is not fine!
(sharp) You don't try to. You do it! Fifty-one percent of all turns are right turns. You know that? 'Try to.'
Oh, your car. You want your car back!
What d'you mean?
Aw look, I just want you to know that the car is fine. I got her all fixed up. We're in a nice area, no potholes, no traffic. So there's nothing to worry about. Okay? In fact, here, somebody wants to talk to you.
Here's what I wanna do. I wanna overhaul the entire engine. But it's gonna take a major commitment from you. You're gonna have to keep it under sixty miles an hour for a while. You gotta come in, and you gotta get the oil changed every thousand miles.
they said huh.. they said I'm coming along (Tony's face is covered by bandages)
what do you say you scale some rock with me and George?
I'm drawing a blank, babe
Yeah, Jerry, it's Tony Abato at the shop. Look, we gotta talk. You better come down, any time after four.
c'mon Kramer what do you say?
hey George, you got anything to eat dude?
bowling? I don't think so George you get no rush from bowling
Thanks for coming in, Jerry.
(subdued) Alright. Okay. Well, uhm, wait here and I'll uh, I'll bring it around.
just beat it dude!
I think I know what's goin' on here, and I just wanna hear it from you. But I want you to be straight with me. Don't lie to me, Jerry. You know that motor oil you're puttin' in there? (reproachful) From one of those quicky lube places, isn't it?
Hey. Hey? where is my popcorn babe?
hey, hey Kramer my man, what are you doing maana?
dude aah.......
yeah
there won't be any next time George
(lovingly) Oh, yeah. I remember this car. Beautiful car.
You been rotating the tires?
I really don't remember, I was kinda out of it for the 1st couple of days, I was on a lot of medication, it was kinda like haze, it was pretty cool
so I said uh.. "hey dude, you better step off"
