We, uh, tried to call, but the line was busy.
(To Susan) What about it?
Was anything found? Was it all burned to the ground?! Did they find anything?
What are you complimenting her for? She didn't make it Rowenna did.
Oh, I forgot to ask you - how'd you like the cabin?
Excuse me,...what do you feed this animal?
Remember when they had the helicopter land on top of that car --
You know, you can't get those cigars anywhere.
Well, what's important is that your relationship with Susan doesn't have to end.
Yeah George, I gotta tell ya, this is a very nice gesture. We really appreciate it.
I didn't care much for his jokes.
And, of course, we want you to be an integral part.
Nice night for a hansom cab ride, 'ay George?
Murderer!
You'll be on the board of directors.
What?
(Shooting back at his wife) Wear some more lipstick.
I think it's the horse.
And they've been hard on us, too. It's a terrible tragedy when parents outlive their children.
We saw him in the city this weekend. Uh, what happened to his place in the Hamptons?
What?
Where are we, George?
All right! Let's head back.
They put it up this morning.
Ask Rusty.
Yes?
Turn this thing around. We've had it. We can't breathe back here! And hurry it up!
When I go, I'm passing it on to her. (Pointing at Susan)
(Cutting her off) I love that place. My father built that cabin in 1947. My mother was recuperating from Impetigo at the time, and dad thought it would be a good idea to get her out into the fresh air. She died there the following winter. And he passed away 10 years later to the day. His last words to me were, (Mrs. Ross, bored out of her mind, has obviously heard this story a million times - she mouths the words as Mr. Ross says them) "Cherish the cabin." Not, uh, "Take care of your sister." (Adding) She's a paraplegic. But, "Cherish the cabin." (Smiling, reflecting) And I have.. for 45 years. It's often been a.. sanctuary for me.
(walking by Mrs. Ross) We're all out of lime juice. I told that woman to buy more.
They're all chickens. The rooster has sex with all of them.
It doesn't have anything to do with the plot!
That's why we decided to create a foundation to preserve Susan's memory.
What are their names?
It's March.
All right.
Well, it wouldn't have without your friend Jerry's inspirational words. He said to us, "She's not really dead if her shadow is..." Uh, w-what was it, dear?
George, we were just talking about you.
The box! (Rushes toward George, grabbing the box away from him, then the letters from Susan's hands) My letters! Gimme that! (Now holding them against his chest, defensively) Who told you to open this?!
(Still trying to comprehend what has happened) The cabin burned?
Oh, we got about twenty minutes. You, uh, seem a little nervous George. Anything wrong?
Burned?
George.
How are you enjoying those cigars I gave you?
(again walking by) I'm goin' back to bed.
Yes.
Those people, that's who. I think they're sick.
What? What is it?
You know those cigars are made special for Castro?
(Proclaiming) Yes! Yes, he was the most wonderful person I've ever known. And I love him deeply! In a way you could never understand.. (Slowly walks back to his room, leaving everyone speechless. Susan seems to be affected the most. A long pause passes. Jerry gives George a signal that they should go)
Well, this is the end of Long Island. Where's your house?
