(to the Barneys sales associate) Excuse me, could you tell me where I could find, like, women's moisturizer lotions?
Really? How?
Black Forrest? Too scary. You're in the Forrest, oohh.
Hey, how'd you do on that IQ test?
You're really going to town with that turkey there.
Uh... sure/yeah..
A matron?
(startled - eyes wide open) Hello, is somebody there? (scurrying sound) Mr.- Mr. Marbles?
Why'd you do that?
You know Jeffery?
I don't know how I feel about it.
You probably couldn't see because of the smoke.
Nooo, I don't. (the elevator doors shut)
That's the idea.
We're gonna change the system.
Elaine?!
Suicide, maybe, not lesbianism.
Can I have my keys...
Alright.
I must have iron rich blood.
You must have gotten me when I slowed down to take that curve because for a while there I was doing well over 100.
Oh, no don't say that. You'll jinx me.
If you don't believe me, ask her.
Excuse me, um, did you see a piece of paper on the nightstand here earlier today crumpled up like a napkin?
As good as it gets.
IT'S COMPLETELY INAPPROPRIATE!
Yeah. I picked up this shirt here yesterday. Its completely shrunk. Theres absolutely no way I can wear it.
You don't broach, you keep your mouth shut.
What did you say?
That. (pointing at George)
We're getting vasectomies.
But theyre talking about nothing.
(thinking) Whats going on here? Gotta be her boyfriend, shes too good to be alone. Whats the difference, I cant maneouver anyway with Elaine next to me.
Kramer, y'know, guys like you, with no conscience, don't know what it's like for guys like me. I'm in the unfortunate position of having to consider people's feelings.
They have a piano backstage they warm up on.
You don't have to, really.
. . . All right (gritting teeth) Just give me the ticket.
A pawn shop?
Oh hi.
So if Billy had gotten your number off the AIDS walk list, you wouldn't have gone out with him?
Kramer! (We hear Kramer's door slam open and shut. Kramer enters. Jerry comes out of his room.) Hey! Where's all my sneakers?
I wonder if any woman ever said that about Einstein?
What?
(jumps in surprise) Hoh! What're you doing here? You're supposed to be gone.
Hey, did Susan change her mind about the name?
That's not what I do.
Well, maybe he doesn't have a "get outta here" kind of personality.
Columbus, Euro trash.
This you're not goin' to believe. The NYPL says that I took out Tropic of Cancer in 1971 and never returned it.
Yeah, tomorrow.
Yeah, that's a point...
No.
They just took Susan to the Hospital
Oh, yeah. But the mental thing. But anyway. I'll see ya.
No, what? What kind is it?
You don't understand. I got this all timed out. I got another spot across town at 950, I'm not gonna be able to make it!
(under his breath) Oh no.
Hi how are ya?
Hey, would you stop it already?
Of course, I stink, you stink. It's show bizz. everybody stinks..
What are you gonna do?
He's a little backed up.
Purple? Ya' sure it wasn't orange?
No no.
(gets up) No, no, I did. I think he's got it in for me!
"What are you doing that for, you got a job"
He's late already.
I guess 'cause it's her job. It's very frustrating.
What?
It's kind of a stuffed meat thing. Israeli soldiers carry it. In case they're captured behind enemy lines, they eat it and it kills them.
Kramer... (points to Marla)
*Oh*, you mean you wanna *lose* it...
I dunno how that guy gave us the slip at the Friars Club.
That's funny, that's funny! "I'm sick of cleaning." That's very funny.
Um, you know, its the damnedest thing. It went away.
Hi, I got some friends inside, I gotta get a message to 'em. Mind if I walk through real quick?
I cant find the receipt.
You killed Fredo!
Mmm.
Hmm..
No, no.
Why does he do that?
Oh, my god!
I like the way you think.
No one knows.
All right, bye. (to Elaine) You see this? Any thought pops into their head they're calling me because it's a local call now.
(proud of himself) Remember me? I said I 'd come back with someone and I did. Surprised?.
(Adding, fake praise) Good one.
Any luck?
But it's your bodega.
That was our babka. We had that babka!
(proud to Peggy, under his breath) Yeah, but he didn't sleep with both of 'em. (winks)
Ah. (makes face)
What is it?
What is that smell?
Done.
Uh - new car!
(pause) All right, sir.
What thing?
I think she should withdraw. She's the breaker, he's the breakee. He needs to get on with his life.
All this? It's too much. What do you need five mangos for?
So how'd you hit the car?
I do.
But we can't both get pancakes, it's embarrassing. It's like one step from the couples who dress alike.
She's not a maid. She might be a news woman!
Uh-huh.
Good for you.
Outside!
I don't know.
He's bringing it.
Oh... *you*...
Oh, good.
I gotta get a suit cleaned, I have a funeral on Friday.
(bewildered) Why would she try and kill you?
Are you sensing anything right now?
What, are you on Mercury?
Anyway, I'm ready to go.
So how can you promise her?
I live and breath my friend. . . . I live and breath.
Yeah, and I got about ten feet down and I felt this tremendous pressure on my mask. Like my eyeballs were being sucked out of their sockets.
Golden Boys always the first shirt I wear out of the laundry. Here... touch Golden Boy!
You remember Elaine.
(answering the ringing phone) Hello?
It's stuck. (pained) Oww! The steam from the hot-tub musta warped the wood.
It was a mistake, the bank sent me the wrong ones.
I do... she's got like a jealousy thing. She doesn't like me having fun with anyone but her. (knocks on the door)
Well yes I did that's true. A couple of a guys I knew in the coastguard told me about her.... and I sensed that she had the anger and intensity that I needed to make this film work.
I've been defaced!
Evelyn, this is Elaine.
Hey, this looks like the thing I have. Caused by exposure to benzene, a common ingredient in metal cleaners.
No. No. I was kidding. It's terrible.
Yeah.
I didnt bring anything.
Yeah. You said you liked horse manure.
Well Lisi, that was another-
No?
Take care now. So long.
Oh yeah, I know.
How good?
Did you talk to her?
This is the man you have a crush on?
(Confused) What's your position?
Yeah. Pretend like it never happened.
No. Things pop into your head. You?
I'm not going to 'Skyburger'. Besides, it's in the opposite direction, let's just eat popcorn or something.
You told him you knew Simons?
Oh, I'll split a cab with you.
Oh, it was a lovely affair.
But, I'll tell you this much. I am never going to let some silly hygienic mishap get in the way of, what could be, a meaningful, long-lasting relationship.
No, hes making a bouillabaisse.
Uh from what I saw it was pretty good.
How did I gain eight?
Trouble
What'd you think?
Aw, these are really strong glasses.
It stinks.
(thinking) They've gotta be kidding.
Thank you.
What's the matter?
Fifty dollars?
(grudging) Alright.
Well, maybe in philosophy. But, even nothing is something.
Ya, that's the.. last thing you want to see. Well, next to last.
No it isn't. I've seen your regular face. That is not it.
(To Amy) Aha! So it's true! You were making out with him!
We're going to the Knick game!
The only thing I can think of is I told her we should have those moving walkways all over the city.
Look, sweetheart, you know you've got it all. But let's face it... (Kramer comes back.)
Isn't there a deductible?
You see, I've been home for a week and Elaine didn't give me my mail until yesterday, even though I asked her repeatedly for it.
Couldn't be...
You better find that grape before it mutates into another life form. There was once a mutant grape that terrorized an entire town in the Texas panhandle. They brought in the army, nobody could stop it. Apparently it had a pit of steel.
No, I'm sorry. I'm just a little curious. I mean why did you stop seeing him.
It was a mistake.
Yeah, and they come back with things taped to they're large intestine.
Just a huge massive coronary.
Well at breakfast everybody reads.
I don't see why not.
Why'd you have to mention 'unlisted number'?
Toilet brush, oh (he pulls a 'Damn, shoulda guessed!' face). Alright, I can replace that.
I'll remember that.
I'm feeling very inadequate about the whole thing.
Who's stopping you?
Stop the mail?
Im not an investor. People always tell me, you should have your money working for you. Ive decided Ill do the work. Im gonna let the money relax. You know what I mean? Cause you send your money out there  working for you  a lot of times, it gets fired. You go back there, What happened? I had my money. It was here, it was working for me. Yeah, I remember your money. Showing up late. Taking time off. We had to let him go.
Really?
So, he's coming in to stay with her for a week.
I'm gonna call her.
Well, I mean, as long as you're okay, that, that's the important thing.
There must be a secret stash around here somewhere.
You know I was supposed to see this five years ago. I was in a Chinese restaurant with George and Elaine and got all screwed up trying to get a table and I missed it.
Hey Mick.
You want to trade me an undershirt?
You know I've had to reduce my milk level. My whole life I've always filled to at least three quarters - sometimes, to the top of the cereal. Now, to conserve, I can't even see the milk anymore. It's a big adjustment.
Oh, it was just Kramer...apparently I killed Miss Rhode Island's doves with a bucket of water last night.
Maybe you just didn't see him.
Oh so what I'm going to buy all your fruit now?
Well, you want to sit with George? I think he's coming with Robin.
(to Elaine, still joking) He can wipe out his checking account in a single bounce!
So? I used to be seven. I dropped two spots.
Don't get up, please, allow me.
" Yeah! What's that."
Pretentious!? The woman has my tax papers. You told her she was pretentious? The IRS. They're like the MAFIA. They can take anything they want
So, too bad about that Super Bowl ticket, eh Newman?
Come on...
Well, whaddaya wanna do here?
(to speaker) Coming down.
Really?
Uh huh. Well how do I know what they look like on the inside? What do they look like on the outside?
Again?
(To George) I said I was sorry.
Laundry day is the only exciting day in the life of clothes. It is...yknow, think about it. The washing machine is the nightclub of clothes. You know, its dark, theres bubbles happening, theyre all kinda dancing around in there- shirt grabs the underwear, Cmon babe, lets go. You come by, you open up the lid and theyll- (stiffens up, as the clothes) Socks are the most amazing article of clothing. They hate their lives, theyre in the shoes with stinky feet, the boring drawers. The dryer is their only chance to escape and they all know it. They knew a escape from the dryer. They plan it in the hamper the night before, Tomorrow, the dryer, Im goin. You wait here! The dryer door swings open and the sock is waiting up against the side wall. He hopes you dont see him and then he goes down the road. They get buttons sewn on their faces, join a puppet show. So theyre showing me on television the detergent for getting out bloodstains. Is this a violent image to anybody? Bloodstains? I mean, come on, you got a T-shirt with bloodstains all over it, maybe laundry isnt your biggest problem right now. You gotta get the harpoon out your chest first.
Can't do it Newman.
5000.
Spring. Of course.
What now?
I think that's it. (They play it and see Elaine dancing) Sweet fancy Moses!
Does it seem to you that the ventriloquist dummy has a very active sexual social life? he's always talking about dates and women that he knows and bringing them back to the suitcase at night, there's always a sawdust joke in there somewhere you know, kinky things cuz he's made out of wood an' he can spin his head around, we're somehow expected to believe because the face is soo animated that they think we aren't noticing that the feet are just swinging there, dummy feet never look right do they? they're just kinda dangling there, always kinda askew you know? you always see just little ankle, those thin fabric ankles that they have you know. Ya think 'I don't think this thing is real.'
Are you sure you don't need a hand with that?
You mean, not subjecting yourself to your sexual advances.
(quietly) Oh, he's this awful comedian.
Okay, you tell me. What is it worth?
(To cashier) I'd like to speak with the manager, please.
Alright, I'm gonna get this. This looks good.
Could we continue this another time.
Look at you. Why don't you use a fork? You're no good with the sticks.
What are you, crazy? I don't want to see this guy again.
I don't understand why we have to eat now.
Im good, thanks.
You said that already.
Oh look, I need to get in touch with Cheryl. Babu needs a lawyer, his Visa's expired.
(to George) Yeah. (oh the phone) What's goin' on? What? Really? Oh my god....did he give you a reason?...Oh boy. Okay. Alright. Thanks. (hangs up.) Dalrymple just cancelled the pilot. (George drops the bag, shocked.)
Okay dokey
Will you let me pay just once.
Thank you. Hi Cynthia.
What do you mean you don't think so?
Well, it might not be hell but you're gonna run into some bad dudes.
(To Elaine) he thought he still had a shot.
Hey.
(Trying to ward her off) Hey. Hey!
All right, so youre chewing your apple, you got your enthusiastic hi... Go ahead.
What about Susan?
Yes, its my lifes work.
Excuse me, Tor. May I ask you a question? You have intuitive abilities. You're in touch with a lot of this cosmic kind of things.. I have this note I can't read. I was wondering if-
Alright, how much does he owe you?
Did she say why?
In fact remind me to tell Kramer too.
I said, "and more."
I don't know. 25 bucks a day.
(aghast) Uncle Leo put Nana in a home!
Oh, I don't wanna talk about it..
I wrote a 20 minute bit about how homework stinks.
Let me ask you something. If you were going out with somebody and if she did that what would, would you do? Would you continue going out with her?
Men flip around the television more than women, I think. Men get that remote control in their hands, they don't even know what the hell they're watching. You know, we just keep going, "Rerun, don't wanna watch it.. " "What are you watching?" "I don't care, I gotta keep going." "Who was that?" "I don't know what it was - doesn't matter, it's not your fault. It doesn't matter, I gotta keep going." Women don't do this. See now, women will stop and go, "Well, let me see what the show is before I change the channel." You see? Men just fly. Because women, you see, women nest and men hunt. That's why we watch TV differently. Before there was flipping around, before there was television, kings and emperors and pharaohs and such had story-tellers that would tell them stories 'cause that was their entertainment. I always wonder, in that era, if they would get, like, thirty story-tellers together so they could still flip around. Just go, "Alright start telling me a story, what's happening? I don't want to hear anymore. Shut up. Go to the next guy. What are you talking about? Is there a girl in that story? ..No? Shut up. Go to the next guy. What do you got? I don't want to hear that either. Shut up. No, go ahead, what are you talking about?.. I don't want to hear that. No, the all of you, get out of here. I'm going to bed."
Alright, get out. And take your Bronzo with you (throws the bottle to Kramer.)
I think theres a mental hospital near here.
You what?
I really don't eat it.
That close, huh?
What about Harrison Ford? He had one in, uh, Blade Runner. That was a cool one.
I'm not worried about their best pitching. They got pitching. ...They got no hitting.
Yeah, it's me. Kramer found the car!
Hey, where's George? I thought he was with you.
Kramer, I'm not shaving your neck.
What is he like?
I don't know, 6-3, George, how tall is Kramer?
(reading, unimpressed) Ohh, 'Number 1 Dad'.
Yes.
What?
Listen, Joel. Theres something I have to tell you...
Not bad.
Yeah.
Whattya mean?
Oh, like you do.
You know it's interesting, because I called the hospital and they said you were released on Monday.
I wanna buy back the Cadillac.
[whispering] No, no news. You better get out of here.
Elaine Benes, this is Joel Horneck.
All right.
What are you all dressed up for?
Yeah.
No depravity! I mean, I look at her, I can't imagine she even has sex.
So? Wheels?
You know doctor is supposed to be such a prestigious occupation. But its really like one of the only jobs where you have to have your diploma right up there on the wall. It makes them seem so insecure, doesnt it? "I really am a doctor you know. You think Im not, just check it out." I dont know why they need these little bits of psychological leverage over us all the time. "Go in that little room, take your pants off, wait 15 minutes, and Ill give you my opinion." After that, anyone that comes in with pants on seems like they know what theyre talking about. In any difference of opinion, pants always beats no-pants.
(to Rava) So, wheres this boyfriend of yours? I cant wait much longer. Ive got a flight.
Of course. C'mon Georgie, you wanna tell me. It's eating you up inside. Sing it, sister.
Because if you think she's too good for George, you are dead wrong. Dead wrong. Who is she?
Yeah, come on, it's a good match.
I cant believe this. So what are you saying? You didnt like my act, so thats it?
Oh, well the cactus will smooth things over.
Well, then you're drivin' me wild.
He really did an amazing job. Look! He uncoagulated the top of the dishwashing liquid! (Jerry opens refrigerator.) He cleaned out the bottom of the little egg cups! Come here, look at this. (He gets on his knees and points.) He cleaned the little one-inch area between the refrigerator and the counter. How did he get in there?! He must be like Rubber Man!
All the time.
So you want to go to the party on Friday night?
He was trying to lift the TV.
That's terrible...
So that's it? You know I never even met the guy.
Prediction. I never see you or him again for the rest of my life.
You have them sleeping in drawers?!
I don't think that's the kind of thing you wanna hear about your father. But I'll tell you when he came out of that bathroom and he was kneading that dough, it was a wild scene.
Well, well, well.
You're my neighbor. There's got to be a character based on you.
C'mon up. (Slightly opens the door for Elaine)
Your good friend is morbidly obese.
Elaine, if I could say a word here about Jewish people. That man in no way represents our ability to take in a nice piece of juicy gossip and keep it to ourselves.
Yes!
I'M NOT DOING YOUR BITS!!
What did you have to give your TV away to George for?
You know, this is your coat.
There isn't?
I'm ready to talk.
Hey, look whose here - Puddy.
That old scam.
Well. I'll tell you though. It was really passionate.
What?
Well, should we leave?
So, when are you giving Boxcar Willie his walking papers?
Susan! What are you doing here?
Hello? Yeah, the defroster's the one on the bottom, just slide it all the way over. You're welcome.
There, you see? I just leant her my car, and she's gonna fill it with all sorts of... (he cracks) Alright! You win! That car was my last germ-free sanctuary. I slept there last night! Now, for the love of God, please, what is it? What is it?!
When you cough, there are thousands of unseen muscles that suddenly spring into action. It's like watching that fat guy catch a cannonball in his stomach in slow motion.
Expect a call.
Oh, you mean from Poppie's Restaurant?
You mean it's... (She nods) No this. No that. No this or that. Oh, boy. Hmmm. What do you want?
You do of course try on, when you buy?
Because they don't allow outside drinks into the movie.
(is redialing) I should've talked to her; I love Chinese women.
Satisfied?
What happened?
What do you mean, "kind of."?
What about the label maker?
"I think I was tucked.!"
Uh, I don't think so.
That's the point.
Well I, if it's your day off I really... (tries to leave)
So I really had a good time.
"Can't believe your going out with him..."
I said I couldnt believe you liked that commercial. So what?
You haven't even seen it.
Well, if that's not that, what is that?
...'s very emasculating, he doesn't know the nature of our relationship. You're there approving new clothes.....That's a girlfriend job! How dare he!!
Levels?
Well, I think by sleeping with her, I may have sent her the wrong message.
Hello?
Hold it! Hold it! Hold it people! Matador? What matador?
Yeah! Because of you.
Well I'm getting a little tired of this. What do you say we play one for all the marbles?
You gotta be there at 430.
Oh! Oh! *Delores*!
Don't ask.
Yeah that's a tough one. What are you going to do about that?
(coughing) I said, boy am I ugly.
We thought he was with you.
Well, no, I'm not one of those.
Where are you going?
I don't know.
And we discover yet another talent. Posing as a girlfriend for homosexuals.
We're here discussing our script with your father.
Don't get smart.
No, trust me, that one was doing more harm than good. Don't forget to use the Plax too.
It was embarrassing to me.
How do you do? (introducing himself) Uh, Jerry Seinfeld.
I want the antidote, pimple popper!
Kramer, should I call Susan?
It's hard to pretend because I know where it is.
Tony.
Yeah.
I don't even want to talk about it anymore. What were you thinking? What was going on in your mind? Artistic integrity? Where, where did you come up with that? You're not artistic and you have no integrity. You know you really need some help. A regular psychiatrist couldn't even help you. You need to go to like Vienna or something. You know what I mean? You need to get involved at the University level. Like where Freud studied and have all those people looking at you and checking up on you. That's the kind of help you need. Not the once a week for eighty bucks. No. You need a team. A team of psychiatrists working round the clock thinking about you, having conferences, observing you, like the way they did with the Elephant Man. That's what I'm talking about because that's the only way you're going to get better.
I know.
I'm I'm a comedian.
And you didnt even hear how she sounded.
Well this type of things is very common when you're in show business.
Yeah, he's dating a crayon.
Well he's from the impressionist school, you know like Monet, Manet, Tippi Tippi Dayday.
So you like her?
Ya?
Hey, my parents are just as crazy as your parents.
Doesn't matter. You would have the only authentic Pakistani restaurant in the whole neighborhood.
Look at us, hurtling through space on this big, blue marble.
I can't believe she sent you that dry-cleaning bill.
Enough chatting, let's play.
No, no. C'mon, put something else on. It's early, let's go out.
Fabulous. See, now you're really do something.
Oh yeah I like this idea.
Marisa Tomei?
Yeah, and?
Nobody needs to talk.
I like sneakers.
I thought I told you about it, yes, she teaches political science? I met her the night I did the show in Lansing...
'I will expect all funds in form of cashier checks no later than the 18th'.
You're going to that again? Why? Just to do that stupid line?
Yeah! I got it . It's in the apartment, but we can't go in there it's being fumigated.
Yeah , she's coming to see my act tonight.
So what did you do there all day?
Why can't I buy my father a car?
He just went in. You know, I think he was wearing my Hounds-Tooth jacket.
Oh he's uh, helping me sort my receipts. I'm being audited.
The % thing to do is just not think about it.
Sounds familiar.
Wait, don't go. Let's thumb wrestle.
Well, I'm sorry I'm not Brad. I'm me!
Melanie, you can shush me at every opportunity. 5? 3? Oh, it was just an expression. All right, well, that's very sweet of you. Okay, I'll call you later. All right, bye. Hey!
She knows the whole stupid thing. Vanessa and the elevator...
Where's the Mohel?
I can't believe she threw out my napkin.
Elaine!
George...
All right.
Gimme that rye.
I beg your pardon? Cinnamon takes a back seat to no babka. People love cinnamon. It should be on tables in restaurants along with salt and pepper. Anytime anyone says, "Oh This is so good. What's in it?" The answer invariably comes back, Cinnamon. Cinnamon. Again and again. Lesser babka - I think not.
Oh, yes, he's very proud of his work in the big game. So you've never uh, met him before?
So is she working? Is she here?
What?
You what?
A man's voice, but he speaks in German so I have to get a translator.
You're a lifesaver. Would you get them, please?
You bought it for six!
Those meaty paws, I feel like I'm dating George the Animal, (steer).
It had fat in it, it's not good for you.
Look, there he is, he's sittin' at the desk!
(to the phone) Hi, Joel. This is Jerry. I hope you get this before you- Oh, Hi. Joel... Oh, you just came in... Listen, I cant make it to the game tonight... I, uh, have to tutor my nephew... Yeah, hes got an exam tomorrow... Geometry... You know, trapezoids, rhombus... Anyway, listen, you take the tickets. Theyre at the Will-Call window... And Im really sorry... Have a good time... Well talk next week... Okay... Yeah, I dont... Fine.. Fine... Bye.
Yeah, right, right. So is there anything there to rent?
Well it's just that you got so many things with the milk. You got that Bosco bit then you got your Nestl's Quik bit, by the time you get to Ovaltine--
They act like it was some act of charity. Just going out with her.
That doesn't punish me. It punishes Elaine! And cruelly, I might add.
What?
It's not good, okay. It's not good. You look (searches for word) stupid. (to salesman) I'm sorry.
They don't consider it stolen, if you wilfully give the guy the keys.
I'm glad we had this talk.
Oh, this is funny? I'm being funny?
(talking to Beth on the phone) Could you put him on, I'd love to say hello.
Kramer? What did we say that's so bad?
I'm O.K. My capillaries burst.
George?
I remember he made you wear a jock on your head for a whole class. And the straps were hangin' down by his ,...
Hey, I've been back four days, I want my mail.
Sure.
Well, one outta twenty thousand. That's not bad.
I'm asking!
Oh, Paul, could you hold that door...
I was arrested for urinating.
You are. I can't get that thing in my car. (referring to George)
I didn't know any of this.
Oh! well whatever you have to do.
No.
Oh, it's my parents. My father came up to see a back specialist.
Oh, you hung up on my Nana?!
Yeah! Too bad.
Yeah, me too.
No, but I expect to hear anytime.
(Kramer shows Jerry and Elaine the paper) "Hospital receives grant to conduct DNA research".." Government funds genetic research at area hospital" ... Yeah, so?
You just met the guy yesterday.
You quit the post office?
Really.
Alright.. (Heads for the door, grabbing his coat)
Self-esteem?
Hey, how was the meeting?
Yeah. (Kramer lurches into the kitchen, trips, and falls onto the kitchen floor.) I'll get it, I'll get it! Take it easy, why are you so tired?
I don't ask those kind of questions anymore.
Are you kidding? He can do every move I've ever done! Do you know what a good mechanic is worth? You can't compare that to sex.
"Naaaaaa...I can't watch a man sing a song."
As you see it?
You're damn right you're not buying it!
What?
No no, he'll come in. Well, this is gonna be my first opportunity to not kiss her hello.
I'll call an ambulance. (Exits)
Why not?
Surprise! (he carries in the object)
I'm sure the lawyer did everything they could.
Well, I guess we'll be going.. (Heads for the door)
Oh.
(Sympathetically) She coming of a bad break-up?
So she's giving me the massage and I'm just making conversation.
What?!
Hello.
(to the phone) Hello yeah yes it is really ah, ah Could you hold on a second? (to George and Kramer) Hey listen to this, some woman found an electronic organizer, my name was in it, she wants me to help her track down the owner.
to himself Uh oh. My organs are playing chess again.
(standing) Alright, I'll see you later.
Hi.
"Rust-proofing"?
He was in the shop. I thought you told me he wasn't going to be there.
Yes, he is.
(thinking) Well, the drive home should be a delight. Im speeding the whole way. Let them throw me in jail. I dont care. (to Vanessa) That's the manager? Do you want me to see if we can get another room?
Shake is bad, but what if its the two-hander? The hand on the bottom, the hand on the top, the warm look in the eyes?
I don't know.
Yknow, my parents are coming in for this...
Why not?
Kramer!
Seinfeld. I made a reservation for a mid-size, and she's a small. I'm kidding around, of course.
Well, Rabbi, well.
I heard something.
(Obviously mad at the situation he's in) 'Why am I wearing is now?? I'll tell you why I'm wearing it now - because the lowtalker asked me to, that's why! And I said 'yes'. Do you know why? Because I couldn't HEAR her!
Course you know there is always the possibility, that she called an audible.
Nothing.
George? What are you doin' here?
You're going to make a good father someday.
Why?
I tried brushing my teeth by holding the brush and moving my head from side to side. It didn't work.
Elaine...
You know, why don't we just go with the one in your hand?
Oh yeah? What'd he have to say?
Catnap?
Wow. That's great! When it comes out, I'll have to get someone to ghost read it.
Hey, see those two women over there? I almost dated the one on the right. She's in the closet business.
Hey.
Hey.
Well we gotta make a plan before they come back, what are we gonna do?
You know, what would be great?
Why not?
(Butting in) Tina Turner?
Bye.
She's Romanian. What am I gonna talk to her about, Ceausescu?
Now here's another little rule.
Well-well we got to get the cinnamon.
No!
Are you serious?
So what are you doing later? You want to go to the movies?
Completely naked?
Oh that Michael, I hate him, he's just so smug.
Why don't you put it in the *bank*?
What song?
Elaine, do you think I would go willy-nilly into a situation so obviously fraught with potential complications?
Well it's not like spotting a toupee.
Well, that woman had it coming to her. Look at my neck, it looks like I had a beard of bees!
Where's Simon?
Yeah.
The Saab factory?
I don't read in the bathroom.
Yeah, dating a convicted felon. I don't know how you missed it.
Come on stop.
What did you end up giving her?
Oh! I got a message. (presses button on answer machine)
The blond with the blue sweatpants!
I don't think so.
(looking at Kramer) This is nice.
Oh, I know you are.
I'm not calling Ed Roydlick. I'm doing fine!
I can't wait.
Yeah, we'll see ya.
Oh my God, you got a flush! You're holding a flush!
I love this couch. You know what the best part about it is? It doesn't fold out, so no one can sleep over.
So, ah, what are you doing around here Ramon?
How's it look?
No, too relationshippy. She opens it up, she hears that Laura's theme, I'm dead.
By the way, did you see this? (Hands George a magazine)
What did you say?
I never really wanted the pen.
So he starts to get up He spots the Pez dispenser on the coffee table
Well, thanks anyway.
You know at the movies, they show that little ad for the concession stand?
What, What is this? What is she doing here?
Yeah, but what was the tone in her voice? How did she sound?
Well what about the week after?
Come on up. (to parents) It's George.
She's too good.
Hey,that might be a nice idea for George's wedding.
Hi, is Sandy here?
You dont know what it was.
Ah! boy.
No, that's Krama.
(worked up) Wh..what kinda show is that Sandos Brothers? They take your jacket, then they just throw it? I never heard of that!
So, you've done this?
Good evening, Rabbi.
(still watching tv; sounds like basketball) Bottle-wipe supercedes it.
C'mon, seriously...
Yeah, it's still got some spring in the strings.
Oh, nothing. (still giggling)
What the hell is that?
(surprise) This is your son?
You have a standard fake?
She said no?
(sarcastically) No you don't..
I couldn't do it without you.
Gotta support the team.
(deadpan) I think you need more sleep.
oh I'm sorry I didn't get most of that.. isn't that Kramer over there?
Well, I don't think more flan is the answer!
I'm not lying.
(to Kramer) Who is it?
George, where are those invitations? You were supposed to leave them with her doorman!
Yeah, a decent hotel-room, would it be terribly inconvenient if she stayed at my place.
How could I have fleas?
And you don't...
There is now. Kramer, you should really get that cough checked out by a doctor.
The New York Yankees?!
I can't take it.
No, intervene, go intervene all you want. I am just afraid you might be interfering while we're intervening.
I want to but I can't.
Oh uh, Elaine, this is my aunt Stella.
Thanks, that's very sweet, but that is not, a chicken.
A letter.
Under the sofa cushion.
Wow. Look at him. The Yankee Clipper
Yeah.
We'll see you later.
Ill give you a year.
Hurry up George! Step on it!
Well, ah.. (Takes his pillow) What? Kind of like this? (Violently smothers George with the pillow. George freaks out. He didn't think Jerry would actually do it)
I'm stunned, I'm shocked! How many times did you do this?
In your situation the only sex you're going to have better than make-up sex is if you're dent to prison and you have a conjugal visit.
(Pointing ahead) Look out!
Yeah
Not exactly.
How could you go in there?
No, I'm sure you are. I'm sure you are very close friends. Very close.
It's all taken care of.
You mean he just
All right, the next time you see him show him this. (He presents the bottle of fungicide.)
Oh, thank god. Why is it dark out? What time is it?
Biff?
Is this yours or the roommate's?
Do the medical journals mention anything about standing in a pool of someone else's urine?
Im not here, leave a message.
Kramer, Marcelino wants us to sell him Little Jerry Seinfeld.
Just, look, just give the keys.
All right. As long as youre okay. Because I cant stop thinking about her.
(walking over to where Kramer is posing) Hey, look at this guy!
We're four months apart.
Yes, I'm fine.
Aren't you coming with us to Spartacus?
What were you doing?
Yeah, I wanna get into a rumble...
What is that?
Yes, it was.
Well, I'm going down to that garage and telling him to stop doing it.
You know, we never had one fight before this deal.
Ten minutes.
Hey, I was dying over there.
He was down at the other end. So he yells out, "Ready, On your mark, Get set, " and I was so keyed up I just took off. By the time he said go I was ten yards ahead of everybody.
I don't think you are.
So, she mentioned she had a boyfriend and then it hit me. What do I need more closet space for? (Across the room) Hi, Marla.
Yeah...my wife.
What are you up to?
I'm getting bumped? You're bumping me from career day?
Say, I happened to catch you coming out of Schindler's List the other night.
Aw, that's kind of sweet.
(to George) Hey.
We? No.
(examining) Hey George, you know what? I think this crest is different. It's got a moose on it.
Yeah, and Poppie's got problems...
No Black Jack?
He's breaking up with his girlfriend tonight.
Yeah you've had like a religious awakening. You're like a bald-again.
Well, he kinda moved his head, you know. It mighta been on the zip up, I dunno.
Yeah, it looked as if you were in a real conversation over there.
Why?
Can I ask you a question?
Well what about me?
I'm clean and you know it.
(Chuckles) You don't know the half of it.
You are NOT sending me fifty dollars!
Kramer?!
Can I use your phone?
They're looking.
Come on up.
I was saying the same thing.
I still can't believe, you're going out on a blind date.
So you're denying him the scholarship just because he wants to be a city planner?
You don't understand. This is Fragile Frankie Merman. When we were in camp, if you upset him, he'd run out to the woods, dig a hole, and sit in it.
Congratulations!
This is my friend George.
Elaine, George (introducing them to Bania with less enthusiasm)
What's up?
George, it says it here on the phone. It's 12145 Ventura Boulevard. Aha, ok...do we know where the 101 is? (George shakes his head) No...do we know where 170 is? (George shakes his head) No...do we know where 134 is? (George just looks at Jerry) No. Aha, ok. (Jerry hangs up) He's gonna send a black and white to pick us up.
(answering machine) leave a message and I?ll call you back, thanks. JOE DIVOLA Jerry, Joe Divola. *Pbt* *Pbt* *Pbt* I have a hair on my tongue, I can't get it off, you know how much I hate that? Course you do, you put it there. I know what you said about me Seinfeld. I know you badmouthed me to the execs at NBC, put the kibosh on my deal. Now I?m gonna put the kibosh on you. You know I?ve kiboshed before, and I will kibosh again.
It's preposterous! They ask someone to take off a baseball cap at a baseball game. (beat) How can you defend that?
Where did you come up with all that stuff?
You see, now I really don't want to get into this, any kind of specifics...
Can you believe that?
Wavy.
Ooo, that was a bad toast.
I don't really have enough room.
You got me the air conditioner?
The doorman. I don't wanna play anymore of his mindgames. What time does he get off?
There is no other way in New York. Everybody goes every way all the time.
Could you make a little more noise? (To his parents) Listen, I'm gonna have to call you later.
To the Paul Simon concert in the park!
Come on up.
(exasperated) Ugh.
You can't. That's why they lose very few players.
Okay... but theres no cake or anything, if thats what youre looking for.
Yeah, you wrote a good piece on the Himalayan Walking Shoe.
Well you were too close to me, I was all scrunched in there.
But wouldn't that be the ultimate comedian's revenge? I've always had a fantasy about doing that.
But I don't want any "sweet action."
In other words, a normal relationship.
You're not qualified to work at the catalog.
Yes, but lets just stop it right there.
(trying to defuse the situation) Look, no-one is lifting anything.
Are we finished?
Looks like there is?
Are you sure?
So think you can handle this?
I don't know
(unimpressed) So, what's this guy about?
How did she do it? She's like Meryl Streep this woman. And I had to work the equipment. I'm not unskilled, I'm in the union. If she'd at least told me, maybe I could have done something about it.
Showmanship, George is trying to get out on a high note.
Well--wait--wait--wait--wait! What do you mean "involved"?!
You've tasted them?
With Jon Voight's teeth marks. (Looks at the owner's manual.) Owner's manual...you know what? This car was owned by Jon Voight.
George what the hell are you doing over there? I told you to mind your own business now stay out of my affairs!
I can't call Tim Whatley and ask for the tickets back.
What happened?
Good!
He's got the Kavorca. (looking towards the theater door, Jerry notices one of the movie goers) Hey, isn't that Willie, my dry-cleaner?
Oh yeah, that's the spot...
The police?
Sniffing, with his nose.
(To Elaine) Let me ask you a question.
I will, Babu! I will help you, Babu, don't worry!
(Sarcastic) Are they gonna go over the instructions again?
I think you're getting a ticket.
(walking out) Thanks for having me over, guys.
So what are you gonna do?
Here?
We don't know!
You?
Real busy now down at the office?
hey Kramer
It's over there. I know where it is.
It was stupid of me.
C'mon up. (turns to George) You know what? Do me a favor. Don't even do the move anymore. You're gonna give it a bad name.
Hey, I don't come down to where you work, and knock the license plate out of your hand.
She saved your life?
We cold play Sorry! We cold play Steal the Old Mans Bundle. (Vanessa not amused; Jerry thinking) Maybe I can get an extension cord and hang myself. (to Vanessa) What kind of perfume is that youre wearing?
Kramer, you threw a banana peel at a monkey?
How could you not?
(on the phone) hey Andre, get the hell off the phone!
He's a comedian.
Hello, Susan? It's Jerry.
(to Elaine) And where were you?
Well, maybe she was disconnected.
Alright, I'm just joking. Listen, have a nice trip.
I wouldn't know where to start.
Larry, wait, you don't understand!
What do you need me for?
He's a very special maniac.
Of course, I guess, maybe, some little problems could arise.
Oh yeah, like you know what you're talking about.
He lives in a bubble.
So that's here?
What?
Well, I'll tell you, she would have to be really vibrant. So vibrant, she'd be spinning.
All right.
Why can't you ever keep your big mouth shut?
(Calling after her) I mean, people - they're not interested in things like this. They don't want to hear about it. They really don't.
Actually, yeah. I'm meeting Mulva here in a few minutes.
Hmm, I really need to speak with him.
Well, congratulations my friend. You know, I'm sorry I missed the grand re-opening. I was out of town for about a week.
It's ludicrous..
I can't stand these guys. You give your number to them and then they don't call. Why do they do that?
Ah, she's okay.
Oh, no, uh, go ahead. You got a pen?
It was not!
You know, I think, I would rather date the deaf.
Well if you can't smell it then he hasn't been drinking.
Sounds like you're throwing a lot of their money around.
That's the *least* of what you've accomplished...
Look, we got five hours before the game. I am betting it was a funeral 'hello'. He knows we're here, he knows the number, he knows we want to go. There's plenty of time for him to call and give us the tickets.
He's invulnerable to creditors.
No, supermarket.
So you do live here.
Well what happened was my father was staying in the home of one of Red China's great military leaders, General Chang, who by the way came up with the recipe for General Chang's chicken. You know, the one with the red peppers and orange peel at Szechwan Gardens? GEORGE Sure, I have it all the time. Very spicy.
(hearing Newman turns and sees him) Hiya Newman.
No.
That's shocking, but sounds ...
You got sorbitant sesquioliate?
I'm sorry I can't do this. I can't do it. I can't. It, it's too soon. I don't know you. I can't help you move. I'm sorry. I can't. I just can't.
Oh, don't tell me. 'Cause he's black?
You didn't ask how she knows Marisa Tomei?
Yeah, I-I know...
(on the phone) ah no, I got the machine. Rachel! Are you there?! I got the place to myself for a few hours! Rachel! Where are you? Rachel! (hangs up the phone very disappointed)
Maybe they're admiring your spot.
Well , as I said this type of thing is very common in show business
Oh, The Muted Heart. Glen Close. Sally Field. Well, that should be good.
Well, I'm flattered that you would both appeal to my wisdom, but unfortunately, my friendship to each of you precludes my getting involved. What you need is an impartial mediator.
(excited) Oh, Hi Beth
(Sarcastic) Yeah, and it was rammed by the Cat Stevens.
So theyre not paying you your
The roommate will then offer her friend the requisite sympathy even as part of her cannot help but feel somewhat flattered by her inclusion in the unusual request.
Probably the reason..
Fine. Well.
(doing the voice) No-o-o-o.
This is gonna to be ugly. (quietly)
How come the psychiatrist, every, the hour is only fifty minutes? Wha, what do they do with that ten minutes that they have left? Do they just sit there going, "Boy, that guy was crazy. I couldn't believe the things he was saying. What a nut! Who's coming in next? Oh, no, another headcase!"
I do it, I'm not even getting the cleaning.
Why?
Yes, Im lactose intolerant.
All I said was I liked the pen!
No, what? Thats probably why..
(cont) and this whole justice league, Batman, Green Lantern, Wonder Woman. You mean to tell me Superman can't cover everything?
So you want me to get the books? Is that it?
Yeah, I think I will. I like the idea of having the law on my side.
I see a very cheap man holding a sweater trying to get away with something. That's my overview.
Oh, its just this stupid thing.
who do you think she is? how dare she? you want me to get the manager? too bad they don't have those old ladies walking around with flashlights anymore we'd flush her out
So you're nothing but a stoolie. Admit it.
What if it's your hair?
Mentor? You mean your boss.
What's the matter?
I tell ya, I don't see it happening.
You know, you can put that whole schedule right in your daily planner.
(backs his story) Hmm, hmm.
Where is this coming from? She's great!
Oh, yeah. Where the people eat the plant life. The edible foliage tour.
(Sarcastic) Have you ever told a woman to stop touching your leg?
Mulva? (waves off George with his hand)
So I said to him, "Whatever's necessary."
It still smells!
Thats not necessary. (George slams his menu down on the table repeatedly.) You know, maybe its not that bad an idea.
You don't understand what I'm up against. This is a force more powerful than anything you can imagine. Even *Superman* would be helpless against this kind of stench. And I'll take anything I can get for it.
Oh, I'm sorry. Look at me, I stepped on your last rose.
(animated) You know, I spent two hundred dollars on a racquet because I thought you knew what you were talking about.
You ran over some pigeons? How many?
Yeah!
They're the worst.
So see um, I didn't say that I wanted to rent it, I was just wondering if there were houses there to rent.
(To George) You're givin' him back that TV.
He's a very good friend of mine, he's kind've like an older brother to me...when things don't go right, he kinda takes it personally.
Maybe we should go.
Why were dogs chasing you?
It's early.
(bored) Come on, George. Pick a face and go with it.
(to Morty) Would you make this thing lower! I can hear it on the street!
different for a man
Ohh. Hey, how you feeling?
I showered! Oh, wait a second... Since I showered, I've been in the car!
Really?
Fire drill, can you believe that?
That's what I do with him [points at George]
I'm gonna get that. (walks across the set towards the blue curtain)
There were old people there, all the relatives. You were like a Red Fox record. I mean, at the end of the toast nobody even drank. They were just standing there, they were just frozen! That might have been one of the worst all time toasts.
I never told you his name.
Let's just make a run for it.
Almost. (Notices his shoes) Hey, new Timberlands?
I mean, let's say we did.
Oh whatta hell is goin'on?!
No, no. Its not your fault. Books, books, I need my books. Have you re-read those books yet, by the way? You know the great thing? When you read Moby Dick the second time, Ahab and the whale become good friends. You know, its not like Marlenes a bad person or anything, but, my God! I mean, weve had like three lunches and a movie, and she never stops calling. (George nods.) And its these meaningless, purposeless, blather calls. She never asks if Im busy or anything. I just pick up the phone, and shes in the middle of a sentence!
That's right. You're emotional.
No! I'm lefty, can't go right. What about women? Do they go left or right?
He gave her all the gifts; he felt guilty.
Elaine would never borrow that much money! (Jerry hugs Kramer, then grabs him by the cheeks.) Kramer, my God, man! This is beautiful! I think Im in the clear here. Elaines not moving in. I dont have to confront her. She has no idea I never wanted her to move in. Im golden!
Don't look at him. (Phil starts to knock on the door)
She died.
That was Keith.
Yeah.
Well I can't go to a bad movie by myself. Who am I gonna make sarcastic remarks to, strangers? Eh, I guess I'll just go to my uncle's.
About what?
(disappointed) Answering machine. (jovially) Oh, I hate the idea of somebody out there returning my calls.
(Jokingly making fun of George) I've never had a really good pickle.
Holland *is* the Netherlands.
Oh, that's *fantastic*!
No, there's less.
No, I tried. they don't know anything. (notices Elaine making egg creams) You gotta put the syrup in first.
Is Florida not hot and muggy enough for these people? They love heat. I mean if they ever decide to land men on the sun, I think these old retired guys would be the only ones that will be able to handle it. They'll just sit there on the sun, on the redwood benches, washcloth on the head going "Close the door, you're letting all the heat off the sun. I'm trying to get a sweat going."
Kramer, I'm tellin' you, Elaine doesn't know whatta hell she's doin'! I gotta take over this whole operation!
Ya how was it?
Mmm
Sheriff?........What's with the hat?
What is that smell?
Date with Karen?
[with glee] What is that, a Pez dispenser?!
You don't understand. This organ, it's very... schizophrenic.
I'm not sure, but I think she was nice. (takes a sip of water)
(To Elaine) It's an ambulance. (To the operator) I don't know but he's unconscious.
Well, frankly it is.
Ohhh... You know, the whole concept of lunch is based on tuna.
Tatiana...
well maybe she couldn't spare it
I gotta say, thats pretty sad. Losing out to a cat.
I didn't know she would laugh.
That doesn't work, we'll give 'em Kramer!
Alright, I'll change my shoes. (Heads back to his apartment. George follows.)
Always popular.
(whining like Kramer) Ask Newman.
(NO!)
She got the promotion?
You're not paying.
Yeah so?
I know. It's like X-ray vision.
But its common sense. Hes got super strength, super speed. Im sure hes got super humor.
So what are these?
I think your taking the trash out for this chicken place, but that couldn't be.
He told me a few months ago.
They're closed.
...Alright, you're locked up in a prison in Turkey, I have your wallet. The only way I can bribe the guards to get you out is for you to give me your ATM code.
Hey, I got news for you, if we're making this movie, we gotta get a table immediately.
Really.
No, not a thing.
Oh, you are? I guaranty you, Lupe is going to tuck your covers in.
So I have to choose between seeing you and doing the voice?
Yeah. are you full?
What? Leave? Where? Why?
I'm gonna put Elaine's stuff in here.
"What the hell his a velvet fog."
Well, after he bit my friend--
I got my health.
I have a vague recollection of doing something with someone, but it was a long, long time ago.
(whispers) Haymen, Are you sure?
We'll always have...pancakes.
Hello... Hello. Is Glen there?... Im sorry. Is this 805-555-3234?... Yes, I know I have the wrong number, but I just want to know if I dialed wrong or if...
So I dont know what shes using it for.
More like a dope was giving it to her straight. Another cup of coffee with you, she'll wind up in a convent.
Hey look at this. What is going on here?
Hey look at you.
Well, perhaps when she's released from the burn center, she'll see things differently.
I mean it's a terrible mistake, I mean he thinks I ruined some deal of his at NBC, I don't know anything about any deal at NBC.
Hey, Elaine.
I don't believe this. (They run into theater)
I like to use my own material.
Uh haha ya well uh I'm sorry too I'll call you later, ok bye (hangs phone up)
She went out to get her head shaved.
Bankruptcy, bankruptcy...as in I've taken your money and spent it on drugs!
Was it eaten?
Oh, okay.
Not if they don't know you...
Well, I was here, thats everyone (laughing).
Hey Fred.
No. So, we're still on to see uh, Firestorm tonight?
So, are you gonna go out with her?
My house? You gotta be on the lease to press to buzzer. Yeah? (to the intercom)
Hey.
That's the spirit. You suck!
More cereal? that's your third bowl today, you had it for breakfast and lunch.
I'll be right back. (Leaves the table.)
Oh really? Elaine Marie Benes...
Yeah, like fifty bucks a month.
Did you at least get him a card?
Are you?
Look just because Kramer vomited on her doesn't mean the deal is dead.
It was wonderful.
I missed you.
I think that's a 5-19.
Not bad. Wuh--what does she--
All right, that's enough. Now get going. Get outta here. (Tim and his staff enter)
We were talking about our lives and we both kind of realized we're kids. We're not men.
I'm still here. Listen, you gotta go down to the Diplomat's Club...
yeah, so?
Dermatology?
(Takes the ticket back and looks at it, flips it over) The dry-cleaning numbers are gone too.
Why?
Everyday.
Sure.
I've gotta see this game. If it wasn't for this guy, we could get out of here.
Hey.
Why did you give him MY number?
I'm kinda in the middle of something.
Kramer's guys?
That's what it costs!
But that's your routine.
Poor Beth.
Super terrific carpal tunnel syndrome.
Alright, hang on. Let me call Kramer and see if you can hear anything, hold on. >click click click<...
You can eat it?
You don't consider age in the face of cleavage. This occurs on a molecular level, you can't control it! We're like some kind of weird fish where the eyes operate independently of the head.
Thank you.
Well here's your chance to try the opposite. Instead of tuna salad and being intimidated by women, chicken salad and going right up to them.
How do you like that?
(picks up phone) Hello? (listens) Oh, hi Mr. Pitt.
Well that's all I got.
Hey. Don't worry it hasn't started.
Oh, we're still going, we're still going. Elaine, do the spokes model.
Well what am I going to tell Alex?
I'm calling dentists all day here, there's nobody working the day before Thanksgiving.
Beautiful!
You faked it? Why would you do that?
A - Ha! Nice try, my friend, but you gotta get up pretty early in the morning..
Mom, you too?
We're going to Atlantic City.
I'll see you tonight. (he's opening his door apartment as Kramer comes out of his in a bathrobe)
I mean, if you feel funny about it, at all.
Alright, Do your thing, where you lie to everyone.
We'll come to work with you.
Hey ,You think that Shelly's upset that I made such a big deal about the pecan.
I got some Cubans for George's wedding. They were more than I wanted to pay for but what the hell!
Is that so unforgivable? Is that like breaking a commandment? Did God say to Moses thou shalt not pick?
And you misinterpret this how?
Are you kidding? I could spot that bird's nest two blocks away.
Well no, that's one. We have many others. We have an idea where, uh, I get into an accident with a guy who has no insurance and the judge sentences him to be my butler. (Everyone laughs) You know he cooks for me, he has to cook for me... He cleans my house, he's doin' my shopping, you know? I'm walkin' around with one of those big neck collars.
Oh, look! There's Gregory Peck's bicycle!
I'll pass.
He didn't come within two feet of the thing. He's wavin at it... So, I told him if he picks us up at the airport, he wouldn't have to pay me anything.
Not here? Why was I told to come down here?
Sorry. Hang on.
wait, where are you going? where are you going?
Really?
She wants to be back on yours.
(to the phone) George, whats going on?!
I'm a good son.
Oh, the best revenge is living well.
Wonder about what?
You know what, let's go to that mall in Liberal(sp?) before we go to the party. We'll have to take your car, it's got the most room.
I really don't see the difference.
I once got Happy New Yeared in March.
I never said that I was the architect. Just somethin else.
No games? What is the point of dating without games? How do you know if you're winning or losing?
All right. Take it back.
It doesn't have to be someone who gets a lot of women. It could be just some guy with a big ass.
Bye shmoopy.
(Pleading) Really, gentlemen, please.
Oh, man!
Right. Kramer and I saw it last night. Spock dies, they wrap him up in a towel, and they shoot him out the bowel of the ship in that big sunglasses case.
Come on up.
Just get the key and let's get out of here.
The question is, did you allow a space for the husband to come in with his 'God bless you'? Because as the husband, he has the right to first refusal.
He had to use cork-screw pasta.
Hello... Oh hi Patty, thanks for calling me back. I-I just wanted to ask you a question when we we're going out did you have orgasms?... Okay, thanks... No that's it... Ya, Okay, bye.
Yeah.
We, we got a big meeting with the president of NBC.
I didn't know she was married.
Oh, I'm gonna puke.
Well, theres this uh, woman might be comin in.
This is what I like, see? You come home and your parents are in your bed!
Yes, well that was nothing.
I don't believe this.
So eventually these people came and, somebody, gave him mouth-to-mouth.
Really? What's it like? Is it nicer than mine? Where does he have the couch?
I always get confused in the movie theater by the, by the plot. It's embarrassing. It's an embarrassment to have to admit, but I'm the one that you see in the parking lot after the movie talking with his friends, going, "Oh, you mean that was the same guy from the <beginning>... Ohhhhhhhhhh..." Nobody will explain it to you. When you're in the theater, you can't find out. [whispering to imaginary friends seated around him] "Why did they kill that guy?... Why did they kill him?... Who was that guy? What was the... I thought he was with them? Wasn't he with them? Why would they kill him if he was with them? Oh, he wasn't *really* with them.... I thought he was with them. It's a good thing they killed him.''
Yeah, well they tape it in the afternoon and then they air it at 1130.
So, she got you to join a book club?
Hey, what happened? I thought Cheryl was gonna help Babu get his Visa.
yeah yeah what is it with you and Tony? what are you? it's like his sidekick now?
Okay..
What's she like?
Right, Dana Folley.
I mean, I know it's the wrong thing to do. She works in Elaine's office. I know it's wrong - but I can't get that hand off my leg. I mean, I'm looking at the hand, and I'm thinking, "That hand should not be on my leg." But I can't make my brain to get my mouth to say the words, "Would you mind?!"
I can't believe I'm having trouble getting rid of Super Bowl tickets.
It's easier for a woman not to do it than a man.
Oh, a walk, well --
"Jerry"!
No, Uh, hey I guess I'll see you Sunday night.
So I know this guy. Im getting all my sneakers at a discount now.
Stinks!
Oooh! I got a pain in my side.
Well , now I'm engaged..
What do you mean, you got it?
Didn't you explain that to the cop?
You see? That's just what I need. More kissing!
What stock?
Yeah, whats it like?
Me too!
Is that still from the cats?
Well, he cant kill me, right?
Thats different. I didnt have feelings for those people. But you, youll backslide
Yeah, well, y'know what? If I gotta go, and spend time with this girl, then you're coming with me, Dr. Cyclops!
This is George, this is Kramer.
It was just a couple of blocks.
I need a miracle.
All right, that's not bad. Now get over here!
Ah, well. Thank you very much!
Oh, wow.
So he just gets soup. He wants to save the meal. So now I got to do it all over again.
Yeah, that was bad.
Great!
Evry-Every time somebody recommends a doctor, he's always the best. "Oh, is he good?" "Oh, he's the best. This guy's the best." They can't all be the best. There can't be this many bests. Someone's graduating at the bottom of these classes, where are these doctors? Is somewhere, someone saying to their friend, "You should see my doctor, he's the worst. Oh yeah, he's the worst, he's the absolute worst there is. Whatever you've got, it'll be worse after you see him. No, he's just, he's a butcher. The man's a butcher." And then there's always that, "Make sure that you tell him that, you know, you know me." Why? What's the difference? He's a doctor. What is it, "Oh, you know Bob! Okay, I'll give you the real medicine. And everybody else, I'm giving Tic-Tacs."
Babu, you're Pakistani, right?
Oh yeah.
I don't believe it.
I don't think so...
The works for the NYU school newspaper. She's a grad student in journalism. Never been to a comedy club. Never even seen me, has no idea who I am.
Really...
This is too much.
When you hear like a soft russeling.
Hey. Elaine's quitting.
I was going to say, "Being a good host."
I don't know why you want to play man-to-man when you could play a zone.
The pilot's back on. In fact, Elaine's going out with him tomorrow night. (Gail nods and walks away.) Listen, Elaine, you know if Russell mentions anything about the pilot, you'll of course tell him how much you liked it...?
(getting out his wallet) Uh, one second.
Yeah, I guess. But the really cool thing is the daily planner.
(Threatening tone) So, listen, Puddy. When we first started this deal, I thought things were gonna be different. Now, if you want to play hard ball, I got my friend, George, here, and he can play pretty hard ball. (Leaving the negotiation to George) George, vein it up.
Well, I don't think I want to date a protg whose mentor is a Costanza.
(surprised) Alright.
Ah hah, alright, let's go.
Do I have to ask?
I'm sorry too.
(doubtful) I don't know, do you have a--
No more mentor?
What? The physical therapist? Why?
(Excited) I can't believe I'm gonna be a mailman!
This old thing?
(watching the whole conversation from his desk) What plans?
(holding up a piece of paper) I don't want to see this woman anymore but I haven't got the will power to throw out her number. Please, help me. Help me.
(cautiously) Who is it?
(after entering) The bedroom!
You mean stakeout the lobby?
(Answering to the intercom) Yeah?
(To Kramer) Hey, hey, what the hell is he doing?
Oh, okay.
Ho ho!
Rabies.
Kramer, I don't know if you're getting that bike.
I see you, Newman! I see you!
(Smiling to himself) Beautiful.
Hi, Elaine.
How did she get Lyme disease?
You touched 'em?!
Yeah, no one's reading any rolled-up messages in a knish...
Have you slept with him yet?
You know what you're doing, don't you? You're killing Independent Jerry! I gotta go see my Uncle Leo. I think he may have made a big mistake.
Can I speak with this Bookman?
Oh yeah. The second button is the key button. It literally makes or breaks the shirt. Look at it, it's too high, it's in no-man's land.
He couldn't.
How can you do this?
Yeah, me neither.
(Trying to block out Kramer, he starts to sing along with the TV) The wheels on the bus go round and round, round and round, round and round. The wheels on the bus..
Tryptophan.* (*footnote - see end of script)
Yes, I know youre not gonna do it. Thats why I bet.
Yeah, it's all swollen. I think I may have chipped a tooth when I fell yesterday.
That puddle! (Kramer sees the puddle and does a double-take.)
He called you?
So, you won't eat the pizza?
Yeahhh, am I imagining this? (he whips out the movie stub and holds it up to Willie) Found this little cutie in the pocket. (throws the stub on the counter)
Why wouldnt he?
Hey! How you doin'?
You're the best.
I'm telling you, the guy took.....
Why?
So he's been lying to me for two months?!
Hey!
You put that in!
Well it must be comforting to know you'll be going straight to hell at no more than three miles an hour.
Help yourself.
Wednesday? What, what Wednesday?
I know. Pretty steep.
That's a five.
Uh, no, he's taking the car.
Well, now she's not going away for this weekend.
Well, you're your own boss now.
Uh huh.
(closing the door on him) Oh!
She knew who I was! She saw me in a club one time! My first date ever with the Pacific Rim. I'm very excited.
So, how did you meet him?
Right.
Aah.
(Pauses, noting Elaine's quick accept) fault. (Starts to write a check out, then stops, looking at the door) Do you smell smoke?
No. He keeps asking me to give him a high-five.
Could you?
Yeah, isn't that something?
Cause sometimes I write in bed and I have to turn and lean on my elbow to make the pen work.
Yes. Melrose Place.
Really...
What did you wanna be?
Jerry.
(reluctant) Nah, nah. I'd rather...
(answering) Hello?
Well she got up to the line of scrimmage, didnt like the looks of the defense and changed the play.
Yeah, it got a good laugh. Let me just check my messages before we go.
Ouf.
(to Elaine) Hey, do you think I'm phony?
Honey... Aren't we going to the Poconos next Friday?
They make wigs out of human hairs?
That's good, then I get the apartment for at least one night. You know I'm paying for this whole Paris trip it's their anniversary present.
Yeah, uh, Ok, uh, tomorrow uh, where da ya - where do you live, uh, up town? Upper west side?
Oh man. Looks like you got quite a few people here.
Well, if it isn't Mr. Blackwell.
(incredulous) Oh, come on!
All right, very funny. I get it.
Well it's not an easy thing to bring up.
Uh, yeah, I'm familiar with some of his writing. (George shoots Jerry a smirk, then returns to his book) Alright, (Hand the check to Elaine) look, we gotta get back to work. We just had a big breakthrough here.
Alright, I'll take it.
Welcome back to the show.
(Interrupts) Excuse me...Excuse me... Are you asking him out ?
Hey look ,you know, you're the one who's locked out. I'm letting you stay here. You're wearing my bathrobe. You should adapt to me.
You're behind in the count.
Oh, now you're being ridiculous.
It's a movie stub from the 930 show. George, I think Willie the dry-cleaner has been wearing my clothes.
(to himself) Still a rip-off.
Hey, let me ask you something. How long do you have to wait for a guy to come out of a coma before you can ask his ex-girlfriend out?
Oh yeah. He'd hold national security meetings in there. He planned the Hanoi bombing after a bad Thai meal.
Yeah, and, (Pointing to his watch) because of the.. (Slowly exiting) time.
And weren't there a feats of strength that always ended up with you crying?
So, on the show, there's a character named George Costanza?
Well, I just wanted to make out a little, but she kind of--
Yeaaaah!!!
Yes, yes, he is.
I've never been a guinea pig. I've been a sheep, a tody.
While you were in jail. So you're free.
Oh, you're not kiddin'. Who'd 've figured Susan would break up with him? They had a good thing going.
One-Q? Whose apartment is that?
Hey there he is. So what happened? Could she detect it?
Well what about her?
I got a bottle of scotch my uncle gave me. It's Hennigans. It's been here for two years. I've been using it as a paint thinner.
She had a good time.
See you later. (to Elaine) Well we cant all be dating podiatrists. (Elaine laughs)
No, no, no, no, no, no, no! What were you thinking when you shot this?
Disorder?
Nah, that's fine. No problem. I'll meet somebody else.
First of all, I can't believe that people actually do fight. People have fist fights in life. I can't really believe that we have boxing either. It's really kind of an amazing thing. To me, the problem with boxing is - you have two guys having a fight that have no prior argument. Why don't they have the boxers come into the ring in little cars, drive around a bit, have a little accident? They get out, "Didn't you see my signal?" "Look at that fender!" ..Then you'd see a real fight.
Am not.
Oh, and who might that be?
So?
Why don't you try your engagement story?
You're not worried about that?
What are you doing here?
You know when I told him it was beautiful there, out of the clear blue sky he says there's nothing to rent. As if he doesn't want anyone else there.
Thanks.
She's okay.
Do you want me to break up with you?
Well maybe in hardball with all the signals and everything but I'm just lobbing it in. We don't have any conferences. He doesn't come out to the mound and encourage me.
Lopper. You know, Lisi, maybe we should give this a little more time. See how it looks in the light of day.
No I dont see it.
What are you gonna do? Badger a pregnant woman at her own baby shower?! What are you, gonna take it off and make her rinse it in club soda?
Neither do I, but I do it for them. I figure they're bored.
No, Leo's not there. He's got a girlfriend, Lydia. In fact, he moved in with her.
I'll tell you what the big advantage of homosexuality is. If you're going out with someone your size, right there you double your wardrobe.
You hear about that kid that was kidnapped the other day in Pennsylvania?
There is no way Ellen is the loser of that group.
Just, uh, plop it on the counter there.
He was what?!
What? It's a victimless crime.
(confused) Dinner? W..What time is it?
How long are you suppose to leave it on for?
Are you serious, what about Elaine?
He asked me to. We were getting along.
I'll tell you what I would like you to do with it.
Inka-dink, a bottle of ink, the cork fell out, and you stink.
It's funny!
You're just like George. George'd do the same thing. You're just like him. It's amazing!
No, I had to tell my friends  my friends didnt have to tell you.
You're right he's insane.
I actually met her a few weeks ago, but... (Jerry stops, and mentally visualizes George telling Susan about how Jerry got Lena's number from the AIDS list...then Susan passing the information along to Monica on the phone at work.)
Absolutely.
(Jokingly rubbing it in) As opposed to a spirited bout of Skanko-Roman wrestling.
Hi.
Pretty much.
Hi.
(To George) What's the matter?
What is it your business?
You don't want to go with me?
No, not on me.
She doesn't open...?
Oh, she worked at Doubleday...?
I don't see you as a Susie. Sharon maybe.
(to himself) Hmm, testy.
No. No, I can't!
Well, you look, uh...relaxed.
A leg man? Why would I be a leg man? I don't need legs. I have legs. Have you ever seen her naked in the locker room?
No, nothing.
Shower?
Im in heaven.
We don't know. He says ask somebody, ask that guy.
Right, just like you.
Lord of the manor.
Good to have you back.
Nah. No one's ever been shot in the city.
Who do I know who would have even been in a limousine yesterday anyway. Uhh-O h-owow!
We're talking.
I reckon.
In my pajamas? I better get my robe.
Yeah!
Yeah, so?
Your off-Broadway play.
Which part? The renovating the restaurant you dont own part or spending the two hundred million you dont have part?
Get out! (pushes Elaine) How? How did you do that?
Something huh?
Hey, Ray.
How did you know I was here?
I can't believe it. He *stole* my move.
Why don't you get someone else from the office to go get Pisano's for you?
But you were supposed to get me a refund.
That's disgusting.
How much was under there?
What's the matter? What's going on?
No, look, you don't understand. I, I want the picture.
The boom box incident?
My grandfather gave me a statue!
Hey, what about Russell? Did you hear from him?
Lannie, how was the trip?
(picking up his bag and coat) Who's she dating? Mr Peanut?
(quietly) I told you to cut it out.
Huh. Kurt's an organ donor.
You're making a big mistake, Joe!
how's you get her to meet here?
Really.
Would she have hooks?
No, but ah, seen any good movies lately?
What if you get involved with a woman? How're you gonna tell her?
Ah, but he called me up and he asked for yours and Elaine's addresses, I'm sure that means I'm invited.
Hello.
Oh, right... But you *hated* it!
Yeah, well, it's honest.
Ahh!!! They're out!
(re the underwear pile) Well, I'm gonna have to move now.
Me.
But wait a minute...
No. You?
So he's an eligible receiver.
No, no no [Elaine enters, flossing teeth] Elaine what's the name of that friend of yours ... that's a therapist ... the woman.
Prognosis *negative*!?
I don't get this Scissorhands. What, is he supposed to be like a super hero, like Green Lantern or somebody? What's with this guy? (Gino looks at him annoyed) Just asking.
Hey.
Uh, yeah. I found it on the street. It's gotta be worth something.
Because she came down to the club and heckled me! Give her a taste of her own medicine! (George enters.)
So you do want it.
Yeah, Queens.
Hello... Oh hi dad... You saw him?... Really with the ice cream?... All right I'll talk to you later, bye.
No one's stealing a tractor, it's a five-mile-an-hour getaway. We're dancing around the obvious, it's gotta be disfigurement.
Kramer, what happened to the building?! The electricity went out!
But thats what podiatrists do. They deal in fungus. Theyre knee- deep in fungus. This guy knows fungus.
If someone asked me nicely. I'm Claude Seinfeld.
What do you mean you don't like it? How could you not like it?
(frowning in realization) Oh, no!
I don't know what to do.
I don't wanna be Switzerland.
He could have said "Thank you, I like it too" and put it back in his pocket.
Fine.
So you never saw Last Tango in Paris?
Faster than a speeding bullet Lois.
Yeah, if you've been exposed to gamma rays.
Hmm.
Hey.
I got ripped off for about the...18th time? And now, the first couple a times you go through it, its very upsetting and your first reaction or one of your friends will say, Call the police. You really should call the police. So you think to yourself, you know, you watch TV, you think, Yeah, Im calling the police. Stakeouts, manhunts... Im gonna see some real action. Right, you think that. So, the police come over to your house, they fill out The Report. They give you Your Copy. Now, unless they give the crook his copy, I dont really think were gonna crack this case, do you? Its not like Batman, where theres three crooks in the city and everybody pretty much knows, who they are. Very few crooks even go to the trouble to come up with a theme for their careers anymore. It makes them a lot tougher to spot. Did you lose a sony? It could be the Penguin. I think we can round him up, hes dressed like a PENGUIN! We can find him, hes a PENGUIN!
You really want to?
You didn't mind?
We're gonna have to talk about this later. (Elaine holds the door open for Jerry while holding her leg) Thank you. Taxi!
(Looking away) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Skin cancer! Damn.
Yeah, so she and "Triangle Boy" can go out to fancy restaurants. (takes a sip of water)
Yeah. They should make a movie about all the Hindenburg flights that made it.
All right, well, we should all chip in I guess.
All right we're coming down.
I was the last one on the end. George was next to me. And Mr. Bevilacqua, the gym . . .
No! There's no T-bone!
Hey, wait a second. You know, we could share a cab. They're playing at the same Cineplex.
Right, I don't want Bridget to think I stood her up. I'll never get another date with her. She'll freak out.
George...
It's a simple question...
Why did he fire her?
Yeah.
Is he on the plane now?
She suggested it!
Why don't we just rent a movie?
(stands, puzzled, it's not sinking in) W-what do you mean?
Right. It's just an activity. It's like that paddle with the ball and the rubber band.
Because the judge decreed he'd become my butler, not my friend's butler.
Too Gubernatorial. (?)
He went back? What do you mean he went back?
Oh, Hi.
Hello
Hey, I'm being heckled on stage. People are yelling out Galloogy.
Really?
Wow!
I had a very interesting lunch with GEORGE Costanza today.
Yeah, okay. (to Elaine) They may have found the car.
My honest opinion, I think she made it up.
Well, I-I gotta call the Hospital. I gotta tell 'em what happened.
Just a quick peek. I'm in agony.
Yeah, that's your thing.
Well you can't tell someone how you feel about their girlfriend until after they stop seeing them.
Happy camper , I don't hear that expression enough.
Good.
I don't know. Maybe they gave out fig leaf clumps to all the soldiers.
I'm Jerry Seinfeld.
You don't think she's attractive?
She might be. She's the star of the show.
Change? (thoughtful) Yes, I think that's a super idea.
I'm taking the kid out to dinner to chear him up.
No. It's still a goodbye.
I'm going out with one of the Miss America contestants, you wanna go?
Funny is funny, we're here to entertain, right?
Fluff and Fold. The only way to live. (snapping fingers in tune with words) I drop it off. I pick it up. It's a delight.
Hi.
(to Kramer) Hey, NBC okayed our idea. We're gonna make the pilot.
Now, there's a career path you may have overlooked.
why do you do that?
I like that. (He opens the closet. Elaine walks out with an angry look.) What do you think, George?
What's wrong with your oven?
You know, he's right. It's not her place to criticize the script, which reminds me - what did you think of it? You never told me.
No.
Oh! you just startin' now?
Oh.
To me, the whole concept of fear of success is proof that we are definitely scraping the bottom of the fear barrel. Are we gonna have to have AA-type meetings for these people? They'll go "Hi, my name is Bill, and the one thing I'm worried about is to have a stereo and a cream-colored couch." According to most studies, people's number-one fear is public speaking. Number two is death. *Death* is number two! Now, this means to the average person, if you have to go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy.
Let me explain something to you. You see, youre not normal. Youre a great guy, I love you, but youre a pod. I, on the other hand, am a human being. I sometimes feel awkward, uncomfortable, even inhibited in certain situations with the other human beings. You wouldnt understand.
Wait, that's you?
She lives right off Riverside Park. I was scared of the Lopper, So I let her stay over.
No.
It's only nine o clock.
See, to me, the Hakuna Matata is not nearly as embarrassing as the cup of soup...
(to George) Again with the sweat pants?
We're gonna meet Elaine and Peterman at the Chinese place.
Is he from the future?
You're getting married?
George...
Oh, did you bring the bar-b-que sauce?
Oh, what are you doing here?
This is some FINE mutton.
Yes, well, of course, but, even so, you may wanna talk to a lawyer.
Oh, uh, nice to meet you. Where's Russell?
[indignantly] What's the matter with you?
Hold it, George. Don't move. It's right between your eyes.
See, again, I really don't feel that...
No, I kinda tried to test his hearing.
Um, I don't even know?
But I'm not a disturbance!
I can see that! What happened?
I wanna see what's happening.
What--of course, without Reggie Miller, it's a blowout!
Yeah, see ya.
No I don't think so. I saw Newman as I was leaving but see me.
Women go after doctors like men go after models. They want someone with knowledge of the body.. we just want the body.
Well... we should...
Here we go.
Grandma Memma?
(leaning out the window) Hey Georgie!
why don't you just break it off with her. tell her it's over
Not if you have a doctor's note.
C'mon...c'mon...
The Chinese , the Chinese bald cure.
I've hardly been out to dinner with them.
I was just trying to help your bitter, twisted friend.
All the comedians were happy. He was one of these club owners nobodu liked anyway. But Richie was never the same.
Back to my place. That's right.
What, you got a problem with the pen now?
You know you're getting gypped over here.
It's like a game of tag.
Yeah, I finally got to see Dr. Kazarian. He said it was really bad.
Isn't he, Elaine?
Yeah, but this is different , this is like ,you know, semi digested food stuff. You know the next stop is the stomach and you can take it from there.
Well this is interesting.
It's a woman in your room. So go ahead.
Mom, I didn't rat out Uncle Leo. I just wanted the guard to scare him straight.
Show the doll - show the picture of George's mother.. it's pretty funny. (Moving toward the phone) I'm gonna call them.
Dead?
Lopper.
No kidding. (thinking) Why is this happening? Please, make her stop!
Oh my God, Kramer, is that woman just wearing a bra?
We're going scuba diving. We'll be back in time.
No, it's ok.
Stupid cigars. You know if I didn't send Nikki over to talk to him they wouldn't be together.
Is that it?
Oh, come on. Thats not true.
Oh come on, we're gonna start doing this now? I can't be taking all your dry-cleaning in!
So was I right? She likes me, right?
Good idea. (Jerry calls Barry's office)
Where's George?
Imagine how sick a person has to be to do something like that. (she starts the quick hand chops on his back) And these people are all over the place. You never know who's crazy, I could be one of these people.
You can't make it?
(Wanting to get started) Just - just park yourself. (George reluctantly sits on the sofa) Alright. Act I, Scene A.
(screams).
Ah, I'm jealous of everybody.
I'm swamped.
So, tell me anyway. Who was the BIG mastermind?
What about all your Jewish jokes?
Okay.
I think I'm pretty much like you-- only successful.
Yeah, I saw the spot.
I dunno. It's like, if one of 'em dies, the other one wants to bench press the casket.
Quiet. I'm trying to get a picture.
Well I don't want to take too much off.
Hi.
Take it.
Have you ever seen yourself? (She starts dancing) Ah, ah, please, please. Not in my home. I gotta go throw this stuff in the laundry. I'll be right back.
Let's get out of here.
All right take it easy, just take it easy.
Hey.
No no come on really, get another one. Itll take a second.
(Defensively) Now, bear in mind, I am just trying to keep up.
(Seeing a street vendor) Hey, it's the bootlegged Death Blow that I shot.
Whad you think Susan?
That's not the point. You put me in a position where I had no choice.
Wow! Zanadu . No wonder youre putting in so many hours. (looks at urinal) May I?
You know, he came by here at 3 o'clock in the morning to pick up the tape. I was scared out of my mind!
(thinking) Bad man? Could've my mother been wrong?
Well, what is it you object to? The comfort? The Speed? The convenience?
Oh, get out of here.
Well, if you can't tell Susan about it, then there's something wrong.
Yeah. Wha - what, does she live with them?
Fine. Break up with her. But you know what this means?
Well ... ok, I guess (voice trailing off)
Want, want? What could I possibly want? Uh, I just came because I, I heard so many nice things about you from George.
Alright, I'll see you Thursday night, right?
Yeah, yeah.
(to Kramer) It was all over! Taken care of. Done! Finished. Five thousand. Wheres she gonna get five thousand? She doesnt have five thousand. Clean. Good bye. Shes gone. Then you come in, Why dont you loan her five thousand? What do you care? Youve got five thousand. Give her five thousand!
Oh Yeah we went way out and wild.
Since when are you treating me to medicine? What are you doing? You're stealing this, aren't you?
I know, I should've asked her.
Is it...? Could it...? Could he have...? IT IS! (Grabs Kramer.) Poppie peed on my sofa!!
No, thank you.
Yeah, come on Elaine, lets go.
I did not cheat.
I can't believe it! You may have hit with this one!
Ah, Ah, Ahhhhh!!!!!!
What's the difference? You never showed up.
You gotta go to my chiropractor, hes the best.
I mean, she's giving and caring and genuinely concerned about the welfare of others - I can't be with someone like that!
No.
I'm too tired.
Why?
How about this, you put your car in the good spot, that'll hold the good spot in front of the good building, and we can get the good car!
Oh my...
Hello? Oh, hi honey. (annoyed, weary) Yes, I told him. I'll get it. (George and Elaine give each other a look, then leave Jerry to argue with Meryl on the phone.) Whenever. Okay, I'm sorry...
Uh, well, she uh, probably just wanted to be able to keep tabs on you.
You mean to tell me if I had put that drink six inches over to the right, and none of this would have happened.
Yes you do, Biff. You've never been to a Flea Market, and you think they have fleas there.
Oh, about the... uh (Jerry pretend to wash his hands)
Well, everything's goin' great except, basically, I'm payin' for sex.
C'mon Ponytail ...Get real.
I, I love that George.
Yes?
(picks up the headphones) That was Elaine...
A wuss?
Look, please stop! Let me help you with that!
Well what does this mean?
"Hey, by the way, did you ever call that guy from the health club.?"
Go ahead.
They know how to make 'em...
Rachel!
Oh, because of all the singing?
Is this the suicide talk or the nickname talk?
That's why you're going to the Super Bowl.
She's an eskimo, actually.
Oh, look at that. I'm almost outta Klondike bars.
You got the picnic and burger traffic.
I know I can't beat ya, I'm just trying to stay competitive.
Friend!
Beside that. Look at the waitresses.
I'll make them later. Uh.
They're having sex in the hotel room.
No.
I'm having surgery tomorrow.
Fine.
No.
Yeah, and?
Really? How come you never pursued her before?
What do you mean replace it?
Kramer, it is not what you think.
He wants me to help him move.
You know, I shouldn't go out with a friend of yours. I foresee messiness.
(exasperated) Where do I find these guys?
(Shouting) Come on up! (Opens his door for Elaine)
(Doesn't have a care in the world) ..Maybe I'll try that pesto.
Star Trek II.
Yeah, and youre just what shes looking for too  a stranger leering through a pair of binoculars ten floors up.
Uh, just my next door neighbor.
Oh hey, there's Ramon. Pre, pretend we're talking.
Why?
He *had* cancer!
Hey, if I knew I had to give him eight million 'thank you's, I wouldn't have taken the tickets in the first place.
And it's probably a union thing.
(reading) Jewish singles night?
Well, I can't argue with that, but the fact remains... I was completely... (to himself, cursing her) Mulva!
And what did she do?
This is an emergency? You need a bathing suit?
Say Dad, (pointing at a raincoat sitting on the carousel next to an open box) isn't that one of yours?
What if hes in an iron lung or something? What are you gonna do? (Jerry knocks on imaginary glass.) How you feeling, Mr. Wilkinson? (He makes a hissing sound.) By the way, whats happening with Sendrax?
(yelling) Yes I told him the Packyderm story!
I didn't tell her you stupid idiot. She tricked you.
(On the phone) Nina, Hi. It's Jerry.
Hey, Lainie, how's the trip going?
I really thought you had her there at seventeen thousand.
All of a sudden it hit me, I realized what the problem is; I can't be with someone like me.. I hate myself!! If anything I need to get the exact opposite of me....It's too much. It's too Much I can't take it ...I can't take it!!!
Well, if you ever talk to her, tell her Im sorry. Elaine too. She feels terrible.
Bert Harbinson? It sounds made up.
yeah,
It's not here.
Nothin' much. I slept with Elaine last night.
No! Stop it! Kramer, stop it!
You barbecuing tonight?
No, I'm just a little uh, worn out.
No. The police have no leads (sitting on the couch arm) and I just found out today my insurance doesn't cover it.
(Sarcastic) Oh, I'm sure she'll come around.
Oh that's an old wives tale.
Well you're not Lois Lane.
Why don't you just have him paged?
(dry) He knows.
Hi, happy birthday.
No, I mean, I don't think so.
Aaah...
(not enthousiastic at all) Oh, sure. Danny.
The pop-in.
Do you want it?
I don't get this. How did this happen. I don't have a dog.
Wait, I got another call. That must be him. [clicks over] Hello?
No, I believe he can.
Yes, they do!
Yeah, but it's like another comedian stealing my material.
You're pretending to live in a janitor's closet, just to get this flounder?
Where's the heat in this car? Come on Elaine warm me up, oh! I'm cold. Just give me a little squeeze.
(in an attempted Scottish accent) Come on, try it. Let me hear you try a Scottish accent.
Nobody can be in here for 48 hours, I got my parents in town.
Why can't you get it?
Oh, it's unbelievable. Every time you use it you feel like you just came from the dentist!
He picks it up - he stares at it - It's like he's hypnotized by it. Then he's telling us this story about how when he was a kid he was in the car with his father, and his father was trying to load one of them
Fine. An' I'm not just sayin' that..
alright I changed my mind, uh yeah I don't think I'm not gonna go now
I think I've seen that look.
What?
Hi.
(writing) Here's my address and number. And really, thanks again.
Yes.
Not goin' to the Knick game.
I hired her from a service!
I haven't been out yet.
So you feel you were short changed.
Kramer, why do you have to (noticing Newman) Hello, Newman.
Why'd you sell your pants to Bania?
ALL RIGHT, all right! I'll call her.
Boy, he didn't know what he was up against. (George laughs) So, when do you move into the apartment?
"I dunno. He's so strange.'
What, are you ordering food now?
She did?
Well, what are we supposed to do? I gotta take Kramer to the doctor.
Wow. What are we celebrating?
Come on up. Oh, it's Elaine, she's just a friend of mine. I don't know what she's doing here now. (Buzzer) I'm sorry. What?
Let's get the check. (Waves in the air) Is this uh considered signing? Do you do this when you want the check?
Oh, yeah. Ghandi loved Triscuits.
September 21st, first day of Autumn. Leaves changing colours.. Beautiful colors.
Maybe this whole thing would be a good idea for the pilot.
(sardonic) Oh. (smiles)
(Into phone) Why was he in charge of closing the door? (Irritated at the phone message relay, to Kramer) 'Cause you came in after him!
I'm not sure. (The sounds of Russell vomiting emanate from the bathroom. Jerry and George sit there uncomfortably.) What was that dish he said he had...?
I'm sorry.
I don't know anything about that.
You can't have more than a one-foot differential in your heights. Otherwise, you could really hurt your neck.
It's just like in the movies.
That, that's tomato juice.
So she kicked him out of the apartment.
There's only one caveat -- the guy who runs the place is a little temperamental, especially about the ordering procedure. He's secretly referred to as the Soup Nazi.
No way! It's completely under my control.
... this is all .. very confusing.
No
That's from the car!
Alright, I'll tell you, but your begging needs a lot of work.
Ah, will you stop it already?
You don't mind that I got your number off the AIDS walk list?
Yeah, it's pretty good.
Hello?
Maybe he has money.
They got some sort of program.
Oy.
(deadpan) No.
Come in for two minutes and sit with me.
(Trying to quiet George down) It'll be twenty minutes. I told ya, Puddy's getting me an insider deal.
Im always in traffic with the lane expert. You know this type of person? Constantly reevaluating their lane choice. Never quite sure, Is this the best lane for me? For my life? Theyre always a little bit ahead of you, Can I get in over there? Could I get in over here? Could I get in there? Yeah, come on over here, pal. Were zoomin over here. This is the secret lane, nobody knows about it. The ultimate, I think the ultimate psychological test of traffic is the total dead stop. Not even rolling. And you look out the window, you can see gum clearly. So we know that in the future traffic will get even worse than that. I mean, what will happen? Will it start moving backwords, I wonder? I mean, is that possible? That someday well be going, (Jerry pretends hes driving in reverse.) Boy, this is some really bad traffic now, boy. This, is really bad. Im gonna try to get off and get back on going the other way.
First it was the health club, then the supermarket, now the bookstore. They could put it anywhere they want, no one's meetin' anybody.
I wonder if I'm nuts for pursuing this woman at all.
Please, and be brutal. I have no closet sensitivity.
At least you'll be talking.
Well, it's not like we'd be bumping into you.
Ahh, we waited 35 minutes in the rent-a-car place.
No.
You don't wanna tell me?
Well, the tomato's an anomaly. So successful with the ketchup and the sauce, but you can't find a good one. (Kramer enters with a box of lobster)
Why did he come over to me if he didn't want to see me?
Oh, OK. Next time lets play ping pong. It's easier to jump over the net.
(Puts his hand on his chin over his mouth) All right.
Well, I dont really know where The Stooges are right now but if I locate them you will be the first to know.
Because that's your thing!
Really very good looking.
Do you wanna flip a coin?
We dont have two seconds?
You want food, don't cha? (nodding his head up and down)
Hello.
Yeah, you're on top of it, and I'm on the bottom!
So if everyone would just put their cars in reverse at the same time, we can do this. All right, on the count of three. Can everyone hear me? Hey, amigo, are you paying attention?
Be that long. I mean, most action movies are--
By the way, just for the record -
I didn't know he wasn't invited.
you know I'd like to hear about this job of yours
All set. We'll just grab the bags.
Tell her. I wanna hear her reaction.
Well you implied it.
"Really!"
Oooh that. Well...
(turning on the commercial) Right, quiet dignity. As opposed to, say, this?
I was saying 'baby' way before George!
Front first, that's how you park when you're pulling a bank job.
What did I just pay for?
Like when a man goes swimming... afterwards...
Course not.
Tough one. You're call.
I think we're still a man short.
You know that awning outside my building?
How's life on the red planet? (shuts door)
No. So you're disappointed he's a spiritual person?
Have you ever been to a Chinese restaurant and they tell you it'll be, like, five minutes for a table and you wind up waitin' there for, like, thirty minutes? Well, we thought it would be very funny to do an entire show where all you're doin' is waitin' for the table. (They don't seem to like it) Because we've all been in that situation. You know, you're waiting... and you're hungry... and you bump into somebody you know... When is Russell coming back?
(pointing Kramer) "To wit"
No good. Sorry. There it is. Get it off.
Its a joke.
Aaaaahhh...!!!
Hey, remember Beth and David from yesterday? They got separated.
Well, just shape them - change them. You're a writer.
"Well , where is it?."
Yeah. What does that mean?
Are you kidding? People love it. There's something about the clip clop, clip clop. They're nuts for it.
Yikes. Well, good look with all that.
You're nobody.
Hi, Mr. Abbott.
I'm not taking anyone's side.
Hmm, well, I got the insurance and everything so...
Ya?
Yeah, it's no big deal.
And the rent is only four hundred dollars a month!
Maybe I didnt want to talk to him.
(to Kramer) who is it?
"AMCA?"
Don't sell yourself short saying 'God bless you' to every Tom, Dick and Harry in great personal risk.
Yeah... Because they would be very demanding people.
No, no, there's no side!
What ever happened with the shirt?
Crazy like a man.
We could go to one of those uh cappuccino places. They let you just sit there.
What? What?
(pointing at the operation he mouths the words) Did it go in?
Bye bye
No, it's part of the contest rules.
Oh! (hitting George)
Talkin' to Sidra?
I'll say.
Ah, it's just a car.
But the whole car smells.
I'm not paying for anything until I get that back.
Why are you bothering them for?
Yeah. Yeah.
The dog? The dog??
Krame? Sein. What are you doing? Well, I'm stuck out here on Long Island. What are your thoughts about taking a ride? You sure? Okay, but don't leave me hanging here. Okay, great. Let me give you directions.
Huh, wa?
Alright, I'm here. Where's Braun?
(on to something) Wait a second... wait a second!! (he watches the TV for another minute) The letter, that's the letter!
The Fleckman.
UNDATEABLE!
I, would, I would wait on that. I know how you feel but. Juries today, you never know how theyre going to look at a thing like this.
A Willard? Saccamano, Sr. screwed me!
I better not.
Im sorry.
No, last one. Listen, you gotta help me out. Elaine and Puddy just broke up, hes treatin me just like a regular customer, now!
No, he was talking to me, he's cross-eyed.
Excuse me, what?
'51-50'? That - that's just a scare, right?
But you gotta like their chances.
(Shrugs) I - I don't get it.
You?
Yeah. It's in your closet.
You know why? Because people like to say "salsa." "Excuse me, do you have salsa?" "We need more salsa." "Where is the salsa? No salsa?"
(Gives Elaine a look) No, Gordon Lightfoot was the singer. Edmund Fitzgerald was the ship.
You better decide, sister. You're on deck. Sheila!
Well, maybe next time someone's in a car accident you won't stop off for candy first.
I'm telling you.
I guess after that many beers he's probably a little groggy anyway.
Jack.
(Pleading) Hey, hey, hey. Come on, come on.
How could that be?
DIDN'T YOU LOOK AT THE PICTURE?
Fire station?
[quickly whispering] I resent that you said that! That's directed at *me*, isn't it?!
We used to come in every day.
Ma, I know this may be hard for you to understand but I am sure there are many people who do not like me.
Because I had a bad experience with a hair when I was younger.
I thought naked is good.
Oh. yeah. Alright. (pushes Kramer and Elaine out the door, then sits next to Sidra on the couch.) So, where were we?
What are you doin' to this woman?! This is the second relationship you've ruined for her in a few weeks!!
So they went out a few times, but apparently, when the fellow returned home, he discovered that the Benes tattoo does not wash off so easily.
My neighbour
Dustin Hoffman in Star Wars!?! Short Jewish guy against Darth Vader. I don't think so.
Reversed positions?
Maybe I will , Lois. Maybe I will.
Hey.
George is pickin' us up at the airport.
Oh. (chuckles) Really? You don't seem that desperate.
Geoffrey who?
Seven.
(Fast) Whatever it takes, for as long as it takes me, where ever it takes me as long as it takes you away from me!
(indicating) This is Elaine Benes.
I mean I met her three times. I dont even know her last name.
Uh oh.
Oh, why not?
(answering the buzzer) Yeah?
Oh?
Would you?
She's even got that old Mattel football game that we love!
No see, he's not smart. People think he's smart, but he's not.
Seinfeld.
No, I haven't heard anything.
Yeah, I'm a very good boy. I'm flying down there and surprising him.
Uh huh
George, george...
What's her husband's name, again? Chip? Kip? Skip?
I can't go.
I cant. Shell get upset. I never talk about other women with her, especially this one tonight.
I think yes, yes. You like the idea of telling people you're driving Jon Voight's car.
Take it to the window.
She's out.
Hi Julie.
No, Jerry Lewis is gonna be at this Friar's Club roast I'm goin' to next week. Now I have an in to strike up a conversation with him.
Well actually Enzo hasn't said that to me in a while.
What do you need them for?
What about her name?
Thank you. I did notice, and I appreciate you rectifying it.
I think you can take the lift ticket off your jacket now.
(grabs the ticket back) Give me that.
All right, that's it. Hand 'em over.
Sure.
(leaving; singing) She'll be coming around the mountain...
Hey, Kramer, over here.
You don't understand, I haven't been together with Rachel for like three weeks. First I was on the road, then my parents show up, I'm getting a little uh backed up.
Hu, well, tomorrow, I, ...
Oh. It's back.
We're behind you, Aquaboy. Godspeed!
People dont turn down money. Its what separates us from the animals.
Yeah, yeah...
You should've been there last year. I got jiggy with it!
Hey, I've never smelled in my *life*, buddy!
Get outta here!
It's not going to happen.
(tearing through his laundry bag) Well, on Thursday when I came home I had $1500 on me. For some reason I decided to hide it in my laundry bag and then I completely forgot about it...and then I took the laundry in on Friday! Oh, come on, let's go.
What, do you break it in with her, then you try it out on me?
(eating pop corn) hmm I love this artificial flavoring I like it better than butter I think it's more consistent
Stop being so concerned with looks.
(disappointed) Oh, Hi, hi.
Where do they ever go on vacation?
Didn't you get a glimpse? An impression?
wouldn't it be invisible? I mean, what, are you going to just sense it's in front of the couch?
How did you stay on that beam like that? (holds up hand) I mean, it's only this wide!
Kramer! What the hell are you doing here?!
I'm sorry it's gotta be a little bit of a scary place to work. I don't know how you feel about it. You want to be standing there having people comming in all day going "I need knives. I need more knives. Do you have any bigger knives? I'd like a bigger knife, a big, long, sharp knife, that's what I'm in the market for. I like them really sharp. Do you have one with hooks and gouges like blades and kind of serrated? That's the kind of knife I'm looking for. I need one I can throw. I need another one I can just hack away with. Do you have anything like that?
Well, this guy Leonard Christian's gonna be there tomorrow night.
Anything lighter? How do you prepare the chicken?
Irish, Scottish, whats the difference, lassie?
Indeed.
I have uromysitisis. It's very serious you know.
Hello.
I've had a crush on this woman for year! I've always been afraid to approach her! She looks like she belongs on one of these Hallmark cards.
I mean, your body of work in this field is unparalleled.
It was a 'thank you' card from Kristin because I'm doing the PBS drive. I mean, how long am I supposed to keep it?
Couple of tough monkeys.
You got a mickey source?
Grime, grease, filth, funk, ooze. Whatever it is, you take that stuff and put it right on my leather upholstery.
No, because it's so stupid. Shall we?
You can't do that. Well, maybe Kruger wasn't the place for you.
Now of the course the thing is Extreme sports. Bungie jumping. To me if Bungie jumping is a sport so is being a crash test dummy. Just leaning does not make it a sport. It's like a Wiley Coyote idea isn't it? The thing I wonder about the sky diving is why do they even bother with the helmets? Can you almost make it? Why don't they just wear a party hat? What's the difference? You jump out of a plane from twenty thousand feet in the air the chute doesn't open I got news for you, the helmet is now wearing you for protection. Later on the helmet's talking to the other helmets going "boy it's a good thing he was there or I would have hit the ground directly."
Let me see those. ( smells them) Oh! I know the chunky that left these Chunkies......NEWMAN!!! I've got him.
I can't believe you feel you really need a mentor.
(thinks about it for a second as to reconsider) No, no, no. I'm sorry, it's too weird.
No spiel?
That's a great place!
I mean what if, what if, this this guy has got all my money. Plus he has got some Kramer's money with him. This guy could write checks to himself right out of my account.
(reading on) "...'cause that's what you need to do to prove I'm not going to leave you. I'm sick and tired of running from places and people and relationships. You want me, that fight for me, becau-"
Going to the dog pound, everybody! Going to the dog pound, come on down. (To Elaine) What?
I can't believe this. My next door neighbour had the idea for this exact perfume last year. He even met with an executive at CALVIN KLEIN. I can't believe they stole his idea.
Nothing.
(Getting up) Alright, big work day.
Cancelled? But I was supposed to be on tomorrow night.
Excuse me?
No, we're having an intervention
I was just in the bathroom.
You want a gyro?
Before we go any further, I'd just like to point out how disturbing it is that you equate eating a block of cheese with some sort of bachelor paradise.
Yeah, but if you called up and described someone, do you think they would know who it was?
And in the end Lloyd Braun became more like you.
Here.
Look at this Jerry, dropping paper on the ground. That's littering.
What if we get caught?
What?
Not a very long trip. (Enter Kramer)
Seth, if you knew the meeting was so important why did you go the lunch with me?
Uh huh. When youre on a stakeout, do you find its better to stand up against the wall, or kinda crouch down behind a big plant?
O.K. (Kramer leaves.)
Stop shouting! You're ruining the reception.
Hey - hey - hey!
Seinfeld.
Babu, I'm gonna fix everything! I have a lawyer who knows someone in the Immigration Department, they're gonna straighten the whole thing out, the wheels are in motion, things are happening even as we speak!
(To Katie) What is the complication?
What?
All right.
No, certainly not.
You wanna barrow Golden Boy!
What happened?
What car?
Also with her hands.
It's not legitimate.
No Jon Voight Day, huh?
You know, if this tenant board is so impressed with suffering, maybe you should tell them the "Astonishing Tales of Costanza".
Ah, that's a shame.
Okay.
I'm not going to "defile" her!
Really.
You should try this new dental floss Glide, it's fantastic.
Hello Milos.
How would you know? You don't speak Korean.
Nothing, nothing.
... Oh, Im joking.
How could you eat fish on a plane?
Sure.
Ohhhhh.. John-John.
You got Danny Tartabull?!
I have to do what?
Oh, man. Well, I guess you'll be going back to that hospital.
Right. It's very important not to embellish on your order. No extraneous comments. No questions. No compliments.
Its never happened to me before.
This is ridiculous.
But...
He also came up with an idea for a brimless rain-hat but that never materialized. (to Morty) Alright come on let's play.
I suppose if it was on the protg's way to the mentor, they might.
(Still pulling on Kramer's pants from the ankles) Man these are tight. (Yanking) Squinch your hips in
Where did I take it? Where Did I Take It? (stabbing a knife into a cutting board) Umm, to that place on, uh Columbus and 85th. Okay?
Oh, the sisters (he sits at the table)
His father..
Alright.
Go back.
Oh, *Carl* can't wait a few more minutes?
Take what?
Uh, friend of a friend. And you?
I'm not goin' there. Didn't he get busted by the Board of Health?
Yello.
Hey.
The rines are crossed?
(to a woman) Hey, what's going on?
Hey, did I make it?
The car!
By the way Newman, I'm just curious. When you booked the hotel, did you book it for the millennium New Year?
Boy, your really packing it all in.
You're gonna have gorgeous kids.
What car?
Last week, on Seinfeld.
Not a Federal record.
I think that's a "what's good for the goose is good for the gander".
Now that's a complaint. ...Hello Sally, yeah this is Jerry,I just wanted to leave you a message that I caught your little piece on TV and..
Wait a second! I never baited a hook with a rye before. Your hook is too small. This is for, like, a muffin. All right. Take it away.
You got it ALL wrong. I was thinking only of the poor Krakatoans
Can I help you?
Holly Go-Lightly.
But there's no "t" in your name. What about G-bone?
Well, Alec, the reason I called is I just wanted to thank you for the tickets from the other night.
I thought they wanted to settle.
Yes, I poo-poo.
I don't know.
How come you didn't tell me?
There's more than a couple.
Oh yeah, she's dating Bania.
Are you serious?
Definitely. Well, goodnight.
Hi. Elaine, it's me.
Franco?
(to self) Oh. Twist off..
Why didn't you come up with your own?
I thought you were gonna watch a video.
Yes, that is a definite possibility.
I mean that's fine if that's who you are...
Well, communism didn't work.
He's the busboy, you think he cares about the soup?
I don't know, just standing there with a box, holding it by the little string.
It has nothing to do with whose house it is.
Because the woman who got hit in the head with it found my name, called me up, and we met!
How come?
Gimme ten.
Whew. Did he wave?
Hi.
Because when you join that team it's not a whim. He likes his team. He's set with that team.
You're worse, much much worse. (crouches in booth) That's Davola!
It's almost a week.
Im a little nervous.
So again, I'm sorry. I had no right to yell at you, you're a life saving doctor and I'm just a comedian...
Yeah, listen, do me a favor. Set your mental alarm for 630 and gimme a call.
What?
And who makes the switch?
No, he's up on the roof getting some sun with the butter (pauses) Oh no!
Of course I was getting you a note.
Well, um same bed ...
Ah, no wonder we're getting so much rain.
Don't you see?...........It's all a big scam.
(Unsure of what to say - he remember's Leo's courtesy tip) Hello?
Yeah, so?
Could be it.
Nobody does. You know, nobody knows what to do. You just close your eyes and you hope for the best. I really think they're happy if you just make an effort.
What kind of pie are you cooking?
Unless you're married.
Really?
Listen, I want you to get the mail outta my storage unit.
I didn't hear anything.
I thought we were going out.
What's that smell? What are you wearing?
No good. Too many people know the combination.
Watch out!
Oh, fire engines, ambulances all along the runway. And then, when we landed safely, they all seemed so disappointed.
You're going like this?
But you said, it can be very serious.
Hey, George!
I had to do it.
We should probably get one for Elaine, too, right George? (turns to George, who is staring intently at the Holyfield poster) George?
I don't know, George.
(Trying to read the note) What have I done? I can't read this! Ful-hel-mo-nen-ter-val? I got up last night, I wrote this down, I thought I had this great bit.
You sure have a lot of friends. How come I never see any of these people?
Once again, I just want to say how sorry I am about the other night.
Get Out of my House!!.
Well, we need change and all I have is twenties.
Are you sure? Oh boy, here we go.
Eh, eh, ah. Winona's gonna be there?
Well...actually, we kind of broke up.
Oh.
Well, you just need to relax. Maybe a hobby, bowling is fun.
Well, I'll tell you what I'll do, you know. If you wanna do it out of town...okay. But not in the city.
Oh my god, it's...
Oh really?
Well so she mentioned that she had a son, and then for some reason, I launch into the story about the kid from Pennsylvania who was abducted.
So listen, I gotta go down to Atlantic City. I'm performing at Bally's.
Great. One of the best jobs I ever had.
Wow good plan.
Enjoyed yourself.
I don't know if he's mad.
You're not worried somebody's gonna pee on it?
(belated) Good night.
No time? [To ticket lady] Is there time?
Hey.
What's he doing? Is he out of his mind? Do you see him? I don't even think I see him anymore. Where is he?
Okay, Tim. You're welcome. (Hangs up.)
A Mohel is the person that performs the circumcision.
Respect, admiration, prestige.
Absolutely. You should not have to pay for that.
Uh, THANKS! This is FUN! Yeah, this turned out to be a GREAT weekend.
You're crazy.
Is that Joe Davola?
People are going to steal from you. You cant stop them. But, everybody has their own little personal security things. Things that they think will foil the crooks, you know? In your own mind, right? You go to the beach, go in the water, put your wallet in the sneaker, whos gonna know? What criminal mind could penetrate this fortress of security? I tied a bow. They cant get through that. I put the wallet down by the toe of the sneaker. They never look there. They check the heel, they move on.
(musing) What if it's Neil Armstrong?
Hi.
So You're not going?
How many years of med school did you have?
You know I dont get that whole suicide machine. Theres no tall buildings where these people live? They cant wrap their lips around a revolver like a normal person?
(acting like Joey) Wouldn't you like to pass the ketchup to someone like me? Please?
All this because you spilled coffee on yourself?
Dad!
Oh no.
Well we saw you come in.
Kramer! What are you doing?!
I mean really, what's the point of saving it? I could see if I had a mantel.
Where?
Hi.
Maybe.
You put her on a pedestal.
He looks like a Peanuts character.
It's just a drawing.
I cant. I got to meet Clare.
You're wearing the chocolate shirt!
Did you shower today?
Yesterday. Six-ish.
Relax, hes late. Hes always late. Its part of his M.O.
Hello Newman.
I was attracted to you, too. You remind me of Lois Lane.
Okay, take it easy. (hangs up) That was Keith. we're going to do something next week.
Don't you think I know the difference between a pick and a scratch?
What? Whats cool?
Okay. (closes eyes, blows on her finger, opens eyes, says to self) Didn't come true.
What happened to the rules? Remember? Sleeping over was optional.
Newman's his mailman.
Im worried I wont be able to talk to him. Hes such a great writer. Frankly, I prefer the company of nitwits.
and a black and white cookie, for me. Peace!
What if she's got no interest in you?
I don't know, Mrs Hamilton. That doesn't sound...
So you were talking, (Elaine makes an agreement sound "mmm") you're having pleasant conversation, (Elaine makes an agreement sound "mmm") then all of sudden...
(to Bania) Excuse me. (he goes back in the dressing room)
No.
Hey, how ya doin?
Ah, Lloyd.
And by then you've lost interest.
Giddee up!
So?
Or maybe he liked your gift so much, he decided to get me the same thing. Perhaps it's an homage.
Yeah but if I ask Elaine, then Kramer will feel slighted.
(uncomfortably) Yeah that's too bad.
Why?
(locking his door) Oh, I gotta go visit my nana in the nursing home.
It is so my business!
Yeah, there's a new one in there.
Yeah. You know, kind of a peace offering. Cute.
I think it's fantastic. I think it's a fantastic idea.
Mom, Dad.....I have fleas..
George, big news; I'm getting married!!
I can't wear these!
Here you go. (Poppie stands up and takes the money.) Anyway, I'm sorry again about the...(notices a large, wet stain on his couch)...the...the...
Two bedrooms? Why do I need two bedrooms? I got enough trouble maintaining activity in one. (George gives Elaine a look while Jerrys back is turned. Jerry turns around.) I saw that.
C'mon, that's not fair!
To a guy you've never met? (mild sarcasm) Your screening process is getting ever more rigorous.
It was nice meeting you
Uh, I don't have anymore pictures Elaine.
You're not gonna have any?
Just like that?
(adamant) Well, I'm going on record right now that that was my last kiss hello. I am getting off the kiss program with her.
No, Im fine.
Why?
*I* don't like you!
My Indian?
Oh, it's a scene man.
It's somewhere in the country, they're following 'em.
How's your confidence level?
Bania?
Bob Cobb.
Neither do I. (to intercom) Yeah?
Did you knock her over too, or just the kids?
That Arabian is strong coffee.
oh uh nothing, she just.. choked on a jujube
Dad I'm paying.
When we see each other now, we retire to our separate quarters. But sometimes, when people get involved with that, they feel pressure to sleep over. When that is not really sleep. Sleep is separate from that. And I don't see why sleep got all tied up and connected with that.
Elaine, you're among friends.
Sure. You're an emotional person. People don't take you seriously.
On the couch? So you're...
Oh, and.. do you think it would be alright if I called Susan Davis?
And who else is on the show?
Ya.
NBC is letting me use their private jet? And I can go anywhere I want? That's fantastic! Thanks. Great. Okay, bye.
Casus belli.
Yeah.
I said, "How come no one's killed her?" Probably shouldn't have said anything,
"Why are you taking this so personally?"
Well he kinda lost his temper, and he was pushing me up against the car. So I went into a karate stance. (Jerry assumes karate position and does two punches)
What are doing, you crying??
I gave a look?
Stealing? You loaned her the racquet!
So you don't think it's attractive?
Obviously we're gonna call the police and tell that he's not the guy.
Riverside Park.
Vaya con dios.
Not that it was that nice of a jacket. I mean it didn't fit him that well. To me there's just something about a monster in a blazer. It shows at least he's making an effort.
Thanks again.
Where's George
Hi.
You need to talk?
Hey, I got a date with that doctor you met.
Wait, he stopped, he's parking.
Wait, you can't make a call like that on your way out. You can't rush that conversation.
Hey Joe! HOW YOU DOING?
So he just shaves his head for no reason?
Lean your head back. Open your mouth! (Grabs Kramer's head) Open your mouth! Open it! Open it!
Didn't know...we were wondering...what happened.
What happened to Karen?
You know it seems impossible.
Hello?
Anyway Beth, you know i was thinking on my way over how when i was 9. I wanted these handball sneakers, they were all black but they came in adult sizes so you know i never got the sneakers. (Beth looks him confused)
(ironic outrage) The nerve. Talkin' about ya behind your back--and right to your face!
Oh. Let me ask you, when someone is lying, is it true that their pants are actually on fire?
I told you about Laura, the girl I met in Michigan?
Will you marry me?
So you started drinking.
The Jujy Fruits?
Oh. (Smiles at Marty nervously.) Well, I must have been in the incinerator room when you left. Here you go, Marty. (Hands over Kramer's quilt.)
No it isn't. I've looked into his eyes. He's pure evil.
Hey.
The crepe place?
So what?
Hey! Is that Peter? ...I can't believe it. Get me a cup of Decaf. (leaves table)
The big toe; The captain.
Can I still buy this or is this evidence now?
Oh, I'm sure you have. They're out on the ocean and, yada yada yada, and she says, "Those aren't buoys." (Father starts laughing) Father...
Why?
I love a parade!
Oh, gee, I can't talk right now. Why don't you give me your home number and I'll call you later.
Hello. Oh! Hi George.......What! ..really! All right I'll call Elaine , we'll meet you down there.
Two pair? Three of a kind?
It was in the back of the room on the left, she must have been sitting right in front of it.
(sound of gunfire) Pkew, pkew, pkew, pkew, Pkeeew!
Shut up, you old bag!
But I was clearly on the outer edge of the nostril.
Yeah.
Oh, you dont recall?
Well, we've thought about this in a variety of ways. But the basic idea is I will play myself-
And you broke up with her 'cuz she beat you at chess? That's pretty sick.
Well, you'd be embarrassed and humiliated in front of a large group of people and have to walk out in shame with your tail between your legs.
Hi Mike. (Noticing George's fedora) Indiana.
Now, you know you're supposed to take these things before you get sick?
Alright, can we just drop all the pee-pipe stuff here?
Oh, no, Just a custom. Uh, THAT'S MY FRIEND GEORGE. YOU LOOK GOOD.
Then it'll just be me, you and Kramer.
Oh, hi Evelyn.
You know what? Just call up and cancel it. I'm out.
Hey-yah, ho-ah, hey-yah, ho-ah.
What?
The sad thing is we may never know the real truth.
What's taking him so long out there?
Nothing, I got up, run some errands, I went down to Sara's office and apologized...
Marine biology.
Yes, Mr. Beviacqua
So, you play tennis?
Am I? You touched my face. I didn't imagine that!
Hey. So how was"Blame it on the Rain?"
Any messages?
Go on.
Where did you get this?
Hey. (raises hands into fists of encouragement)
Youre too nice a guy.
I was out.
I can't see Joe DiMaggio sitting at the counter in little tiny filthy smelly Dinky Donuts.
Alright, that's it. The fight's already started. I'm going upstairs, who's coming? Elaine?
Most men like working on things. Tools, objects, fixing things. This is what men enjoy doing. Have you ever noticed a guys out in his driveway working on something with tools, how all the other men in the neighborhood are magnetically drawn to this activity. They just come wandering out of the house like zombies. Men, its true, men hear a drill, its like a dog whistle. Just... (his head perks up) you know, they go running up to that living room curtain, Honey, I think Jims working on something over there. So they run over to the guy. Now they dont actually help the guy. No, they just want to hang around the area where work is being done. Thats what men want to do. We want to watch the guy, we want to talk to him, we want to ask him dumb questions. You know, What are you using, a Phillips-head? You know, we feel involved. Thats why when they have construction sites, they have to have those wood panel fences around it, thats just to keep the men out. They cut those little holes for us so we can see what the hell is going on. But if they dont cut those holes, we are climbing those fences. Right over there. What are you using the steel girders down there? Yeah, thatll hold.
I... don't... know...
Yes, yeah...see, men don't care what's on TV, men only care what else is on TV.
Yeah, sure. My parents will be there.
What for?
You wanna throw something on and walk me to a cab?
So?
You faked with me?
Wait a second, Elaine. Where do you think you're going?
What, has Newman got another army man stuck in his ear?
Hey, look at this, c'mon, running wild there.
You cant have that coat, it's not yours.
Wait a second, wait a second. We could work out a little deal here.
Oh, I don't want to bother you.
Theres a lot of people to mock...
Strange. For new pants, there's noticable wear on the buttocks of those chinos. Wait those are the clothes from the bag!
You cant do that.
No.
Hey/Hi/Hello (etc.)
That was an hour ago. What were you doing in there?
Done.
He took what out?
So someone comes in to buy an old lamp and all of a sudden I'm getting them out of a jam? I could see if I was a pharmacist because a pharmacist knows what's wrong with everybody that comes in.
Elaine? Wh..what's going on?
Uh, well, I'll tell you what. Um, I'll give you a check, and then this person can pay me back.
Not good
Well, maybe I'll get goin' then. I just remembered I got an appointment to get my, um, tonsils out.
Just had a big bowl of Kix.
I don't know how you do it.
Oh my God!
Y'know I remember when I was a kid growin up, kids would make fun of my name like you wouldn't believe-- "Jerry Jerry Dingleberry", and-hu "Seinsmelled"...
(realising) Ohh, I don't believe this. I forgot to give it back. It belongs to the Friars Club.
Oh really? (tries turning away in the hopes Elaine gets the hint; thinking) Oh God, I gotta get out of this.
I thought your mother's paying for it.
Uh, that doorman's still milling around outside. He's very peculiar.
Uh huh.
W-what do you mean you're not making the flight?
Aw! You'll be fine, you were in there for what , a couple of minutes.
(doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o. (pauses) So, whats going on?
(Makes sound) Oh there's my call waiting, I gotta get goin'.
Ah ha.
Hello Newman.
Hey, check the TV.
I'll tell you where I'd like to stick it.
alright that's enough
I've heard of Ohio, Katie. But Tuesday's no good. I'm doin' career day at my old junior high.
Hey, guess what. I just bought my father a Cadillac
Oh, you want me to pretend to be your boyfriend.
you're making sandwiches?
Is that from my gift certificate?
It's from all that smoke. You've experienced a lifetime of smoking in 72 hours. What did you expect?
No, no, no. I have to get home tonight. Bridget's gonna be waiting for me at the Diplomat's Club. Rent a car.
Oh, no.
Yeah? Does he wear slippers? I bet he wears slippers.
You could not like it.
What?
Why not?
Good, good.
No, you stay here in the car.
how can u say things like that over the phone?
Is that like the end of the world or something?
Like this? (imitates the walk)
Don't worry, uh, we'll find something for you.
Hey, Ray, listen, you really did a tremendous job cleaning that apartment.
Whats with the pink lining and the candy stripes?
The manager.
Because I have to watch idiot Farfel.
Elaine, I don't want you causing any trouble down at that soup stand. I happen to love that soup.
(pause) So what happened? The snooze alarm, wasn't it?
Yeah, that's a good tip!
My parents live in Florida now. They moved there last year. They didnt want to move to Florida, but theyre in their sixties, and thats the law. You know how it works. They got the leisure police. They pull up in front of the old peoples house with a golf cart, jump out, Lets go Pop, white belt, white pants, white shoes, get in the back. Drop the snow shovel right there. Drop it! I am not much for the family gathering. You know, you sit there, and the conversations so boring. Its so dull. And you start to fantasize. You know, you think, What if I just got up and jumped out that window? What would it be like? Just crashed right through the glass. You know. Come back in, theres broken glass, everybodys all upset. No, Im all right. I was just a little bored there. And uh no, Im fine. I came back. I wanted to hear a little more about that Hummel collection, Aunt Rose. Lets pick it up right there.
Elaine
(pause) Yeah, I guess.
Give me another shot!
Sure. (points at booth) How about this one?
I liked it. Should I have said I didn't like it?
You knocked him out.
Youre in there again.
You know the whole idea of taking the car service was so I wouldn't have to fight the traffic on Friday night.
I don't know! I couldn't understand a word she was saying! I was just nodding!
You need a little pioneer spirit. You know, you don't have any of that Lewis and Clark in you.
Oh conductor. He conducts the Policeman's Benevolent Association Orchestra.
I can't believe this.
Really! Socks!
Yes. I do love her. (to baby) You have a very nice place here.
No steam!
What about his house in Tuscany, he mention that?
Nothing. A bottle broke. That's all. What do you mean, you're gonna move in here?
No, but I'll tell you something. Of all the guys I know, I could envision you going out with him.
Lets talk about that.
I forgot to make my bed. (He tries to get away)
Hey.
I tried to do that.
Oh yeah.
(thinking) This is brutal.
You walk over that table, you pick up an eggroll, you don't say anything, you eat it, say 'thank you very much', wipe your mouth, walk away- I give you 50 bucks.
Ohhhhh, that's great.
Why no T-bone?
No, go ahead.
I can't stop. Alex thinks I'm naturally hairless.
(taking a catalog) Can I have one? I need one of those old-looking phones. So you wanna grab a bite?
Yeah, right. And what about the floating cities?
I didn't care.
I have aloe!
You're not Valerie.
What are you, crazy?!
Im not stopping you from eating. Go ahead and eat. Get anything you want.
All right! Lunch!
Come on. Fifty cents. (??) a piece of Drakes coffee cake
What do you mean you don't know?
Excuse me?
No, hes It. He wins. It is good.
Because Elaine, that's the one that goes 'wee-wee-wee all the home.'
Oh, Bruline. Newman's got the same one.
That's how waitress types express derision. They don't want to get their mouths dirty.
The former still applies. I don't know what it is, but I just can't see you with a mechanic.
Alright Elaine.
(Pleading) I tried my best!
Oh it's a fascinating field!
Anything else?
You're not going to open with that, are you?
No I don't! In fact, if even one corpuscles of that blood should find it's way across that hall I will freak out on you Kramer! Freak out.
Few hundred grand?
That bothered you?
They heard I opened for Kenny Rogers once.
Madeline stays here.
Okay, I think you're in love!
Joe Divola.
Hey, hey.
Oh, w-what are you saying? So we're not going to go in there anymore?
You're out of your mind you know that.
But that's not what she thinks.
So Biff wants to be a buff? ... Well sleeping less than 18 hours a day would be a start.
Hey whatever happened to Moochie?
Uh, that's him. He just came home. ... Uh, the door [Jerry pushes his door against Kramer's entrance]
All right, so what? You put out the catalog. How bad could it be?
Franco's no good? ...They got no team leaders.
I'm Seinfeld!
That is disgusting.
She's fifty.
(As George sits down) George, we need to talk.
Hello? Hello?
No. Could be anything. The whole apartment's a biohazard.
Elaine, the guy could be dangerous.
I'm counting your shrimps. OK, Who's gonna do it?
(checking out George's textbook) Risk management?
How did they know?!
You walk around with no underwear?
Do you remember the curse toast?
They have gotten to know you.
Well, they've gotta be here somewhere.
Why, what's up?
I love these nature shows, Ill watch and kind of nature show, and its amazing how you can always relate, to whatever theyre talking about. You know like youre watching the African Dung Beetle and youre going Boy, his life is a lot like mine. And you always root for whichever animal is the star of the show that week -- like if its the antelope, and theres a lion chasing the antelope you go, Run antelope Run! Use your Speed, Get away! But the next week its the lion, and then you go Get the antelope, eat him, bite his head! -- Trap him, dont let him use his speed!
Is that so?
Hi Pam.
Did you write it down?
(looking at her) How about that.
(getting it) Ahh. Wit-chay Woman.
Toilet paper's changed.
Just, can we just forget the whole thing ever happend? Im sorry. I didnt mean it. I took it out on you. Were still friends. Were still friends. Still friends. Okay? Look, Ill tell you what. Ive got Knick tickets this Wednesday. Great seats behind the bench. You want to come with me? Come on.
Well this kid's not just a man. He's a man's man.
For either one of us..
You know...I'm not sure. I'll tell you what. I'll come back later with someone and see what they think.
Well, whatever. So, how've you been?
Yeah, maybe we have.
Uh huh?
It's okayit's just a hot dog, (still sobbing) everything is going to be okay.
By flying half way around the world?
What?
You like that commercial?
George- What?! Youre kidding... Well, whats wrong?... So, what are we gonna do?... Great!... All right, Ill speak to you later. (He hangs up.) Wilkinson, the guy whos supposed to tell us when to sell the stock, hes in the hospital.
That's my car!
Hi, I'm Jerry.
Yeah. We can fish. What? Blues, carp, marlin?
(facing the lengthening line behind him) Ladies and gentlemen, I implore you.
Well it's not tragic.
Well, I want those keys. (Tries to grab the keys from George.)
There he is. He's going into that bar.
Alright, hobo Joe. I didn't wanna put a damper on your little Smorgasbord here, but it's the end of the week, so I added up your tab.
Tim Whatley?
No. But, I did blow over twenty thousand on that Cadillac.
I'm not touching that thing.
I'm saying "get the hell outta there"! Let me put you in a hotel. You'll be comfortable, you'll be near the starting line, and most importantly... you'll have a wake-up call, Jean-Paul! A wake-up call!
I don't mind the Mayans.
Yes, well, see, here's the thing, Babu. Um, what happened was I was away for a couple of weeks doing some comedy shows.
(pushes George) NOT THAT YOU IDIOT!!
No, I don't drink coffee.
(confused) What?!
Oh no. Don't tell me. You like him?
Be right back. (follows Kramer out)
Oh, no. Its not that I dont think you can. I know that you cant, and Im positive that you wont.
A healthy person.
Oh.
Listen, Ma...
I'm going.
I think we should separate here actually.
Hi Willie.
You're a baby!
So what? A lot of older men have that.
Hey, what's going on? Who made pudding?
Seth! Wow what has it been like five years?
(examining the label) Ooh, and it's in medium. Perfect.
Isn't putting this guy's picture on your desk a little transparent?
Remember that guy who opened the restaurant across the street from the building last year and he wasn't doing so well and I told him he should make it into all Pakistani and that drove him right out of business? So, you uh, going with me to the auto show with me Saturday?
I think Ill take out the garbage.
It's probably so the woman has one last chance to change her mind.
You want me to take an overview?
It.
No no, it was no joke.
Come on up.
Maybe his dogs heard about how you tried to kidnap that other dog. These muts like to gossip. So have you talked too Holly?
(Remembering) Oh, right. The big party..
Yeah, that's a good idea. I'll tell you what chuckles, I give you permission to sublet my room right now.
Why didn't he tell me?
I got it! (snaps his fingers) We give the keys to Elaine.
(Pleading) Leo..
Yeah. (subdued) I don't think this is the jacket.
Oh right, the new job, how is it?
(disbelief) So she wanted you to come up, but you left because you thought some guy might be calling you?!
Uh... great.
I'm sorry.
They did it for three years. What's another few months.
The Kavorka? Whats that?
Hey, should we say something to him?
What physical characteristic would you say is common to all of them?
He's supposed to see ME on Friday.
Stacey.
We're only kidding!
Thanks, great party.
How does she know Marisa Tomei?
Yeah, what else?
That's the last thing she said to me. She wanted to go there also, but I wasn't in the mood.
(Gesturing to George) You believe this guy? He holds a grudge like Khomeini.
Well, maybe I'll just take it back.
(Sees Elaine leaving) Hey! Wh-where are you?
Okay, fine. (Jerry takes a coin from his pocket.) This is the official flip. No crying, no guilt, winner takes all and thats it. Agreed?
No, no, I mean...
Jody the masseuse.
Because I spent my money on the Clapgo D-29. Its the most impenetrable lock on the market today. It has only one design flaw. The door... (Jerry pushes the door shut.) ...MUST BE CLOSED!!
Yeah, we pretty much know what we're doin' in there. (Points to bedroom)
Is that so?
George, give them to me, I want these keys. (They struggle over the keys.) I don't want to get physical!
When we were at dinner, when Kramer went to the bathroom.
Awright, let's see. How about Mug? (picks up the mug) Mug Costanza, that's original. (he turns and sees another item) Or uh, Ketchup? Pretty name for a girl.
C'mon..
What if it's Neil Diamond?
"Glamour"?
You got no waist in that thing.
Oh that makes a lot of sense.
(handing it over) Here.
I there. This is Kramer, and Frank.
Ramon, what are you doing here? You could get in trouble.
Oh, really good, really good.
Wow! That's the astronaut pen. I heard about that. Where did you get it?
Who is it?
Oh, she's uh, she's house-sitting for Mr. Pitt.
Yeah, me too...
Ahh.
Hi, Mr. Constanza. What's uh...?
No, no, no, no.
What's the deal with lampshades? I mean if it's a lamp, why do you want shade?
Miss.
I remember that it's a good thing. Someday, I hope to do it again. (Jerry looks at Elaine)
(Mutters to himself) Every time I turn on the TV, sirens are gonna go off. They're gonna track me down like a dog, I know it..
Well, you picked out a rooster.
What do you want me to do? You wanna see Rachel naked?
Oh my eh, my Aunt's name is Mulva. She's-she's a masseuse.
Hey, why don't cha ask Susan?
Why not?
I know, I just can't bring myself to do it meanwhile that freezer keeps getting smaller and smaller (she smiles) (Elaine looks at her watch) oh, don't wanna keep Tony waiting
Hello.
Hey.
If you want to watch, sit down. You're making me nervous. I tell you this Scissorhands is a hell of a barber.
Anyway, like I was saying, I couldn't make the transition from conversation to sex. There were no awkward pauses... I need an awkward pause.
So?
Well...
So we're still going to the health club to play racquetball right?
The bags are in the car, I guess we better go.
(To Elaine) So, the worst is over?
What can I do? Break up with him? Tell him, I dont think were right for each other. Hes a guy! At least with a woman, theres a precendent. You know, the relationship goes sour, you end it.
There's a giant parrot in the hallway.
You joined the *Polar Bears*?!
Well, who took the nap?
Ooh!
Well, uh, maybe something happens on the way to work.
Well, I don't think that's gonna happen.
Let's get outta here. [to Buckles] I'll see ya.
Hot out.
He's a little off the wall.
George, you're thinking too much.
Oh boy, did he say anything about me?
All right, I'm gonna take Elaine over to the hospital.
That's true. Maybe I take her to the Tony's.
So I guess your Messiah would be the Anti-Christ.
Yes I do.
No.
Here. Two tickets. Have a good time.
(To Kramer) Hey. (To George) He doesn't even know where you live.. Who told you to give him your business card?.. (Intercom buzzes) That's Elaine. (Kramer buzzes her in. Jerry talks into the phone) Kramer.. (To Kramer) George wants to know when you want to look for the cat again.
Oh I can't believe-- why don't you get rid of that piece of junk.
Oh I'm gonna take you over to the emergency room.
You know, I really... Ive come to the conclusion that there are certain friends in your life that theyre just always your friends, and you have to accept it. You see them, you dont really wanna see them. You dont call them, they call you. You dont call back, they call again. The only way to get through talking with people that you dont really have anything in common with is to pretend youre hosting your own little talk show. This is what I do. You pretend theres a little desk around you. The only problem with this is theres no way you can say, Hey, its been great having you on the show. Were out of time.
I know Finland. Theyre neutral.
Hello, Willie.
Is it me?
I would lose that.
Hey.
Tony, it is my car, and I want it back!
Alright.
Really, an intervention ...
(dismissive) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
How do you make sure your gonna get to the third date?
Oh sure.
Oh my God!
Look, do you want to go or not? I'll buy you dinner.
Yeah.
Boys, boys.
Believe me. You know, I forgot how much fun it is hanging out with you.
(Cutting him off) Thank you very much.
Come on up. (Jerry presses the second button and opens the apartment door. He walks back to the couch.) Oh, all right, forget it, Im gonna take it with me now... (He picks up the cushions.) Im just gonna pack up the cushions right now...
Well, birthdays are merely symbolic of how another year has gone by and how little we've grown. No matter how desperate we are that someday a better self will emerge, with each flicker of the candles on the cake, we know it's not to be, that for the rest of our sad, wretched pathetic lives, this is who we are to the bitter end. Inevitably, irrevocably; happy birthday? No such thing.
Well, you said you were gonna be here at a certain time, and you weren't.
Anyway, you know why I didnt ask you, I mean I felt so uncomfortable, and you were so annoyed in the cab.
I asked. Elaine laughed at me, Kramer's only interested in Canadian football.
Flowing?
So put 'em in a safe place.
The blond with the blue sweatpants! Yeah, I think I've seen her.
Well you shoulda seen the pile of albums this old guy I was visiting today was throwing away Sinatra, Duke Ellington, Al Jolson, Benny Goodman...
I don't get it. He assigns it to you, you don't do it. Somehow it gets done, and now he's telling you what a great job you did.
I did not bail out on you.
You ever go to Camp Tiyoga?
Please, please, Isabel? She is the most despicable woman I have ever met in my life. I have never been so repulsed by someone mentally and so attracted to them physically at the same time. It's like my brain is facing my penis in a chess game. And I'm letting him win.
So, its okay? I could just tell her she can have it?
What's the matter?
Oh no, it's Kenny Bania.
What?
Because he thinks I was lying and I want to show him I wasn't.
Really?
Ah! There you are.(Kramer motions silence)
I thought you'd like that.
It's not even a question of that. The point is when something like this is passed along, one must be certain that it's going to be used in a *conscientious* way. This is not some parlor trick to be used---
Hello? Oh, hi Roy. What? Oh my god. Wel-- how did this happen? What can I do? Oh. I am so sorry. Okay. Bye. (Hangs up) That was Roy. He's under investigation for insurance fraud.
Was it apple?
Yeah, sure we will.
He was a nice guy.
One more thing, Benes, regarding sexual activity Strictly prohibited, but if you absolutely must, do us all a big favour. Do it in the tub.
I don't know. A lot of attitude, like he's better than me, or something.
What about you, shmoopy? How 'bout a little tuna? You want a little tuna fishy?
Hotel?
Because I could get Uromysitisis poisoning and die. That's why!...Do you think I enjoy living like this?...the shame, the humiliation...You know I have been issued a public urination pass by the city because of my condition. Unfortunately my little brother ran out of the house with it this morning.
Don't aaaaah! I'm supposed to do something with her later? I don't even think I wanna see her.
There's Sidra.
I'm trying. I can't get a grip. My hand's had kind of a bad week.
Maybe I am.
Huh?
I mean, if were gonna be friends, we gotta be able to talk about other people.
Yeah.
Well, I guess I have no choice.
No. Yes you can. (he hangs on)
Ya, 1397.
What the hell is this?
Me?
What is that about leaving after sex? Did I ever leave with you?
"You know! Like a tennis shirt."
His eyes look a little cloudy.
So I didn't like the crest all that much., but the guy spent fifteen minutes with me so to get out of the store I told I wanted to see what someone else thought.... And then he makes a face like he doesn't believe me.
Yeah. a-hu. What about you? Did people make fun of your name?
You know, the basic idea of negotiation, as I understand it, is to get your price to go... up.
Oh, come on. There's a lot of people walking around the city that look like me.
Would you?
Why do we have to leave?
What hesitate? I didn't hesitate!
Do you know what this is all about? Do you know, why were here? To be out, this is out...and out is one of the single most enjoyable experiences of life. People...did you ever hear people talking about We should go out? This is what theyre talking about...this whole thing, were all out now, no one is home. Not one person here is home, were all out! There are people tryin to find us, they dont know where we are. (on an imaginary phone) Did you ring?, I cant find him. Where did he go? He didnt tell me where he was going. He must have gone out. You wanna go out you get ready, you pick out the clothes, right? You take the shower, you get all ready, get the cash, get your friends, the car, the spot, the reservation...Then youre standing around, whatta you do? You go We gotta be getting back. Once youre out, you wanna get back! You wanna go to sleep, you wanna get up, you wanna go out again tomorrow, right? Where ever you are in life, its my feeling, youve gotta go.
Nobody you know...
Hey, Tony.
(about the pie) This is no good.
My cousin Douglas was in a place like this one time . He came over to my house for dinner. There was no soda and he went bezerk. He was screamin' "where's the Pepsi, where's the Pepsi?"
No. I guess I just wasn't ready for the responsibilities of a pretend marriage.
The point is I intend to undertake this. And I'll do it with or without you. So if you're scared, if you haven't got the stomach for this, let's get it out right now! And I'll go on my own. If not, you can get on board and we can get to work! Now what's it going to be?
Really? It felt good.
Can I have the address of that garage sale? Okay, thank you very much. (To Kramer) I found Mom and Pop, they're sellin' my sneakers!
It's Dolores.
Very tasty.
Well. Well.
...C'mon.
Sorry, the flight was delayed, how long've you been waiting?
I'm Nelson!
Anklets?
(to George) She thinks it's someone named Raef.
Yeah. $37.50 for a Three Musketeers.
On the other hand, does that mean she should never be allowed to date again? You scratch one car and you're forbidden to have social contact for the rest of your life?!
No, what'd you say?
All of a sudden he gets hungry.
What is with this thing.
I dont bother with him. Hes been calling me for seven years. Ive never called him once! Hes got the attention span of a five-year-old. Sometimes I sit there and I make up things just to see if hes paying attention.
Duncan wants to get together with her and me for lunch tomorrow. He obviously wants me to admit I got a head start. And I don't think she believes me.
Boy, they seem pretty angry about something.
What?
Hey.
How 'bout if it was something like " I can't find my receipt my place's a stye.
Isn't that cute, a 'thank you' card from Kristin.
Hot dog?
No, I can't feel anything.
Oh, George Costanza , Kennedy High.
But, he's a dog! You need to see a real doctor.
I don't know, but they don't seem to like it. By the way how am I doing?
No, you didn't.
Cigars!
Kramer. I would like to talk to George for a minute, please.
I didn't know I wasn't supposed to say anything!
What happened here, Kramer?
You ready for the second one?
It's one of the hardest things I've ever had to do.
Well I guess there aren't any ice cubes.
They guy's in my house right now. What a mistake that party was, I never should have gone.
No, but he would've read your face.
Oh, you want to try the syrup! (Meryl smiles and takes it. The waitress comes over.)
He's got a house, a family, they could take away his license. You should have heard him. Three notes, how stupid was that? We never should have got three notes.
Just me? No dudes or fellas?
Well, that doesn't sound so bad.
Revenge date? That sound like you more than me.
Hey.
Well, it doesn't sound like you completely thought this through.
Whenever I see the news and they're hauling in some kind of terrorist, psycho, maniac, mass murderer guy. You notice he's always covering up his face with the newspaper, with the jacket, with the hat. What is he worried about? I mean what is this man's reputation? That he has to worry about this kind of exposure damaging his good name? I mean, what is he up for a big job promotion down at the office or something? Afraid the boss is gonna catch this on TV and go "isn't that Johnson from sales? He's up in that clock tower picking people off one by one. I don't know if that's that kind of man we want heading up that new branch office. He should be in bill collection. I think he's got aptitude."
So take it.
Why would anybody want a friend.
(pause) Not comfortable... (gets up again)
Yes we will.
So, this worked out pretty good. Them givin' me an extra ticket, y'know, you get a free trip to St. Louis, I did my gig, you got to see your sister...
Oh yeah, you and your *Sergio Mendes*...
He doesn't wanna take a ride.
Nah, you don't wanna be uncomfortable.
I find the whole thing very embarrassing.
Their grieving time is a luxury I can't afford. I'm calling Beth tonight, and if you want a clean shot at David, I suggest you do likewise.
Kramer , there's no way you're sleeping with me.
The main thing is to keep the line moving.
Hey, could you wait until the man finishes?
My foot fell asleep.
So, it's a two-bedroom-one-bath-make-your-friends-hate-ya?
I didn't notice the voice.
They still do that play?
Good luck.
Well, when I heard you weren't coming I made up and excuse and got the hell out of there.
Nothing. I just, I uh, I bruised my lip. I was drinking a Celray, and I brought it up too fast and I banged it into my lip, (lower voice and hurriedly) and then I knocked your toothbrush into the toilet and I wasn't able to tell you before you could use it.
What academy?
So what are you going to do with the mattress?
Sure.
Yeah, that's right.
(quietly crept out) This is really weird..
All right. I'll call the agency. [Elaine grabs card from George] Hello. Yes, I'm trying to get in touch with Tia Van Camp. Do you know if she's been in town? She's been in town. Oh really. well thank you very much. [hangs up] She has been in town. She's at CALVIN KLEIN's right now.
Why?
No, Elaines got this writer friend from Finland, Rava. Her boyfriend goes to Columbia grad school, and hes suppose to do it.
I don't know. Maybe he's embarrassed by Americans.
You what?
Shouldn't you do something with the extremities?
Well thank you very much, it's about time.
I still don't know what that means.
The uh toilet brush is under the sink.
There's no cops around. They're gonna leave. Come on.
I'M NOT DRIVING HIM TO THE AIRPORT!!
(jocular) You just bought your own dinner.
Hi oh.
How'd that happen?
What? Yo-yo Ma?
Nice try. So guess who heckled me at the club last night.
The dating world is not a fun world...its a pressure world, its a world of tension, its a world of pain...and you know, if a woman comes over to my house, I gotta get that bathroom ready, cause she needs things. Women need equipment. I dont know what they need. I know I dont have it, I know that- You know what they need, women seem to need a lot of cotton-balls. This is the one Im- always has been one of the amazing things to me...I have no cotton-balls, were all human beings, what is the story? Ive never had one...I never bought one, I never needed one, Ive never been in a situation, when I thought to myself I could use a cotton-ball right now. I can certainly get out of this mess. Women need them and they dont need one or two, they need thousands of them, they need bags, theyre like peat moss bags, have you ever seen these giant bags? Theyre huge and two days later, theyre out, theyre gone, the, the bag is empty, where are the cotton-balls, ladies? What are you doin with them? The only time I ever see em is in the bottom of your little waste basket, theres two or three, that look like theyve been through some horrible experience... tortured, interrogated, I dont know what happened to them. I once went out with a girl whos left a little zip-lock-baggy of cotton-balls over at my house. I dont know what to do with them, I took them out, I put them on my kitchen floor like little tumbleweeds. I thought maybe the cockroaches would see it, figure this is a dead town. Lets move on. The dating world is a world of pressure. Lets face it a date is a job interview that lasts all night. The only difference between a date and a job interview is not many job interviews is there a chance youll end up naked at the end of it. You know? Well, Bill, the boss thinks youre the man for the position, why dont you strip down and meet some of the people youll be workin with?
What do you think? They gave me a new car for thirty minutes of 'So, who's from out of town?'
Thank you very much... Well, then go out and smell the car; see which smells worse.
Kramer, you're gonna leave these chairs here for two and a half years?!
Yes, and I returned it in 1971.
Yeah. He's really got a good thing with her. In fact I'm doubling with them tonight.
No, to tell you the truth, I was thinking of buying my father a new car.
What does that mean?
Ya broke my blender, didnt ya?
Oh.
Hello is this Alicia? .This is Jerry Seinfeld.
Yeah. He talks about him like he split the atom. The kid works for the Parks Department.
So, Saturday night.
No, I think the head does most of the stretching.
Oh hi.
Well wh..wh.what are you doing?
151?
Hi Elaine.
(leaving) Konichi-wa.
I dunno...
...the...the...
"Yeah!"
Yeah.
(indicates the bowl of cereal) No milk?
She reorganizes your closet and shows you how to maximize your closet space. She looked into my closet.
So how's it goin' at work? They get tired of it?
I don't know.
I'm not religious, but I certainly know where to draw the line!
Why is it so difficult, uncomfortable, to be naked. It's because when you have clothes on you can always kinda make those little adjustments which people like to do ... you feel like you're getting it together, yeah, yeah pretty good (pulling at lapels, pockets etc.) feeling good looking good But when you're naked it's like it's so final you're, Well that's it. (no movements) There's nothing else I can do. That's why I like to wear a belt when I'm naked. Cause I feel it gives me something, I know I'm naked, but you know, (tugging and lifting belt) I like to get pockets to hang off of the belt that would be, wouldn't that be the ultimate? To be naked and still be able to do this (hand in pocket) I think that would really help a lot.
Im a guy  it always looks like that.
Hey George, you coming to the Tonight Show on Thursday?
Scared the hell out of that guy.
Myra, Stan.
Hey, cable guy's looking for you.
Is that why it's so hard to get an appointment?
No, no, the--
Aah, top of the fridge. Hey George, I'm taking that waitress to the Tony's.
No ,no I don't, I mean, Don't be silly..
(in the hallway, hearing the door lock behind him, turns back) Kramer!
So you're not gonna come back to New York with us?
Yeah, when it's your money, it's fascinating.
What is it?
(impressed) Well! Mack is back in town! Nice duds.
Could I just buy an umbrella?
I dont even know them. What is she, your second cousin? I mean, Ive met them three times in my life.
Oh, Pepe. Yeah, Pepe. And, uh, he was making tamales.
So, we're.. uhh, drinkin' and talkin', and uhh, so, she starts rubbing my leg.
Yikes.
I know and on the first tournament of her comeback.
I can?
It's a little ...
Hey! Whattaya know!
Mike. You say you're a bookie? You take a bet an' then you can't pay? I don't know, Mike, to me it sounds a little, how you say.. "Phony"?
What is so bad about having a little piece of cake?
Is my toaster oven on there?
You, you're going now?
Well, you know..
(ironically) Oh yeah, that will go over real well with that crowd.
Yeah.
(Grabs his coat) Oh, this is really annoying.
Yeah, see ya. (he hangs up)
So, buy something.
What'd ya tell him that for?
Bailed? C'mon, you knew I wanted to be a comedian. Besides, we had some good time. Remember Tropical Storm Renee?
Well, so what? You're gettin' a deal, right? We'll split it three ways.
(to Kessler) Yeah. (to the phone) Yeah, people do move. Have you ever seen the big trucks out on the street? Yeah, no problem.
Never seen a picture of him?
Excuse me. (Gets up and answers the door.) Alright, what is it? You're interrupting!
Security? Well, I don't know how you're gonna make it in this business if you can't take it! Ya gotta be tough! Booo! Boooo!
Kramer, cockfighting is illegal.
We were ten.
You thought I was gonna get married?
What am I gonna wear?
Yikes!
So she..
It is exciting.
You know the difference between a dentist and a sadist don't you?
(to the man) Excuse me. Mister Benes?
That's how it's gonna be.
Pam!
And get this - I'm working in Atlantic City this weekend, and she's going to be down there for the pageant.
She doesnt wanna borrow the money.
No.
We're straightening out!
Then what?
humm...
You know what we could do? He eats at that restaurant, Pfeiffer's? We could have Gail call us, tell us the next time he's there, go there and talk to him.
I'm sorry.
Yeah. You almost ruined his life's work.
(TO GEORGE) Was he also in a Red Chinese prison?
Don't worry. We won't forget!
Oh, that's too bad.
Really, stopping short. That's a good move.
Oh, it won't be for that long.
Absolutely. But I feel I must inform you that what happened last night was more than a simple bet.
Oh, yeah, I know. You do the *pinch*.
Well, you know. I mean... I dunno.
Yes. A bubble boy.
Well, I think that statement alone reflects your burgeoning intelligence. (Sits on a couch.) Hey, what about this one?
(sarcastic) Yeah, you told me.
Well that's a start.
Acting.
(Pulls a small bottle out of his pocket) Uh-huh. Hey, look what they had on the plane. Schnapps.
This puddle on my sofa!
What? Nothing.
She seems very nice.
Hi.
Well, perhaps we can take comfort in the knowledge that in the next world, Ray will be the recipient of a much larger and more harsh brand of justice..
Is it a lot of cream soups?
The average person in a situation like this, they walk right by it. Not me.
No! [throws her purse back at her] No, I mean, no thank you, nah...
That was a one in a million Mohel.
By yourself?
Nice Mohel picking, Elaine. You picked a helluva Mohel!
That'd be great. There's no wrong answer.
I told ya. How good is this?
You know I have some friends who would really like to have these.
What happened?
Are we going out?
Hello.
Nancy Klopper?
Of course not, if I did would you have gone?
I can't. I'm meeting Uncle Leo. I saw him shoplifting at the bookstore.
I see. She's looking.
Yeah, let's just get out of here.
We brushed on that. Actually, George was in rare form. He just can't find anybody.
(Stopping the notion) What's that?
Are you sure?
I had to give him a tissue. In fact, let me call his machine now and Ill just make up some excuse why I cant go to the game either.
New couch, baby!
No.
This is beautiful. These jackets never fit me right.
Oh, come on.
A rebel? No. Johnny Yuma was a rebel. Eckman is a nut. George, you want to take care of your tonsils, you do it in a hospital. With a doctor.
Oh, you're tall - she's tall I'm tall. What's the difference who's tall. We're all tall.
I dunno. (realising) Oh, 'cos you said you'd give the bike to anyone who fixes your neck.
So is this a breakup/quitting?
Its raining? Its raining. The game will be postponed. Well play tomorrow.
No, you walk out.
(turning to each other) I dont know. Hes an importer.
Hum, a cologne that smells like the beach. I can't believe I'm saying this, "That's not a bad idea."
Oh no! The letter, Newman, it's got exclamation points all over it!
But I never walk you home.
Then can I have it back?
(Scoffing) Camp.
I really have to go to the bathroom.
There must be some mistake.
Kramer's party.
You really should.
And you're still dating him? I tell you who sounds a little desperado.
Oh, I don't know, play it by ear. Why?
Yeah, they have been promising that for a while..
You, anybody - whatever. You're in the little room, you're chained to the floor, you're there for a long time.. do you think they would ever consider doing the laundry?
Something derogatory? (Gail enters the coffee shop and walks over to the booth.)
What's even more amazing is his formal training is in pediatrics.
to virtually anyone, as long as they're not you?
Is she OK?
Nnnoo--I don't want 'em. (starts backing away as Kramer follows him around the room carrying the underwear)
How about our little Elaine huh? Attended the finest finishing schools on the Eastern seaboard. Equestrian competitions. Debutante balls. Look at her now. Interviewing Mohels.
So, can I convince anybody to come down to Coney Island with me? I got to pick up my car at the pound. George?
What are you eating?
Can you get me a soda?
Yeah, all right.
So what do you want? You want me take you to the hospital?
What d'you mean, could've?
I was chewing gum with Lloyd Braun, and he was bragging about the peepshow you gave him at the Alex.
(thoughtful) Hmm, that could hurt me. (pointing out of window) Hey, there it is.
No, hed go nuts.
Well, we got three bags.
I know the point.
Turn up the heat in your apartment! (opens a window)
Hey, Ronnie.
Take the keys.
What are you talking about?
Maybe he knows O'Brien?
I can't believe you still do that. You know those things are bad for ya.
Yeah, I know.
Ah, no thanks.
(quickly moves over toward Matthew) What the *beep*(fuck) are you doing? You little piece of *beep*(shit)!
I don't understand it. You were having such a great time, the sex, the shopping.
Elaine ... look! A twenty!
I mean, you love Susan, right?
Here.
Oh, I don't know. I told them her death takes place in the shadow of new life. She's not really dead if we find a way to remember her.
What?
This is far more important. You must exercise the gaskets, George.
Who said you have to like it?
What, do you think I care about the money? Is that what you think? You want me to show you what I care about money? Here look, here look at this, here's a dollar here look, there, that?s how much I care about money.
What?
Yeah. (disappointed)
Oh, this is ridiculous.
Oh, the trunk's broken, it's rattling.
What is that smell?
You wanna go with me up to (clap) the Bronx and see if there's any flyers on George's car.
That doesn't make it right.
Oh, hi dad.
No one's ever asked. You want it? It's 'Jor-El.'
When I started out as a comedian, I sold umbrellas. It was my idea to twirl it, to attract customers.
Oh my!
So you're saying, I go in to NBC, and tell them I got this idea for a show about nothing.
Well, what's wrong with you?
Yeah, you're right.
You know what it was, bad location.
It's not like you're my wife.
Yeah, here.
Is that your "chicken" making all that noise?
George!
Dad, before we go, I got a little something for you.
Yeah, Ill have the egg salad on whole wheat.
I don't get this. I go out with this girl three times, she doesn't want to shake my hand - why's she kissing you?
Uh, well. It, uh...
I have a friend who is about to get married, they're having the bachelor party and the bridal shower on the same day... So it's conceivable that while she's getting the lingerie, he'd be at a nude bar watching a table dancer wearing the same outfit. That is possible. But to me, the difference between being single and being married, is the form of government. You see, when you're single, you are the dictator of your own life. I have complete power. I can give the order to fall asleep on the sofa with the TV on in the middle of the day, no-one can overrule me! When you're married, you're part of a vast decision-making body. Before anything gets done there are meetings. Committees have to study the situation. And this is if the marriage works. That's what's so painful about divorce you get impeached and you're not even the president!
That's enough with this piece of junk I've had it. (throws watch in garbage)
What is it?
Why doesn't she pay for hers?
Huh? Huh?
It's wrong, it's rude, and it's incorrect.
Oh... all right... wanna get some pizza?
You know, it's a funny thing, because after the pilot got cancelled, we hadn't heard from you.
Yeah. We've been coming here everyday. This is so fuck(bleeped)ing good.
Kramer!
Your boys should stay in their neighborhood.
I don't know and I didn't want to find out. So where is my jacket?
Who is he not to tell you about his life-threatening illness?
Oh, then I'm not worried.
Really, why d'you think they're taking you out to lunch?
Oh, come on, be a come-with guy.
Good evening, folks. How you doing? (small reaction from the crowd) Well, you sound like a great crowd. We have a show we're gonna put on for you tonight. It's a new TV show. It's what they call a pilot. And we hope it becomes a series. It's called 'Jerry', and I'm playing Jerry--
What is his stand...on abortion?
What happened to the jacket. Did he take it with him?
What is this? "Murphy Brown"?
Friday night.
There. Alright?
Yes, yes, I did. But, you know, I was watching it on CNN, and they covered it so well I thought, "Why knock my brains out?"
Look Ramon, you're, you're a nice guy. But I, I actually only have three friends. I really can't handle any more.
Yeah.. yeah.
(exasperation) You are such an idiot. Well, we gotta get the car cleaned up for my parents.
So take a cab.
I'm sure he'll be here any minute.
I don't have a preference, okay! Just make a decision yourself! Stop bothering me with every minor little detail, please?
(Defiantly) I'm not paying four hundred dollars! I don't even want the thing. What are you going to do?!
All right, let's go. We don't have much time before the meeting.
Yeah.
Hi.
He did?
I'm working in Atlantic City.
Yes. (Slams down phone. Kramer and Mickey enter)
Except the store's in Delaware.
You know, I really need to use the bathroom.
That's your problem, you should be.
Good. Did you have fun? You have no idea, what youre talking about, now, come on, come with me. (stands up) I gotta go get my stuff out of the dryer anyway.
(smiling) Really? That's great. You said that to him?
What is the big deal?
(Obviously resents talking to her) Yes.
Cookies don't liquefy.
I'm finding that out. (Kramer enters)
Yeah. I think it might have something to do with those checks.
What are you doing here?
You faked with me?
Doesnt matter. Whats the young mans name? I would like to meet him.
Alright, alright. I'll wake 'em up.
You told me that already like two months ago.
Seven? Yeah, I guess I could see it. Seven. Seven periods of school, seven beatings a day. Roughly seven stitches a beating, and eventually seven years to life. Yeah, you're doing that child quite a service.
What? Nothing.
So join in.
Well let me ask you this. What exactly did you say when you asked her out?
Oh, Phil... Mrs. Phil. I'm so sorry.
What look?
I thought you said it was imminent.
Yeah Why?
How about that guy writing a check for 19.45?
Oh, my God.
I don't know, I don't understand it. Cheryl was supposed to take care
I'm sorry Elaine, I'll make it up to you.
So you think you're not gonna get the job because your pants make a noise?
Oh I see they have apple pie.
Kramer, what did you do?
What do you need it for?
Aw!
Yeah, you'd better shoot for March.
Well we're sitting here together. Why wouldn't you think that.
Get out of here!
Hi Louise...
I don't know.
I'm not saying anything, I'm putting it in the vault, I'm locking the vault, it's a vault!
Depends.
Shes right in my building! Right above me! Every time I come in the building, Im gonna have to sneak around like a cat burglar.
Are you alright?
I never feel comfortable in the women's department. I feel like I'm just a *little* too close to trying on a dress.
Alright, alright, I'll cash the checks.
What about little Joey?
Look at that. Why do I get bananas? They're good for *one* day...
Great talkin' to you. (Nina leaves. To himself) What the hell is e-mail?
I mean I'm happy sometimes, but-but not now.
You're good with the mothers.
Why? Why are they doing that?
Good question. (More to himself than to Elaine) Why are we calling?
Maybe!
Alright, Costanza - it's just you and me.
(singing) Believe it or not, Geooorge isn't at home.
some mouthwash, a hat, something.
Best friend- Ive never been to your apartment.
Yeah. (Tapping his watch) Look at the time.
I'm not joking!
No!
Not our "all the way", their "all the way." I got the stink of responsibility on me.
Alright.
Look Kramer, i-i-if I'm gonna live over there, y-y-you gotta take some of this stuff out. I mean this thing is really freaking me out (holds up a ventriloquist dummy). I feel like its gonna come to life in the middle of the night and kill me.
All right. As you walk in the place move immediately to your right.
Well Biff/ What's next?
Oh man...
Why don't you go to another nail shop?
Well, I felt bad about this afternoon, so I got you something.
(pause) It's your third day..
Inside out! Great.
Of course.
Oh, come on!
"Oh! How d'you like that?"
Crazy kids, huh?
I tried to get him one but Man-Hands almost ripped my arm out of the socket!
Flinched? I did not flinch. George, did I flinch?
. . . it's uh, being fixed.
I don't want to trade.
Why?
Good body.
Come on.
Oh of course. Todd Gack. You did you bet was in Star Wars? Sammy Davis Jr.
What does he want from me? I didn't do anything. See this is all Elaine's fault. She took off to Europe with his psychiatrist. He probably can't get his medication. Now I got some nut after me.
I'm not here, leave a message.
Jerry, uh, I'm the boyfriend. (puts his arm around Elaine's shoulder, but she shrugs it off twice)
How was the rest of Death Blow?
Oh, thanks a lot, two weeks late. Now that costs me thirty-five dollars to see Havana.
Oh, don't be a baby! What are you scared of?
(Rubbing it in) Ah, the drunken make-out. An office classic. Did you end up xeroxing anything?
(Pleading) George, I'm sorry.
What?
I gotta go meet Pam.
We're having the intervention for Richie.
Okay, great.
I DON'T WANT IT ....
(Pointing) But are you still master of your domain?
But then I found out about the skin cancer.
I don't know, I'm obsessed with it. It's like a spider in the toilet struggling for survival. And even though ya know he's not going to make it, y-y-you kind of root for him for a second.
I don't understand what the big deal is.
For example, now, I call you whenever I'm inclined and vice versa.
Roll-out tie dispenser? What was that one?
(Wakes up) Where are we?
Why not?
You like the couch? Ill tell you what Im gonna do.
'Cause that's what's gonna happen.
This is how you operate?
All right...
I kinda like this opera crowd, I feel tough... Anybody else got a problem?
He's a boy who lives in a bubble.
So you dont know whats wrong with him?
Hey...
Oh. Sounds great.
Because George is a deeply disturbed individual.
Yes, come on! How often do you get engaged? Come on!
What about the chamber maids? Are they naked, too?
We come up with all these stupid reasons to break up with these women.
Nah, don't bother.
Hold it. Broccoli? Newman, you wouldn't eat broccoli if it was deep fried in chocolate sauce.
Look at your skin.
Boy, I would love to have been there when you told him off.
Yes?
It doesn't work like that.
Of course. How are you?
What?
Hell have a lot of catching up to do, I guess.
No, forget it, I'm gonna call.
New shirt?
No I didn't.
Youre gonna get back together, anyway. Its thousands of dollars!
You like saying Gore-Tex, don't you?
No, you don't understand - it's not what you think! It was an accident!
Aren't mannequins an insult to your imagination? You couldn't possibly visualize a sweater so we'll show you on this life size snotty puppet. I guess when they finish with them they become crash test dummies. That's the end of the line for a mannequin. "What ever happened to Bob?" "Have you seen that new Volvo commercial? He's got a bulls eye right in his face." Mannequins are only used for car accidents and fashion, I guess these are the two situations that it's impossible for us to imagine ourselves. Well dressed or getting killed. I'm sure there is some pro-mannequin organization that doesn't even like you to use the term mannequin. "Hey they're not mannequins, they're the life deprived."
What floss? When?
Sorry about the Olympics.
No, Ill go. Im going.
(Sarcastic) What a surprise. (Enters George's room overly sympathetic - leading George to think that the Doctor told Jerry something significant) Hey, how ya doin' buddy? You need anything? Do you want me to go out and get you a Superman comic?
Really? You never slipped one past the goalie in all these years??... Boy, I'm surprised. You've slept with a lot of women!
Exactly. I love Phase Two. Extra toothbrushes, increased phone call frequency, walking around naked. You know, the presents get a lot better in Phase Two.
Kramer, who'd you sell your ticket to?
Hey, George.
Well let's just order to go, we'll eat it in the cab.
What's the big rush?
Youre flesh and blood.
Hey! So, wheres my money?
(Throwing up his hands) I don't know! It just popped out.
Well, I gotta go to the airport. I'm picking up my parents.
I told you George, no more pudding. I'm starting a purification program. Keep all that kind of food away from me.
Didja leave a message?
Good.
Well, I'm sure you're not... Totally Depleted.
(waving the key) You jammed your key in here? You shorted out my intercom!
Yes, clothes. This is normal.
So how was it?
We would love to be in business. We'll do business. We're in business. It's... it's business. This is business.
The fabric of society is very complex George.
Jerry Seinfeld.
Yeah.
Well, it's probably the most intelligent ape there is.
She's the model I met on the plane.
I'm not a foodie. I don't, "Oh, this is too rare. Oh, it's too salty." Just eat it and shut up. I'll eat anywhere, whatever they're having. I have eaten rotten rolls off of room service trays in hotel hallways. I have. It's not a joke. This is my life. I don't know, somebody left it. Why would someone poison a roll, and leave it in a hallway for some comic coming down at two o' clock in the morning? Why would they do that? Sometimes you go to a nice restaurant, they put the check in a little book. What is this? The story of the bill? "Once upon a time, there were some very hungry people.." What is this? A little gold tassle hanging down? Am I graduating from the restaurant? What is this about?
Eh, the whole business has changed. It's all about money now. The sad thing is it's the kids that suffer. (Kramer enters)
Oh. Hello, uh (looks for and finds the photo) Mary.
(examining the button) Boy, look how far back it goes. It's like a tooth.
Newsletter?
No ,it's George ( Elaine laughs heartily)
I dont think you did anything wrong.
(leafing through his mail) Oh great, a birth announcement from Arnie and Joy Harris.
But he was squinting.
Del Boca Vista, that's where my parents are gonna live!
Yeah. And then you went on to...Well, it's a good game.
I don't need a reason to give gifts, it's my nature. I love to make people happy.
How long did you leave it up there?
So?
Nothing. Nothing at all. I was just merely expressing...
Elaine, let me tell you something about show business. It's hard work! You don't just write a "Murphy Brown." You gotta watch the show, study it, get a sense of the characters, how they relate to each other.
I knew it.
I've called everyone. You know how hard it is to get a dermatologist in this town? (Kramer comes in) A real dermatologist.
I know this doesn't seem like work to any of you, if you could perhaps conduct your psychopath convention down the hall, I could just get a little personal space.
(like a frustrated child) Why can't I know?
Hey, what's the story? I hear you're doing my move.
So how did you leave it with him?
How much are they payin' you?
Yeah, in fact we could track down Kramer. I always felt bad about the way he left, you know? That was a mess. I never should have taken back those keys.
The last thing this guy's qualified to give a tour of is reality.
(Pulls the note out of his pocket) That's it! That's it! Flaming globes of Sigmond! Flaming Globes of Sigmond! That's my note! tha'ts what I thought was so funny?! ..That's not funny.. There's nothing funny about that.
How about adult contemporary?
hey, uh.. (Kramer walks around a little) what'd you get there?
(indicates with his thumb) Yeah, I'm just going up to see Elaine Benes.
I know, I know...
Do you want me to paint you something? I'd love to paint you some- thing!
Bob.
Hey Joe.
(smiles) Actually, I am a comedian.
"Did you notice he always refer to himself in the third person. Jimmy can dunk. Jimmy's new in town. Jimmy we'll see you later."
I thought you might.
Nice meeting you.
He drove a car with no arms?
No, it's not. It's mine. I'm a fancy boy.
Like you care.
AM/PM.
Babu must be back.
Well I started to go under...
Vanessa, thank you. Ive been thinking about asking her to go away for a couple of days.
Ma, I told you, just dip the bread in the batter, and put in right in the pan... Okay, bye. (Jerry hangs up; to Rava) My mother. She forgot how to make French toast. You know how mothers are.
Uh, no uh, someone offered Harold and Manny five thousand for the apartment. Im sure theyd just as soon give it to you, but youd have to come up with that money.
What for? Oh come on.
No, but wait, wait And then you dump them off onto Kramer..
Why?
What? What is it?
Why did you tell me that if I can't say anything?!
It's killing me. (Makes a move)
Think she wants those clubs.
(thinking) So, you just need some guys that could roll 'em?
If I don't tell you it will kill you, won't it?
Ah, really.
Not getting it.
Get going.
No, I just had a sandwich.
Go! What could you do?
(to Elaine) Well there's really no point in me staying. I mean you just gonna be...
No, I tried it on. It fits good.
and that's why you're going out with him
(To Assistant) Maybe he doesn't like them. That's possible.
I'm sorry, Lorraine, this is Elaine...
See you later.
So it could be anyone?
Aww, right. Three hundred, plus fifty for the repair. Three fifty, that's it!
Im sorry if I caused any trouble. I was just being friendly.
So youre pretty much
Then YOU would be hunched over.
Yes. Hes a doctor. (Elaine starts to leave. ) Wait a second. (Jerry puts the bottle of fungicide in Elaines purse.) (to George) What are you doing?
How did it happen?
I've gotta to tell you about existence of egg salad?
What? What?! You were the one who was talking dirty. I was just trying to keep up!
Oh, you really missed something. And I have to say...it was pretty much all my fault. (Jerry smiles. George laughs.) So, how's the book coming? (George's laughs taper off...) I say, how's the book comin'?
Yeah, I put a six hour tape in. That should cover the experiment, the arrest, and most of your trial. Alright, Ill see ya.
I may have mentioned it.
Well, once I didnt have dinner until, like 900 oclock, that was pretty rough. (exits to hall with garbage  meets George) Hey, do me a favour will ya? Throw out my garbage for me.
No, I'll crab it.
I'm going to hire you as my latex salesman?
She faked.
He'll always be criticizing your brushing technique, it'll drive you crazy. (Mimics brushing his teeth) Away from the gums... (The door opens a little, George jangles the keys to his new car at Jerry and Elaine, then enters.)
Except that it's not Putty.
Why?
Ma, will you stop?
What do you think the Nazis were doin? (Imitates the Nazis salute) That was the heil-five.
Elaine, come on, take a walk with me down to the Laundromat. I gotta pay this guy the money..
Well, she obviously liked you all along.
What he gave it to me.
He offered it to me.
Drop one. . . . left!
George was right. Didn't take you long.
Oh, I had that comin' to me.
Dylan Murphy.
(hurried) Great, bye.
Not a good sign.
Yeah, it's a puffy shirt.
Couple of interviews.
It's hard enough living next door.
We'll move his teeth, it happened to my uncle, the sugar revived him.
Sample? (under his breath) Newman. Uh, I was there but I was just dropping off a book.
Kramer?
Hey, Elaine is going to come with us, alright?
Box of raisinettes eating another box of raisinettes? It's perverse.
You asked her out?
Yeah, you wanna get that meal, don't you?
He, uh, he must've been dictating first thing in the morning. "I want a cup of coffee and a muffin!"
Fred?
The Drake is good!
What happened to you?
I don't wanna use your car.
Hey.
Hello. (listens) Oh, hi Nana. (listens) What? Oh. Oh, alright, okay. Don't worry about it. (listens) Okay, I'll see you later. Alright, bye.
Two hundred. But I'll tell him it's fifty. He doesn't care about the gift. He gets excited about the deal.
Yes.
Art Cor...
(looks in the creamer) Theres no milk in here, what...
George Costanza...
No.
I don't think my attitude has changed.
I'll tell you, that There for you crap was a stroke of genius.
Went out with George, you?
"Yeah!!! What is that? I mean isn't that sick. I mean , I'd be embarrassed to have that in my apartment."
Spread out, spread out you numbskulls. Why dont you just settle it like mature adults?
I hear you're going out with David Putty.
George?
I dont get you. Who goes on vacation without a job? What do you need a break from getting up at eleven?
Convulsing?
Hi.
Oh what, you're upset?
George?
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Two o clock.
All right, all right. Here. (hands George a piece of the candy bar).
Take care
George is dating a convict.
The box of raisinettes runs up to the concession stand, buys another box of raisinettes.
Just call me if you hear anything. (hangs up and faces Kramer) Well? I cashed the checks, the checks bounced and now my Nana's missing!
Yeah, and we had an accident with your car, it's a, its a little crumpled.
I know this woman. This is gonna drive me crazy.
You're looking up movies for people now?
Yeah, I'm the shark and he's the fish eating my laughs.
Yeah, me too. Well, you can't expect to just forget the past completely.
Alright, I admit it. I slept with Nina, but that's all.
Mona a Baldo .
Hey. So, ah, Ramon this is my friend Elaine.
Would you hold it a second?! Thank you, will you get out of here with that stuff?
What about your father's car?
I don't know how you can unwind with that clock ticking. It makes me anxious.
It's softer.
(pointing at TV) Hey, that's her!
You're supposed to just take a peek after a poke. You were like you just put a quarter into one of those big metal things on top of the Empire State Building.
(Pleading) Leave me alone.
It's All-Tempa-Cheer.
Oh, alright ah well... There's a priest, a minister and a rabbi, and they're all staring at him....
I was just flipping it, it's mine.
Ya' got me I fell for it. Alright, OK I can be down there in like a half hour. Bye.
Hello, Newman.
Well the-the crowd must have gone wild!
(determined) I wanna join. I need it to become a member.
Even if this so called mental defective did put something on her leg she's still the one who laughed.
B.L.?
I don't want to.
No, me either.
Hey, where's Kramer?
Hey, George, do me a favour. If they make you an offer, whatever it is. (vehement) Just take it!
She's not beautiful.
So you think it's a non-vite?
Saturday night (she leaves)
You went back to the Jockeys?
You're kidding.
Well you'll have to go to the supermarket.
Yes, the hole!
You're going to do something about it?
Oh, I knew it was you, I was joking. I'm a comedian.
She's on your turf.
So what?
Hi!
Where are you going, what?s the rush?
Yeah she asked for your number, I think she's gonna get in touch with you.
Again!? How much flan can a person eat!?
You know, it occurs to me that Kramer is at karate right now.
I'm not having this conversation.
Excuse me, Mother?
That's my hand towel! I use that on my face, hands and chest! That's where the hives are coming from! It's not from Dr. Sitarides, it's from Dr. Van Nostrand!
I, I'm sorry.
(Confirming) An alliance. (They both shake hands and laugh evily) Now get the hell outta here. (Newman leaves)
Stairmaster?
Yeah.
Do you want to be able to get it out or do you want to not be able to get it out?
I didnt know. Kramer told me about the worlds.
(Kramer waddling out the door) Maybe you can soak in the tub.
The hands of a man. It's like a creature out of Greek Mythology, I mean, she was like part woman, part horrible beast.
Yeah thats a good deal -- you win the Pennant with that trade, hair for phlegm.
"Jimmy"
How much do they cost?
Yes. That's what was so vexing.
Hello Newman.
it's battle conditions
I'm sorry about the gift, I didn't know about your condition.
Obviously never.
Well, you better go down there and tell this guy. He's very excited.
Take it here, I'll leave, there'll be no distractions.
No.
Yea, that's no good.
Pam? What do you care? (Newman shrugs. Jerry notices he's carrying a Brentano's bookstore bag.)
No, I'm supposed to meet my friends to see this movie ``CheckMate'' at 1030.
So you want me to return it?
We made plans.
Discount?
Hey, ??? is rerunning the Yankee game. You watching this?
Yeah, that's right!
Boy, you're on quite a streak. Job promotion, plus you're back with Jake Jarmal.
Tia, did you see all the flowers in that bathroom? It's like an English garden in there.
God, you're right.
I sound funny?
Fourteen thousand.
Course you may not see it for twenty years.
Well, Im sure you did. Who wouldnt love a pony? Who wouldnt love a person that had a pony?
No, I don't wanna see the naked people.
All right, you're beyond stink.
Can't be done, huh?
You kept makin' all the stops?
You didn't look down?
Yeah, think. Don't you remember you kept begging me to see it then finally I agreed. You were supposed to return it. I met you in the gym locker room.
(weary) Yes, George, because of society. So how did the big meeting turn out?
Well he's kind of modest.
So... I'm Jerry. (he puts down the drink)
Kramer, you can't keep avoiding her like this, you're gonna have to say something.
You're a Genius!
Why are you buttering your face?
Wow, Newman's helmet.
We all want the hand. Hand is tough to get. You gotta get the hand right from the opening.
What's his last name?
It is! (Jerry walks forcefully into the dressing room and closes the door) Give me that back.
Yeah.
So, how hot did it get?
That's a date?
You saw her? What was she wearing?
You better finish your little caf latte there. They won't let you in with it.
Where ya goin'?
What, what is wrong with her?
Why not you?
So what d'you have to do? Pay to keep it clean?
Did he take 'em?
yeah, it's a damn shame, a damn shame!
(Handing her a small bottle) Here, drink this.
It's an exclamation point! It's a line with a dot under it.
Do I have to?
Cleaver, I once had cleaver as a kid. I was able to lift a car.
Well, for one think, don't listen to him.
What could you possibly like about that?
Hi
THIS is your hiding place?! (Elaine laughs)
No economic reason for them to be here.
Well, so what if I said that?
I went down to the magazine, I pleaded with him to come and see me again, finally he agreed to come down tonight, and he's going to write another article.
(Eagerly reaching for the phone) Yes. (George turns the TV on, and begins watching as Jerry dials the number) Hi, is Elaine there? Oh, uh, Hi, Sandra. Uh, yeah. I can hold. (To George) Every time I call I gotta chit-chat with her assistant for, like, twenty minutes. (Back into the phone) Oh, hi, Sandra. Listen, I'm at a pay phone, and there's lots of people here waiting to use it. (Yelling out for believability) I'll be off in a minute! (To Sandra) Yeah, could you just put me through to Elaine? Okay, thanks! (He turns to George) Are you thinking of ideas? (George, picking his teeth with his finger, is absorbed into the television. He seems to not even notice Jerry) Listen, Elaine, is there any way I could get through to you directly? Every time I call Sandra bends my ear for, like, twenty minutes. (Pause) So we're on for later?
How could you say that?
Kramer, (Trying to pass him) get outta my way!
You don't understand, someone's after us, a crazy clown is trying to kill us.
Hey! Did you get the Volvo?
Uh huh...
*We*? No.
I tell you. If you were hitch-hiking, you'd never get into a car with someone with a hairdo like that.
Yeah.
I try.
What are you talking about? It's my car. Let me pay for the gas.
No, Im gonna take my car.
We didnt bet on if you wanted to. We bet on if it would be done.
I killed.
George, this is a little too much for me - escaped convicts, fugitive sex...I got a cockfight to focus on. (Jerry leaves.)
Nothing. Listen, I'm sorry, I just -
Yeah, so I didn't miss anything?
Naw, I gotta wait until its just the right time.
But your were an executive, this is fast food.
So were going to make the Post Office pay for my new stereo?
Maybe I'll check out France.
Gina, do you know what a Drakes Coffee Cake is?
Come up - Ah, there he is, the man himself, George Louis Costanza. Here I am about to go to the electric chair and my oldest friend is dating the governor
Why??
Well you have to.
(thinking; quickly) Sagman, Bennet, Robbins, Oppenheim and Taft. Sagman, Bennet, Robbins, Oppenheim and Taft.
You know, this is liek that Twilight Zone where the guy wakes up, and he's the same - but everyone else is different!
I don't know about you, but I'm getting a hankering for some doublemint gum. Alright, I'm dropping you off at work, right?
Hey.
Right there, guys. That's perfect. Ah? Whatta ya think, Lainie?
Peach.
(looks at watch) Ten-thirty.
What did you do?
I'll be back on Monday.
Welcome everyone to the room...Ah, the extra button....yeah ... what kind of a sicko would save these ...have them in a huge file, drawers that wide (small fingers opening imaginary drawers) Where the hell is that ... I mean is it THAT hard to get round black buttons that they have to make it into such a great thing like this? ... is it such a great jacket ... the buttons are so unique, so one of a kind, you'll never find them - they save you the trouble of knocking your brain off - and we know they're going to fall off too that's the other thing ...
Look at you. I told you. Up all night playing poker. Come on. (Jerry and George are about to leave. George turn's back and looks at Kramer.)
Oh!
Oh! I think we're at the bottom.
You don't mean here?
How much?
For both of us.
Hey, you know what? Maybe he's a diabetic, he might just need a cookie or something.
What if I can't keep up?
In the one minute he worked on me I could tell he was really good.
Oh I don't know, he threw your organizer out the window?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Who wants to responsible? When ever anything goes wrong, the first thing they ask is who's responsible for this?
Because she's my wife! (The door buzzer sounds; Jerry answers it) Yeh?
So what do you say? Run in the cyclone. Hotdogs on Nathan's is on me.
I'm NOT DRIVING HIM TO THE AIRPORT! ..
Let me tell you something Babu. You go back in that kitchen -- tell your chef I want the works.
I had to.
Hey, where's Kramer?
What about me?
(walking away) Yeah, I'll see ya'.
I can't figure out what's going on here. I can't follow the plot. Why did they kill that guy? I thought he was with them?
I dont have any plants.
You leave me no choice! You're the media now as far as I'm concerned!
I never remember you with a girl.
Ah! right...nice. Lunch with Elaine?
Where's George now?
you napkin I'm dripping
I met this deaf lineswoman at the tennis match.
Oh yeah, shes great.
Have you thought any more about that trip?
Radar detector? I've never seen you go over twenty miles an hour. You're like the Grand Marshall of the Rose Bowl Parade. It's a Wizard organizer.
Oh my god.
You're racing!
Hows he doing?
Cause you know, I love Elaine.
Number one?
No story?
I'm tucking! Hello? Hello? They hung up on me. They don't know where Kramer is anyway.
That's new age music. Sounds of the forest. I find it soothing. Hey, look at this! What do you know? A massage table! This is great! (he starts to install the table)
Well maybe she just wanted to move on to other business.
(seeing that Kramer has a new watch) What's that?
Really I'll be back.
Stuff.
Mother of God.
Do I have to talk? I don't feel like talking.
You gotta get an estimate on my car from him. I think this garage is trying to screw me.
No T-bone?
Hey, maybe I should get Elaine something.
No, next Wednesday. If it was tonight, I wouldve said tonight.
Now, what is it that you do, exactly?
Well, actually, we do have to kind of get going.
So, Im gettin the insiders deal?
(to Mickey) Why does this guy Johnny have it in for you?
You're not alone. I'm practically broke.
Well, her belly button is like a mouth. (doing the voice) Im bored. Talk to me.
Whatever you want me to tell them.
Hey. The butler's here.
So what do you write, childrens books?
Yeah. Like a farm boy.
You know, I read the Lenny Bruce biography, I thought it was really... interesting. He would-
The buzzer.
Thank you Babu. You have quite a flair. You are quite the restaurateur I must say.
He's been sleeping a lot. He's still groggy.
I know. So why do we need two people in the show that can't act?
Ah, I think he's probably better off.
So when are you goin' out with this girl again?
Oh a slinky.
SHOT! (the sound of a shot on the TV is heard) I told ya! (the inter- com buzzes) Yeah?
Who?
I don't know...
I gotta do some research here.
'Maybe'!?
Well, maybe he's --
I thought it was open to the public.
When did you get tickets to see that?
Aaaahhh...!!!
Yeah.
Son of dad?
Oh, you were pretty loaded.
Have you ever called someone up, and you're disappointed when they answer the phone? You wanted the machine. You know, and you're always kind of thrown off, (left hand up to side of face, pretending its a receiver) you go "Oh, I eh, I - I didn't know you were there, I ah - just wanted to leave a message saying, sorry I missed you."
(Still staring at the woman) Uh-huh.
Well, Clyde might not tell him.
Good meeting?
I'm not really a duck fan, the skin seems sort of human.
Well, its a first visit.
Possibly.
Poppie's
Howard Metro.
(pointing to Elaine) Her father wrote that.
Is that guy still there? (They are side-on to Phil who is in the background, still pressed against the glass, aghast)
What?
Well, I just want you to know I'm there for you. Course now I'm here for you, but when i'm not here for you, i'm there for you.
What happened?
(Mumbling out) Thank you, Bryant.
A bubble?
Don't you know what it means to become an orgy guy? It changes everything. I'd have to dress different. I'd have to act different. I'd have to grow a mustache and get all kinds of robes and lotions and I'd need a new bedspread and new curtains I'd have to get thick carpeting and weirso lighting. I'd have to get new friends. I'd have to get orgy friends. ... Naw, I'm not ready for it.
What does that mean?
Ill have to live with this shame for the rest of my life.
What about my "questionable material"?
You call me fatso one more time; you're going to be walking back.
(Sarcastic) Yeah. I understand Guttenberg used to spend a lot of time in there.
He can't do that.
(walking over the the buzzer to answer it) Oh, that's the Flicks.
Hey, Elaine.
I don't have any change. You've got any change?
Im just saying there's a chance she may not have been enamored with your thoughts and feelings on manure.
See what?
so the woman was walking around in a bra
Plus he probably doesn't even know how to program the buttons.
I know look at this [shows ad]
(putting his finger to Sophie's lips, then to his own, then back to Sopie's) Shh. Shh. Shh. It's not important. What's important is I'm not gonna let a little thing like that ruin what could be a very long-term and meaningful relationship.
No. All you got to do is jiggle it with this screwdriver.
Yeah, yeah all right, well uh ... tell you what I will do Bania -- you give me the ticket, and uh, I will take you out for a nice dinner.
This is really too much.
No, don't stop, Kramer. Keep going, don't let him get away.
You want 'em back?
What's with you two?
All right Thanks. Come on lets go
It didn't take much prodding either, I must say.
Yeahh.
Oh.
And he's calling all these people from High School to come and watch. I knew this day would come. I can't do it. I can't go through with it. I'm calling it off. I can't let the legend die. It's like a kid finding out there's no Santa Claus
It's like trying to smoke a chicken bone.
I don't want to be Murphy anymore; do I still have to be Murphy?
I love you, Costanza.
I mean, it's just a movie, for god's sake.
Gotta go. (heads out on stage)
Oh, you dig?
(still not happy) Uh, alright. (he takes a piece)
Yeah...
Oh, whatever.
Oh, really. (Carl and another moving guy come in and pick up the couch.)
My bet? All right. Ill open with a tuna sandwich.
Thanks.
..What is this?
Alright.
What are you talking about?
What is it?
... if this audit had happened to me and I didn't have this woman to help me I would have killed this man. I would have strangled the life out of him with my bare hands
Hey. Isn't that Elaine?
All right, that's enough of that. (Jerry takes the plates and hands them to a waitress.)
What do you make of it?
You're bringing a date to a party?
Listen, it's really been a pleasure taking care of your dog for a week, but if you don't mind...
(doubtful) There's crepe money?
You went all night?
Ah, yeah.. I know.
... um ...
Well, wha - what does that do? Big deal.
Hi mom. So, what's happening with uncle Leo? Is he paying you?
No.
Well, I changed my mind, I want that number.
Explain to me how this baby shower thing works.
I don't know.
Yeah, she was on his right side. He can't make a move with his left hand. Can't go left.
It.
Well, I guess I gotta go, too.
Aw.. right, code of silence.. how's that going?....Ha!!...
We had that babka.
Oh, what do you think? I found it at the back of my closet.
Just go back and ask him again. (Slams the door on Kramer)
Which flavor?
Oh yeah, well why don?t you Just get lost.
(reading note) Oh my god!
I don't know, opera, it?s not my kind of thing.
Oh, so there's still hope.
Fifty years they were married. Now hes moving to Pheonix.
Hey did you notice they moved where they do the interview on Jeopardy now?
Oh, what about this one? Look at this, this is it! This is what I'm looking for. (Sits on the couch.) Oh, yeah!
You know, if we rush, we can still make the movie.
Come on, its just down the hall.
Well, that's too bad, 'cause I'm takin' it.
Why what happened?
You've got to stop it. Your your all hopped up on the caffein.
Both times I've seen her she's worn the same dress.
Hey, I love a good caper.
What are you gonna do there?
What bet?
Uh, excuse me. I know this is gonna sound crazy but I - I have to have that rye. It's a - it's a long story, but a person's whole future may depend on it.
It's hell. It's the financial equivalent of a complete rectal examination. I would have killed this man. Torn him limb from limb, ripped the flesh right off his bones ...
He stole back the rye?
That doesn't sound right.
That is the guy!
They sell them by the side of the road. Blueberry, Blackberry ....
Well, it's kinda silly, but..
Uh, no, yeah, go right ahead.
Um, yeah...I think my wife and I'll have a little more coffee.
I just wanna call the police!
As soon as is humanly possible.
Alright, he just left. We can go.
He yells and you don't get your soup.
Cant you talk to your boss?
What time is the lesbian wedding?
Well, I uh, maxed out my credit cards, and I don't have enough cash for a hotel room. So...
Nothing. I told him you two were pretty hot and heavy.
No.
Yeah?
I Love you.
You said that?
Yeah.
(still Patting) I hear a voice.
See, we're already off the subject of how I got her number. (Elaine laughs.) All I gotta do is get past the first phone call and I'm home free.
Yeah, . . . seriously.
...So how's Noreen?
Pull over? You can't pull over.
Hi.
So, Winona had the TV Guide. Told you I'd make it up to you.
Hey, speaking of tomato sauce, you want to come with me and George to Mario's Pizza?
Well, what about criminal activity? He's got to be alert.
(deadpan) That must be some book.
Yea alright.
Yeah?
C'mon, c'mon.
Okay, half-hour.
...And it *is* embarrassing, because a doggie bag means either you are out at a restaurant when you aren't hungry, or you've chosen the stupidest possible way to get dog food that there is. How about the doggie bag on a date? That's a good move for a guy, huh? Lemme tell you something if you're a guy and you ask for the doggie bag on a date, you might as well have them just wrap up your genitals too. You're not going to be needing those for awhile, either.
So if the coma victim wakes up in a month, hes thrilled, he got out of the coma. He goes home, theres nothing left?
Why should I have anything for say for myself?
What's that?
(singing) '...let somebody love you. Let somebody love you, before it's too...'
You know, Gary (slams shut the door) I had a little chat with George the other day...
Youre you. Were having lunch with Art Corvelay.
tes, it's very difficult. Few men have the constitution for it. That's why breakups take two or three tries. You gotta build up your immunity.
"That's Jimmy. That's the way he talks."
No! No, you don't! No woods. I love the van. I'm a van guy.
Do you believe the deal we got on this? A big screen TV? At that price?
(hesitatingly) ... no...
That would be good too. The idea is combine the this and the that. But this cannot be disturbed.
You're complaining about a private jet?
Hey. It's you! (pointing) Th..that's my Friars Club jacket!
Look at you, youre still thinking about it. Ill never feel comfortable.
(having an idea) I think I can help you out. I'll see you later.
Oh, were meeting a friend of ours for lunch. He works here in the building.
Yes.
All right. So I tell Sandy that I want to have a mnage  trois with her and her roommate.
Well, if I hear an anguished "oink", I'm outta here. I-I don't see any pig-men. Look (HE POINTS AT PASSERBY) Human, human, human... (HE LOOKS DOWN CORRIDOR, WITH ALARM.) (WITH MOCK ALARM) Wait a second! (Grabs Kramer)
I gotta get to the airport.
You've got to have a story.
Oh, good.
All right then. See? You won't know what you're missing. I've flown first class, Elaine-- I can't go back to coach. I can't... I won't...
Hey, say, you know, we haven't even discussed George's engagement yet.
(Hands him some mail) There you go. Merry Chirstmas!
Ahh! She threw me out.
They did.
Why here?
What do you mean you're in the same class?
How much was it to clean the vest?
Alright, Kramer!
I know, I haven't thrown up since June 29th, 1980.
How do you know THAT?
The fly-boy.
Hey, I called you last night, where were you?
Oh my God! Number one!! Seinfeld, you magnificent bastard!
(to Elaine) And what's with that hairdo, by the way?
No, I'm afraid we'll start talking, and I'll gonna wind up going partners with him.
I'm asking Elaine to marry me.
(Whispering) There's nothing wrong with him. I saw the doctor. He's fine.
That's ridiculous, I want to return it. What's the difference what the reason is.
Uh-huh.
A uh, one of those guys.
Yeah. Alright, I think that's enough for today. (Kramer picks up Little Jerry and takes him to the sink.) Little Jerry is lean, mean, peckin' machine! (Kramer starts filling a pot with water.) What are you doing with that?
She's as good as anybody else.
Interestingly enough, no, inasmuch as it is my paper.
That's alright, I got it.
Easy?
Right, Thursday three o'clock.
Ah, the power lunch crowd.
Hey, what happened to your coat? And what is the smell? Is-ya, What are you drunk?
How ya doing?
Psychics, vacations. How about getting a job?
We were too compatible Our conversations were so engrossing.
Yeah, I'm sure you'll live.
This woman he's dating is making him take this IQ test for this course.
All right come on in. ... Just wait over HERE! Just wait here and I'll get it for you. ... Kramer this is Tia.
Don't they have any closer friends. They're level jumping on our friendship.
Im just saying..Alright.
Boy, you really got it all, I'm sure Helen "Girlie" Brown would be very proud of you.
At the zoo?
Depends on how nice the person was. But you gotta figure, even Oswald took forty-five minutes.
Ask George to go with you.
(TO KRAMER, REBOX) Will you let me help you with that?
You know, like mechanic's pants, a shirt that said 'Tony'. Lemme ask you something, have you ever seen a case like this before?
Tonight.
Yeah.
My grandmother's in the hospital.
Oh don't threaten me, Butcher Boy.
Oh! (hitting George)
But that is not what they would have you believe.
You're kidding?
What are we doing out here? Aren't we going to go in and eat?
You can't fool me. Don't insult me, George because I know when you're happy.
A lot faster than that!
Don't be alarmed.
Did you see the look on that guy's face?
It's a lotta gum!
Oh, I contributed money to a charity that turned out to be fraudulent. It's very boring.
Arent you gonna take it?
Yeah?
This is amazing, you can't believe this!
(impatiently cutting in) Hey Elaine What about the crest.? What d'you think of the crest here.
Uh, this is George. (reaches for her name) Im sorry...
Aww!
Hello. No she's not here. Yes I will tell her. No I don't know what time she might be coming back. Look I gotta' go. Goodbye. . . . That, that's a long story.
Just forget it. Let it go.
I can't believe you blew us off; we were doing you the favor.
Come on, Kramer, seriously, give me her number!
So *wash* *it*.
Is there a box spring?
He doesn't even care if a man answers.
Yeah, I know.
What's that perfume you're wearing?
All right lets go. We'll meet you back down here in ten minutes, hopefully with the money.
I know... I was at the car wash this morning and the guy told me in his 38 years in the business, he's never smelled anything like it.
Hi. Is Phil here?
No, I don't.
Excuse me?
What happened to the muffin?
How about we leave and, come back in a week?
Soon, there's a couple of problems.
Audrey?
I mean, do you think it's possible that he's mad at me because he didn't get the day-after 'thank you'?
Are saying you're banning me from the store?
What? After what you just went through, I thought you said you'd never say it again.
Nothing, what's doing with you?
Just put it.
(To his parents) So? What do you think?
To see a movie.
(dry) I guess the DJ booth was over there behind the bone saw? (really disappointed) Let's get out of here George.
Why would I freak out? (To himself) Pilot...
You know, you could put a fence around these condos, and call it an insane asylum. Nobody would know the difference!
[forcibly removing G. from the apt] Would you get the Hell out of here!
You got a date with Becky Gelke?!
It sounds like an excellent idea.
No move. So, you see, its all part of a divine plan.
Yeah.
There's a hue. She's got great eyebrows, women kill to have her eyebrows.
What?
No, people hate that.
So your saying UNICEF is a scam?
I said yes, but I don't feel right about it. I mean I hardly know the guy. That's a big step oin a relationship. The biggest. That's like going all the way.
No, I don't want. So, just tell me what I owe you for your trouble..
Nice to meet you.
'The ocean called, They're running outta shrimp'?
You know what? It sounds like the friend of Elaine's that was hitting on me in the book store.
You're on fire today.
It's a cigar store Indian. (to Elaine) Read the card.
what's all set?
What is it she think you can't do?
Actually, no.
Elaine!
Yeah.
It has a certain understated stupidity.
Okay, George. Come on, let's go. I'm putting it in a garage. The fight's starting in two minutes.
(pause, to Donna) You know, you might wanna think about changin' your name...
Oh, finding a Mohel is a piece of cake. Any idiot can find a Mohel. I have to hold the baby while they do it. That's a tough job. How would you like that?
Who, criminals?
Hot tub?
Well I'm happy to help, in any way that I can.
(answering, quickly) If you know what happened in the Met game, dont say anything, I taped it, hello. Yeah, no, Im sorry, you have the wrong number. Yeah, no
Good, as a matter of fact. I almost had my own show in Japan.
Yeah, she puts ten dollars in every card for my birthday, that's why I save them.
Really bad meal. I was thinking maybe we should--
No, I just wanted to see what time it was.
Last week on Seinfeld.
No, go ahead. Look at this place. I cant wait to get it cleaned.
uh, well I can't help you there (weakly).
Make sure you get this area here, where he needs the help....
Thank you very much, that's great- >click< Oh! Hold on a sec, I got a call on the other line. >click click< Hello?
No, no, no. We're not getting on there. Come on, let's go get something to eat in Sticksville.
Oh, wait! Jean-Paul, Jean-Paul! Isn't he the guy who overslept at the Olympics 4 years ago and missed the marathon?!
On your mothers life?
(Into phone) How do you figure? (To Kramer) 'Cause you're the one who left the door open.
Oh, I cant. Uh, I have a tendency to get chilly.
Oh, hi. I-I'm Jerry Seinfeld. I'm movin' in. I saw your name on the buzzer - You must be Kessler.
Yeah, well, it won't be long.
The guy with the lizard.
(motions of making out) Well you were involved in some sort of amorous...
You know, my friend told me about this great place in Vermont.
This is the letter she wrote to me, she stole it right from the movie!
Come on Newman. OPEN THE DOOR!
Kramer. (boom sound)
Hey, Joe Mayo. Nice place.
I guess I would.
No deal. Why?
Yeah, he's probably driving it right now.
I dont know. He said hed call back.
Really, thank you.
Yeah, ya know the other day how you mentioned that there were no houses available in Tuscany?
You're pretty comfortable up there eh, Bubble boy?
Hey, how's he doin'?
Have you ever spent any time with these people...?
A half hour, give me a half our.
Did you tell Peterman about this?
(answering phone) Hello? Rachel, ya uh no they're back.
What?
Ok...
Oh, no, not beautiful.
Is this a gym, or some kind of fitness museum?
The, the meeting you blew off?
Standard. Micro.
Yeah, is this Sid Field's residence?
Too romantic.
Big surprise.
Hey wait a second, wait a second. I'm going over to Jeffrey's apartment tomorrow night to pick up these Paul Simon tickets. I'm gonna surprise Amy. All I gotta do is bring her with me. And then when Jeffrey opens the door, it's Howdy Doody time.
Alright.. (Takes his coat off)
Who are you?
Let me in, it's me. (Kramer opens the door, Jerry goes in the dressing room) Here. You don't know what this is costing me. (hands Kramer the ticket)
All day tomorrow? We had a month and a half to come up with something and we didn't do anything.
I cant get involved in this.
Huh?
I know, I know.
Did you bring the keys?
You need a code to tell you not to wear peoples clothes
I'm off the project. (He exits)
All right, she said she couldnt find a decent hotel room...
Oh, right. You can't run for condo president because you were impeached at the other condo.
So, how's the fornicating gourmet?
Will you shut up George.
Well--
Pam!
I told you.
I thought the whole dream of dating a doctor was debunked.
You know, that batter is, like, 30 years old.
What, the grilled cheese? Naaah, they always burn the toast.
Yes. My Uncle Leo was cought shoplifing here the other day..
Elaine?
Ah. Whered you go?
Looks like a swan.
He swore me to secrecy.
(on the phone) Yeah. Yeah. All right. Uh-huh.
Oh very convincing, but it's not gonna work this time.
No, you don't wanna do that. You'll be uncomfortable.
Why outside here?
Oh, well, now you're talking.
(cynical) This is the signal? Thank you, Mr. Signal. Where were you yesterday?
Well I don't know if I ...
Well, we better get goin' if we're gonna go to that uh, seven o'clock cold fusion.
Okay.
I think thats the statue from my house. That looks like the statue from my house!
Well it's probably just easier to say "water cooler show" than "coffee machine show."
You know, I tell ya, I gotta say that I'm enjoying adulthood. For a lot of reasons. And, I'll tell you reason number one as an adult, if I want a cookie, I have a cookie, okay? I have three cookies or four cookies, or eleven cookies if I want. Many times I will intentionally ruin my entire appetite. Just ruin it. And then, I call my mother up right after to tell her that I did it. "Hello, Mom? yeah, I just ruined my entire appetite.. cookies." So what if you ruin.. See, because as an adult, we understand even if you ruin an appetite, there's another appetite coming right behind it. There's no danger in running out of appetites. I've got millions of them, I'll ruin them whenever I want!
He overslept and missed the whole race. Isn't that amazing?
She said what?
(Into phone) So! (To Kramer - getting even more angry) So, the last person in should close the door!
What?
That's a good one. Dentists.
Yes, it is!
No, nonsense. This one's fine. (as he sits on the table)
Elaine, what do you think?
They nailed you on the 20 G's?
How's work going you guys?
Maybe Kramer can come pick us up.
I suppose you think your bombable.
Tan pants. Why do I buy tan pants, Donna? I dont feel comfortable in them.
Still got it.
That has nothing to do with it.
I don't know. Why?
All right Newman, one more peep outta you, you're out of the whole operation!
I don't know, regular human time?
She's the performance artist, right?
Y- you're not playin' golf?
He'll be here any second.
What is going on out there?
Thanks, because I would really like... (distractedly puts coffee cup back on the table)
Gee thanks! Thanks a lot!
Yeah, this quite a life I lead here, huh?
Kinda cool lookin'..
You lost the 20.
He'll dispose of it.
No, no, no. Just hypothetically.
Hey, do you know what the Whip does?
Oh, so what? So you read from a little play. You can't put up with that for an hour to make me happy? You're so selfish. Give me one hour, then I will take over, you will not have to think for the rest of the night.
Well now you know how I feel. (Hangs up)
It was a gift.
(leaving too) Yeah. Yeah.
Thats the bet! That youre not doing it!
Not once.
Ah, Sagman, Bennet, Robbins, Oppenheim and Taft.
Let me take a guess. She cried and you caved.
Alright.
I know, I hated those kids. In fact, I hate anyone that ever had a pony when they were growing up.
You got your shirt in my oven!?!
Can I - can I at least just talk to her so I can apologize? Forget it. (Hangs up) I can't believe this, I make one innocent comment, about some lunatic in Pennsylvania and I'm cut off. This woman is insane. (Looks at Elaine for a moment) What's with you?
I don't know why I have to go to the hospital. I didn't do anything to Bette Midler. Driver can you stop over here, we're picking somebody up.
Open the package Leo.
That's a lot of skin.
Yeah.
Well, I thought it's about time we put aside all this silliness. I know now you didn't put anything in my toilet bowl. (pause) Did you?
What's wrong?
It's not that hard.
So call now.
I'm gonna mentor this kid to the top.
It's been three days and he hasn't called.
It's kinda old, isn't it?
Oh, I said something about dentists and it got blown all out of proportion.
Can he communicate?
All right, sir. (He tosses Elaine his keys. The apartment buzzer goes off; Jerry presses the first button; to the intercom) George?
Yes.
So, is there any way out of this Elaine thing?
Oh, no?
Good shake. Perfect shake. Single pump, not too hard, you know, doesn't have to prove anything, but, you know, firm enough to know he was there.
And you are?
Can I have a piece of that?
Absolutely. Let's just stick around.
(Smiling, like a salesman) All right. Now, what do I have to do to put you two in a relationship today?
Whatever it costs. In fact, I would prefer it if the machines are not even touching each other. Because something could, you know, jump across.
(Showing difference) It's apples and oranges..
(rueful acceptance) Oh, yeah, I understand.
Boy, I tell ya', knowing you is like going out in the jungle. I never know what I'm going to find next, and I'm real scared.
Oh, I'm sure it's fine.
Sure, we can do something next week.
Nah, I don't wanna go.
No I can't.
The amazing thing is you never have any place to go.
No.
I love crampbark.
(Slightly confused by her behavior) I don't understand this. Why wouldn't you want to get something that's better if I'm telling you it's better? And it's not a little better - it's much better.
No I wasn't there. (enters and slams the door)
Is it so horrible to have to keep a book?
How was your first day?
Excuse me?
It is a good idea, Elaine.
You've been the bad employee, the bad son, the bad friend...
He doesn't work here anymore.
(Once again, the audience hears his thoughts) I'm so car sick. I'm gonna vomit!
How up to date?
Actually, I was thinking of donating a large portion of it to charity.
Thank you.
How about this? . . . Finish this thing up today!
Not the gown again.
What's the matter, fella? You look a little tired. Ha ha ha ha ha!
Another friend?
All right, so I had wooden teeth, so what?
Do you want to go with him? You go. I dont mind.
Why's he dating a Pepsi? They're not having children.
Well, go in there and talk to her. She's not going to put em on the glass.
Mugged?
You don't even know what a write off is.
Who?
Look, you idiot, first of all, it's Salman, not salmon!
Yeah.
Why not? The voice? The calves? The bacon?
Hi.
Not the Croat, the lineswoman. That is the most beautiful lineswoman I've ever seen.
Don't be like that, Mary. C'mon, I made a mistake!
That's the understudy. I'm dating her.
Ok. Uh
He was in Chicago, the flight was overbooked, wouldn't let him on the plane. He kept screaming how he had to get to Madison Square Garden.
Hi, how are you doing? Nice to see you all here. Hello.
I want that rye lady.
Ah...catalog writer's block?
Yes?
oh you're crazy
How are these your socks?!
They've tried to fix it. But it keeps coming back the same.
But I can't help thinking that maybe there's someone in your life who deserves it more. Someone you've known, you know, more than a week.
Wasn't that kind of important?
(CONT'D) Hmmm...I thought it was...
Yeah.
Kramer.
You didn't like that crack about the pen.
Elaines thing? How you gonna get in?
Listen...tonight, after we finish eating, you make like you got something else to do and just "recede into the night," if you know what I mean.
George's father.
Yeah, too bad.
So do you remember five years ago, we did that pilot, "Jerry"? Well, the new guy at NBC wants to do it. They're putting it on the air! They're giving us a 13-episode commitment. George and I are moving to California!
Really? Then maybe you'd like to have a piece?
So go to a fertility clinic. Have your sperm count checked.
All right I'll talk to her. If you want to be a ball man go ahead, break the ball barrier. (Elaine drinks straight out of the orange juice container) Hey.
Oh, Mattingly just singled .
Right. Well if you need an extra set of hands, I know who you can call--
He was good in Man From Uncle.
All right!
(Nauseated at the saying) Would you please stop saying that?!
As a matter of fact, I happen to have a protg of my own.
It's one stupid thing after another. So let me ask you, when you come to one of these places, what do you bring your pocketbook?
I used to be able to have a huge meal and go right to sleep. But I can't anymore.
But they not you arent handicapped, arent you ashamed?
What you got, a pair of bullets?
"Well...........you know....."
I'm gonna find out tonight.
No body said youre fat. Hes a loving character, like the Kool-ade guy.
I got to pay this Todd Gack guy $300 bucks just so he has some excuse to see Elaine again without asking her out.
He can't hear us.
Hey, how's the anti-mail campaign going?
Yeah. Really. (Forming and idea) Hey, you know what? Maybe I could talk about that on the show.
It's an act of total disregard. It's selfish.
I don't want to stop her!
Maybe I'll chain her to the refrigerator an' sell tickets.
Ohh boy. Well, I gotta meet Elaine and run some errands. So.. (Goes for his coat)
Living or all time?
Yknow Im sorry you had to leave so early the other night.
He's kind of tied up here.
(with a wild expression) Hey, Kramer! I dug Fredo up, now let's cut him open!
Let's not even analyze it.
Yeah, you in?
Clean as a whistle.
Really? You should be ashamed of yourself. I want you out of here! (MARTIN enters the hall) How ya doing?
What do you say to a person like you?
Am I supposed to ruin the whole night because she wants to see it? I mean, if I could have seen it with her, fine. But I can't control all these circumstances and schedules and peoples' availabilities at movies.
What do you recommend besides the steak?
I thought youd be upset.
Gwen. Gwen, wait! Ah! (runs back to his seat) Bad lighting on the porch.
Ooow, that was close.
Isn't that what Jack Ruby said?
Oh, help me, Rhonda.
Well, I think the whole thing stinks.
All right. Let's go down to the yogurt store, and we'll get a specimen.
What do I gotta call him for? I thanked him five times when he gave them to me, how many time I gotta thank him?
(standing) How much d'you want for it?
Hello, Newman!
No, no this woman is different , she's incredible. she's just like me. She talks like me, she acts like me. She even ordered cereal at a restaurant. We even have the same initials. Wait a minute, I just realised what's going on.
"Slow it down"?
That's no good. He wouldn't last ten minutes in there. Anyway what can I do, I promised I'd go visit him tomorrow. It's his birthday. I can't go to the cabin.
But, I - I didn't know what she was talking about. I couldn't hear her!
When did this happen?
What are you doing?
Are we going to be sitting here when we're sixty like two idiots?
I met her on an elevator.
You know, the Maestro.
No, never.
We'll eat it in the movie.
Yeah. That's right. You got a problem?
All right, just get out of here.
I know you will.
You just had one yesterday. What do you need another one for?
And yet he continues to live.
I don't feel so good.
Yeah, we straightened it out, all is forgiven.
I... uh....promised Nikki that I'd walk her dog for her.
Hey
Yeah. Howd ya do that?
Yeah all right.
Oh, quit complaining. At least you have your health.
Lloyd?
Why are you doing this?
That's because you're stupid enough to wear the cologne.
Hello, Newman. What gives?
Well I've been going with him for 12 years. I can't switch. I'd hurt his feelings.
So this ah, woman you plan on hiring, is she going to be in the Spokes model category?
Tell him you think you may have broken the case wide open.
I mean, Bozo the Clown...I mean does he really need "the clown" in his title, as clown? Bozo, "the" clown? Are we going to confuse him with Bozo the district attorney? Bozo the pope? There's no other Bozo...
What is that? (Points to Kramer's pocket as Meryl comes back.)
(Losing it, mad) Look, it's not my shirt.
Oh... oh... wanna get some pizza?
What is the matter with you?
I have no idea.
Youre a cashier!
Oh, thanks.
Got it. (but now a man-hand grabs his arm) Uh!
You satisfied? So you see?
Hey--hey--hey--wait, wait, wait, wait! What happened!
Really? What would you do?
What does that mean, good dip?
So I wound up going out for a decaf cappuccino with her.
Hey.
I, dont see it happening.
No.
Hello.
C'mon up.
How do you account for this?
Hi Elaine.
(Pats George on the back) Nice going. Thank you, that ought to get us a free dessert.. (They can see the manager chewing the busboy out from the dining room doorway) I think the busboy's in trouble.
We're talkin' federal crime here.
Actually, I'm drunk.
No it's true. This woman saved my life. I was crossing the street .I was almost hit by a car...and then we talked and.......the whole thing just seemed like a dream.
What is this?
No.
(Still ticked off) That woman is such an idiot! I was gonna do this whole bit on that bottle - and now I got nothing to talk about.
Well...
Alright!
"What the hell's going on over there?"
Kramer.
Yes it is. I got it as a gift, it's a Label Baby Junior.
Aw, c'mon, you love that car. What about the Northstar system?
Boy, he took it hard.
The walking date is a good date. You don't have to look right at the other -person.
She couldn't make it.
You don't wanna get married?
Yeah, that's part of it. (sniffs) Kasha?
Why? What happened?
Hey, can I have my dollar back?
You're lucky they let you drive a car.
Just give me some idea of what you think it could be.
(pressing intercom) yeah?
Well, there goes the money for the lipo.
What do you mean?
I can't ... I can't
Well it looks like you've adjusted to the boxers...
He repeated the name of the gift?
Why, what's wrong? (he grabs her hands and force her to keep them on his shoulders)
We could get him anything we wanted, we're chippin' in.
(to the door) Yeah?
Good for you
Isn't that some kind of safety thing?
Good! Don't! Are these my keys?
Would you let go of my arm?! I'm trying to drive, you're getting us both killed!
I have an instinct for these things.
Ok.
Obviously. So what am I supposed to wear?
Mammal.
Really?
I guess it would be nice if you called all the ticket holders if the game was going to be rained out.
Kramer, you're fighting children?!
(about the cable guy) Nice people.
(Pointing) Hey, there's Leo.
What the hell are you talking about?
It's an entire industry of bad gifts, aren't they? All those executive gifts, any stupid, goofy, brass, wood thing, they put a piece of green felt on the bottom. "It's a golf, desk, tie and stress organiser, dad." But to me, nothing compares with the paperweight as a bad gift. There's no better way than a paperweight, to express to someone that, "I refuse to put any thought into this at all." Where are these people working that the papers are just blowing right off of their desks? What, are their desks screwed to the back of a flat-bed truck going down the highway or something? What, are they typing up in the crow's nest of a clipper ship? What do you need a paperweight for?
(Mesmerized) What are you, a scientist?!
Hey Barry, how you doing?
You promise you'll never come in here again?
Boy, do you smell something?
If he says he doesn't want it to be a show about nothing, don't go nuts.
I want to!
Can I get anybody anything?
Listen, I wouldn't put too much stock into what Elaine has to say about relationships. She comes from a broken home, and I mean that literally. A tree fell on her roof and cracked the whole structure. Her parents got along beautifully, but her house was in bad shape.
C'mon, you're lucky to have anybody.
Did you give blood?
(Casually buttering a roll, like he's the innocent one) I didn't say anything.
Yeah. Because she threw out my napkin.
I think that would be a very nice gesture.
Ok, I'll see ya.
All right. What are you, outta your mind? Look at this. What did you buy here? You will never be able to finish all this stuff.
There was no mistaking it?
Where are your clothes?
I can't She won't return my calls because she caught me in a pick at a light.
Yeah, that's true...
Um, do you want to do this now, or do you want to wait until we get in the car?
All right, you guys listen, I've got to wait here for Elaine, I'll meet you in front of the theatre.
So there you are. You've got a nice girl and a clean apartment.
Have we even been in public?
He asked me if I was doing anything Friday night.
But, when did I do that?
If it was six I could have let you go, but seven, I'm afraid, is over the limit. Unless, of course, there was no sex.
Oh, no, no.
Like what?
Sure.
Yeah...
All right. That's it, I can't work like this.
Why?
The old yogurt was so much better. Oh, this is terrible.
All set. I can't believe I'm going dancing.
What are you talking about?
Yeah. They're having a little fling so don't say anything.
(looking ahead) Yeah, there she is. Uh-oh.
(noticing Alec Berg walk in, whispers) Hey, Alec!
All right lets go.
Disgusting?
There's no Zorn or Zoutraph.
The murderers! (Jerry unlocks his door and they both run inside.)
No, no this is more important.
With the smelling.
Kramer!
Yeah, they're in the kitchen. . . . okay, quite! What's going on?
Religion, my friend, thats what happened to me. Because, I have just been informed that its going to cost Elaine the sum of five thousand dollars to get the apartment upstairs.
So, anyone sweaty comes into your house has to be offered a drink?
Beautiful.
She came down from Juno by sleigh, she was in the Iditarod. Got to the finish line, just kept going. She's got the dogs with her in the hotel room.
I've never seen him in Manhattan before; it's weird. So out of context.
No the stools go over there.
O.k., good, I'll see you later. (Kramer and Toby are about to exit. She turns around and clutches Kramer's jacket.)
So you want to take a ride with me out to Jersey? I'm gonna try to sell the van to a lot.
I sit here for twenty lousy minutes in the morning--
That's right sister. Why don't you just give up?
Here we go.
So, maybe they had Chinese food?
The pick?
(resigned) At least it's show business..
Try Elaine.
No, its okay now, that, that girl is not comin. Uh, I misread the whole thing.
It's a must lie situation.
Oh, please.
So, coffee shop?
It *can't* be. Nobody has B.O. like this.
...he never heard of corduroy!
Just a quick sidebar here -- are you in anyway authorized to give raises?
Actually, that's the definition of selfish.
Look, my friend saw you.
Well, Kramer told us all about your business venture together.
You look like a pirate.
That's nice of you to say.
Ya, I could see that.
Good.
So, this morning I go down to the garage to check the car out. I figure by this time, the odour molecules have had at least twelve hours to de-smellify. I open the car door, like a *punch* in the *face*, the stench hits me-- it's almost as if it had *gained* strength throughout the night...
Yeah.
Uh-huh..
there are no copies.
Frankly I am shocked that you would ask such a question (Elaine sticking out her tongue like she isn't buying a word of it) of me, that you would think - the only surprise is how you could even think of that. That's what you were seeing.
What's with you?
Boy, the resemblance is uncanny.
Poppy seeds!
Woah. (hitting George)
I can't. I'm meeting Kramer down at my mini-storage.
(Shaking his head no) Pff.
That's it, that's it. You like having this over me, you don't want me to do it.
Yeah, hes nuts. You wanta bump off a couple of cats. (Enter Kramer, holding a paper up to Jerry.) I know, I know. Its down again.
Youre still thinking about this?
DeSoto? What did he do?
I just hope that whole pony incident didnt put a damper on the trip.
You don't. He's a recovering alcoholic.
So, I guess you dont find the separate faucets for the hot and cold, charming?
Wow, what happened?
Yeah.
Well, we'll go see something else tonight. We'll see, uh, Ponce De Leon.
(beginning to cough and struggle) Getting weak... Losing power... You haven't seen the last of me. I'll be back. You're nothing without me. Nothing!
Well why are you going?
Yes, I do. (very serious)
Why?
No.
I have no idea.
So what are you doing now?
The same, he sent it as a thank you for my Super Bowl tickets.
Kramer, maybe this relationship isn't for you.
I think what he's trying to say is, "get the bouilla-base." (George nods 'yes' and continues to choke.)
Oh. No. What, you mean because of the "Chang"?
It's just hair.
(Shocked) You're telling me.
I know that, Kramer.
Paul again?
Yeah, Friday's okay.
I'm blown away.
Alright, that's it.. (Grabs Kramer, trying to pull him out of the car)
Yeah. I want that coat. (Jerry opens his wallet, looking for the dry-cleaning ticket)
Come on up.
I don't know if I'd feel comfortable handing out bologna sandwiches in the building..
Because its complicated. Theres some tension there.
Should I get it? I hate these moments. Im hearing the dual voices now, you know, What about the money? Whats money?
Alright.. Sixty-fifth and Tenth.
(Waving good bye) We'll see ya.
How about 'Mickey'?
I really wanna...
Well, nobody sees the... cover.
What's up?
(astonished) Oh god! What happened to you?!
I don't like this Kramer. Will it be much longer?
Hey You're staying with my friend George.
Hey, did you ever get to talk to Noreen?
(animated) Oh, is that what this is all about?! I bounce a cheque and you sold a Cadillac?!
So, she didn't appreciate the erotic qualities of the salted cured meats?
(answering) Yeah, hello...yes...yes, she is, hold on. (to Laura) Um, its for you.
(long pause).......Sure. ( humms a song then stares at the toothbrush)
Sorry.
I was ready to get jiggy with it.
Right, anyone who uses dental tape is an idiot.
Oh, you know what?
Did you shake it up?
I've got a tape of 'Fantastic voyage' if you think that would help.
Yeah, I got some family backstage. Course my family's nuts; they're crazy. Yep. My uncle Leo, (quick take of Uncle Leo in bet with Lydia, watching Jerry on TV. Lydia is laughing, Leo is not) I had lunch with him the other day, he's one of these guys that anything goes wrong in life, he blames it on anti-Semitism. You know what I mean, the spaghetti's not al dente? Cook's an anti-Semite. Loses a bet on a horse. Secretariat? Anti-Semitic. Doesn't get a good seat at the temple. Rabbi? Anti-Semite.
I know what this is. You saw that show on PBS last night, Coronary Country. (To Elaine) I saw it in the TV Guide. I called him and told him to make sure and not watch it.
I don't know why we didn't think of this before. We just could call TV Guide.
Why do people always say that? I hate everyone, why would I like him?
Susan!
Well I got a complaint. This cartoon stinks.
(Making nothing of it) So? Who cares about that?
Im Jerry, Elaines friend, and this is George.
Yeah!!!
You're a shmoopy!
You gotta at least wait until she gets another job.
I think Chemical Bank.
Good work Kramer, this is incredible.
(finishing) The commotion also delayed production of a Woody Allen movie that was shooting up the block. A spokeswoman for the legendary filmmaker said that Mr. Allen was extremely agitated and wondered if his days of shooting movies in New York were over.
What are you doing here?
Yeah, I think it is. (They walk toward the man. Jerry hesitates.) Wheres Elaine?
Filthy pigs.
Listen, George is going home with this Ava from his office
Alright.
Kramer!
Well, I'd have to be Superman to do that Lois.
No. Would you just get out?
Right, right. Okay. (Writing) Elaine enters.
Hello?
Other drivers?
Sit down! Sit down!
Yeah, I wrote some jokes to the show and they gave me two tickets.
We couldn't carry on a conversation. I kept trying to picture her naked, she kept trying to not picture me naked.
I really don't wear the kind of shoes that have to be cobbled.
What do I say if he picks up?
You told Nana to drop dead?!
Ah, excuse me, I'm looking for a Mr. Giggio.
Why did you tell this crazy guy that Kramer didn't invite him to his party?
Well, Guatamala...
What?
(Jerry scratches his head and acts like he's not sure what she's talking about) What?
Ask him to repeat it. Tell him there was an echo in there.
Well, that's it! Tonight's the night. I'm getting one. No "if and's or but's".
Hello?
With a gentleman caller?
Hey, what happened? Did you get your racquet?
Guarantee? ..Hey, it's a car.
Yes. Very bad. Very, very bad.
Yeah, killed. Because I killed first and warmed up the crowd. He's like that fish that attaches himself to the shark.
Oh, whos gonna know?
So George and I went up to NBC and we told them the idea for a series now we're just waiting to sign the contract.
Alright, come on. Who wants to watch the fight?
No.
Hey, you know I'm on the phone with the police! Some guy just gave me a wise answer. Ask that woman.
Here we go.
Wait a second, that's your last marble rye?
What are you saying?
Elaine, I paid two hundred dollars for this racquet, because he said it's the only one he plays with. He could've played just as well with a log.
Game over.
Don't push me.
How long did that last?
(After seeing how much his parents like her) Now, I'm not so sure.
By the time I'm through with her mouth, she'll be able to eat off it. Is it safe to drink bleach if you dilute it?
That guy! (Pointing at George) Swarm! Swarm!
No, no, no, it's... "She's not really dead if we find a way to remember her."
Hey, is that my maple syrup? Oh, ya. (Kramer hands it over.)
You get out of here!
Anyway, I don't need your help. (Turns to leave.)
Hey, Tim.
Yes, it is. It is surprising. Does that bother you?
Kramer! (tries to hide he's upset and jealous)
Assman?
Really?
All right. Elaine, David, I believe we have a deal here in principle Arbys no more than once a month. And in exchange, Elaine comes to your softball game, and doesnt read a book.
Where are we?
So lemme get this straight you find yourself in the kitchen. You see an clair, in the receptacle. And you think to yourself, "What the hell, I'll just eat some trash."
I love Yoo Hoo.
Alright. (They tear the pages out of their notepads. Kramer enters.)
Come on up. . . . I never heard of this. Youve got to fast for three days to take an ulcer test. How you gonna do that?
You tell me.
I was terrible.
Well, so what's the difference?
Where did you see that? Those are private!!!
Oh, my god!
So, he's definitely married, huh?
And you can do everything with it. You can get e-mail, fax, there's a calculator.
Oh, oh.?
Yes. I do. You show me where there's a can opener in that drawer. (Answers the phone.) Hello! I'm sorry, I'm just fighting with my wife.
Oh God, you're that girl in the coffee shop that was eavesdropping on us. I *knew* you looked familiar!
Strange. Even not showing up at the taping...
Well...
And the guy never knows?
Me?
You just said 'Yo-yo Ma'.
Hey!
We'll pull up another chair.
Well, we thought she was meeting you earlier. Shes usually pretty punctual. Dont you find that, George?
Yeah.
Great? Where do you get great?
A relationship is an organism. You created this thing and then you starved it so it turned against you. Same thing happened in The Blob.
Sorry, sorry I'm late.
How do you know?
Alright.
(Angered) Hello.. Newman.
Yeah. Sometimes he really makes me tense (he takes Jody's hand and put it on his shoulder)
Pretty good, wasn'it? I told you you should've tasted it.
Do I really have to explain why?
I can't just keep bringing her to the coffee shop. I mean, what if things, you know, progress?
I tried putting her hands there (on his neck) but she pulls it away immediately, she's not into it.
Right you are.
But of course, we'd have to figure out a way to avoid the things that cause the little problems. Maybe some rules or something.
(very disinterested) Hum... ok, what else you got?
Yes, I pick it up.
We've been breaking up for 10 hours?
(to the Drake) So it was a good party, huh? Oh... you're welcome, you're welcome... (to Elaine) They loved the TV, *loved* it!
(sits up in bed) Oh what...
Oh don't worry, you'll crack. Cracking's inevitable, first you crack then you chuckle. That was the motto with the Russians at the Caesar Leningrad... first you crack then you chuckle. (Fulton looks at him not amused) You know because Leningrad when the Nazis attacked, it wasn't a very happy time... because of the war, famine, plus it was cold, very cold... they were eating each other. (Nervous under the pressure; Fulton not finding anything Jerry is saying funny) Maybe this isn't a good time for a visit.
Hey, I wonder if they have a picture of my rash in here.
Did you look at look at this picture carefully?
(to waiter) Ill have a cranberry juice with two limes.
See ya'.
Who thinks you're smart?
Doesn't matter, This is it. This completes the transaction.
I got isobutane-20.
What are you doing?!
this is Jane Elaine
Why, because you picked out the poision envelopes? That's silly.
Bania?
Ya.
So, he's a writer.
Yeah, yeah. I forgot all about it. Alright, it's no big deal. We'll just go back to your place.
Well, what does he do?
How am I gonna do that?
Hey, uncle Leo.
Nude backgammon with swimsuit models!
(continuing unphased) You wanna get the other end, cause I wanna get it in the hall.
(Out of it) Yeah, good morning.
Quone?
It's your Christmas present.
No, Katie, don't-- (He hangs up phone)
George, I am loving this no wallet thing.
Or he's a crime fighter safeguarding his secret identity! Elaine, you could be dating the Green Lantern!
Kramer, you know, I--
Uh, listen. I decided I can't kiss hello anymore. I'm sorry. It's nothing personal....
What about this? This is blood isn't it?!
But in the circus you get to ride around in the train, see the whole planet!
What's wrong with pal? Why is everyone so down on pal? (Kramer enters with present)
Oh, no, it's Kenny. Slide out so he can't sit down. (George & Jerry each slide to the end of their booth seats)
Well, you're the big look expert. I wanna see how smart you are.
(Disgusted. To the woman) Oh, come on. You know he's a postman, don't ya?
Then who?
What has this guy got a personal vendetta with me?! What'd I do to him? 'Cos I asked him about the Knicks?
Not even on the book jacket?
So lemme ask you this how long would you say I have to put in now because of, you know, last night.
So what? You can't meet anybody. You're going on with Susan.
Hey, Steve. How you doing?
Did you tell him I was sorry I didn't offer him the drink?
Yeah! You're a woman! Men don't hit a woman!
Aaaaahhh...!!!
Kramer, I know what I'm talking about. There's no way FDR wants you to drop dead.
Hey. What are you doing?
I told you I'd lend you the money for the rent.
Well, she is a woman.
hi Elaine
I'll try and de-sour.
So Clare sure looked real funny covered in oil like that (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o I got beamed with a giant ball of oil
Spending the night. Optional.
No, actually I was just gonna...
(muffled) Would you like something to drink?
Wait a second. Wait a second. You're right. I had both of them.
You want Little Jerry to take a dive?
Would you stop?
I could read the sports section if my hair was on fire.
(spits the nut) OooH!!! You. you ate these? You sucked on these and put them on the plate?
Hey, what's happenin.'
Leave it. What about your back?
You said this to her after.
(on phone) But officer, he threatened me! I don't understand, that?s not right! What if it was the President of the United States I bet you'd investigate. So what?s the difference, I?m a comedian of the United States, and I?ll tell you I?m under just as much pressure. Alright, thanks anyway, ok bye.
Oh, no thanks.
Lippman?
Well, You can't go in there it's like a gas chamber in there.
I cant believe Im gonna do this. (Jerry opens the door and exits the dressing room. He walks over to Bania)
Really?
. . . YOU went out with . . . Newman?
So write a letter.. move to another...move to Staten Island., 'lot easier to blend in a sea of people in Staten Island than China believe me.
You making that up or do you know what you're talking about?
Yeah, so?
(Relating) Like the Batman villain?
Hold it, hold it! You're right, I'm not ready for this. (The door buzzer sounds, Jerry answers it.) Yeah?
You're breaking up?
Somebody remember where we parked.
Cup of tea with lemon.
Frankly I'm surprised you're so litigious.
Kramer, Kramer, wait a minute, what the hell is that?
You mean what you were wearing?
Exactly
So you want to go out in a final blaze of incompetence?
What happened?
Ugh. So you were saying there was this problem.
No openings in arson?
Hi Cosmo.
..Well, as I was saying, I would play myself, and, as a comedian, living in New York, I have a friend, a neighbor, and an ex-girlfriend, which is all true.
Mr. Fields, I'm here to spend some time with you.
That is just shameless, I don't know, There's no--
Nah, you're crazy anyway.
It was a mix-up, I'm sure.
So uh, what do you think?
What are you doing?
They're making these?
You know I think when you name a baby Jeeves, you've pretty much mapped out his future, wouldn't you say? Not much chance is gonna be a hitman I think after that. (with a British accent) "Terribly sorry Sir, but I'm going to have to whack you".
Hey!
Dad!
I'm just glad it's outta here. (Elaine exhales deeply - getting over the scare of the doll. She moves into the apartment) What's that? (Pointing to a rolled up poster Elaine is carrying)
Bomb threat.
Okay, let's go. (George shuts the television off, ready to work)
I dont know, I don't feel so good.
You were watchin'? Where?
Oh friendship... friendship, shmanship .
Well this way I figure you can go out and get yourself whatever you want. No good?
(pause as he realizes) Oh, no.
it can't be
Shut up, you old bag!
Why can't I?
Oh hi Alex.
She thinks youre a guy that doesnt like coffee.
But is this an emergency?
You're going on Regis and Kathy Lee?
You two know each other?
It was an accident.
That was July 4th!
Come on Sitarides, cop to it. What brand of perverted science do you practice?
Because a real Wizard's two hundred dollars.
Yeah have a couple of pieces, weak, weak gum yeah
I'll tell you, the sex... I mean, I was like an animal. I mean it was just completely uninhibited.
Okay. I'll get it. (Goes into the bedroom.)
Yeah, I blamed it on you. Hi Tim.
My car's in the shop.
Hey.
No,no I tought the show was terrific. I was just wondering if you have to keep saying Jerry Seinfeld is the devil.
No. I haven't seen four women like this together outside of a Russ Meyer film.
If we ever had a problem with Elaine, we could bring in Nina and not lose a step.
Hey. How'd it go with Gary?
Yeah who?
On your knees, Ajax, hands scrubbin', the whole deal?
Oh, sorry.
What does that mean?
What's the rope for?
(stopping them) We better not. (they make out some more; then stop) T-They're gonna be here any second.
(angry) Oh, you idiots!
(bewildered) Four-thirty? Who eats dinner at four-thirty?
I told you to have breakfast, you should've had breakfast!
No.. you?
Good, going good (scratches chin) And the higher up on the face you go the worse the relationship is getting. You know it is like - pretty good - not bad - I gotta get out. (scratches chin, nose then covers eyes with hands)
But in a way, I think I inadvertantly turned this guy into an alcoholic. I hate being around alcoholics because they're either telling you how much they love you or how much they hate you. And those are the two statements that scare me the most. But I think he's okay now because I have no idea how he feels about me. He's finally off the wagon.
Where do you suppose that could've come from?
So, that's your poker face.
What are they for?
They were mailboxes, you idiot. I didn't have the heart to tell you.
Im getting a little uncomfortable with the Hitler stuff. (his other line beeps) Im getting another call, see ya(answers call) Hello!
Drakes Coffee Cake
I don't know. It must be love.
Why not?
There's nothing subtle about that.
Excuse me... we've been waiting here. Now, I KNOW we were ahead of that guy, he just came in.
I thought maybe you'd clean it up, or your maid, there.
What kind of person is this? There's only one other person who might be able to do something like this, and that's you.
So, you would date a married guy? That's so hacky.
(Joking around) Hey, didn't I beat you up in the fourth grade?
Then what'd you come down here for?
How did you lock your keys in the car?
Why are you doing this?
I can't buy mangos and plantains?
Really?
Nothing. (Elaine grabs Jerry's sandwich and is about to take a bite.) Hey, where you goin' with that? Gimme that. (Takes back the sandwich.)
Im going out. (he comes out of the dressing room, while Kramer remains inside)
For how long?
I don't know him. I know who he is.
(Knocking on Kramer's door) Anytown, U.S.A. Hello? Is Kramer home? Oh, hey.
What the hell are you doing there?
Hey Kramer what do you think of this shirt?
What?
Even if you're not gonna soap up, at least pretend for my benefit. Turn the water on, do something.
Whats the rent?
yeah stinks, terrible
So, you're just taking off from work?
What? Why? What happened?
Oh... Why Fusilli?
Yeah.
I am a little freaked out!
Oh, I'm paying for breakfast?
Exactly. You're not a psycho. You've been very helpful. Thank you very much. Allow me to leave the tip. (sits back with Elaine and Kramer) Well, I think we proven who the psycho is.
I think you said driver.
Well, Poppie's a little sloppy.
Yeah, that girl I was gonna call for a date, she was unlisted...and now here's her number.
They're musicians. That's not a joke.
George, you need a medical doctor.
Can you believe it?!
Right.
Hey, it happens.
Oh, so am I . Uh, how's Duncan?
I'm gonna grab a can of balls.
They said they were interested in me.
Yeah, I'm wanting to get married *real* soon...
Yeah. (picks up Nina's painting George bought) And by the way, can you get this thing outta my house?
Well maybe I was a little embarrassed.
Good, good, we've got a lot of ideas.
About what?
Like Dwight and Mamie Eisenhower.
Hang on.
Well, I'm sure I meant to call.. I probably just lost your..
Hey, I had the show of my life last night. I ad-libbed like ten new minutes.
(to intercom) Yeah?
Oh, beautiful did he like them?
Must I?
So, we're, uh, foolin' around there.. you know, it's getting a little passionate.. (Scoots closer to George, to prevent others from hearing) and, uh, she starts with the dirty talking.
I don't know, I'm not really in the mood.
What for?
Get off of me.
Come on, let's do it, I think they'll really get along.
A real human rights nut, huh?
You know Newman , the thing about fleas is that they irritate the skin and they start to...itch. Oh! maybe you can hold out five seconds or ten, maybe fifteen or twenty but after a while, no matter how much will power a person may have. It won't matter, because they're crawling , crawling on your skin. Up your legs , up your spine , up your back.....
I'll tell ya what, I'll bring it over. I'll stop by Schnitzer's, I'll come by five after seven right after they leave.
Hey, what is going on over there?
Thanks, it's a breakaway.
Hey Sid, what happened?
Yeah?
No, It's Susan Ross's old college roommate; she moved to New York a few years ago . she's trying to become an actress.
He knows?
How could she say that on TV?.. And how did she get a cable special . I 've never gotten a cable special.....well that's it I'm not giving her any more material. We are incommunicado. (to the silent Kramer on the couch beside him) ...Exactly.
Mmmmmm!
(Taking out his checkbook) No, I insist. I was the one who encouraged you to fire her - the whole thing was all my-
He did?
Well you gotta call your parents.
Yes.
You've been hiding her from us. you must really like her?
How does that reflect me?
Swimming?
Yeah, but you're blind as a bat!
What smell?
So, the show would be about my real life. And one of the characters would be based on you.
Oh, okay..
Let us pray.
Somehow? You've had an hour and twenty minutes sleep in three days!
What did she say?
Yeah.
Ah. I'm watching my height. My doctor doesn't want me to get any taller. So you're Miss, uh...
Tonight?
No, I'm being as superficial as I possibly can!
Musicians. Get a real job.
Well, so what should we do?
Wait a minute! (A manic chase scene ensues, with Jerry chasing Newman from one end of the building to the other. Jerry finally catches up with him in the hallway on another floor.)
Did he call you last night?
You stink. You know you stink. What is this?
Get outta here.
Wait, you left the lock open or the door open?
Plus Im wearing short sleeves, I dont want to expose my tattoos. (Vanessa smiles; thinking) Shes unbelievable!
(Sarcastic) Thanks for the tip.
No. No Suze.
Drawer.
Are there golf clubs in the back?
Why?
I don't know.
I want this baby fully loaded. (listens) Well, how soon can you get it there? (listens) Oh, that's terrific. (listens) Okay, thanks, bye.
You didnt call no interference!
Right, we'll John Mollika is organizing some kind of intervention for him. We're having it here.
Sophie.
George, I don't know if that is such a good idea?
Pretty good. I think she might be the one.
Yep, she's not gonna be back for a month, but I got six hours.
I told you!
Yeah.
The bad fianc&Mac226;, the bad dinner guest, the bad credit risk...
I bet this is from that kick from that crazy Joe Davola. You better see a doctor and get some X-rays.
Too domestic.
Listen M. Klompus, it was really a nice gesture of you to give me the pen, but I don't really need it.
Yes it will, now give me those keys!
(advancing on Gary) ...and he told me that that... (becomes indistinct)
I had a parakeet when I was a kid, that was the only pet that I really enjoyed. We used to let him out of his cage, and he would fly around and my mother had built, one entire wall of our living room was mirrored. She felt this gives you a feeling of space. Have you ever heard this interior design principle that a mirror makes it seem like you have an entire other room? What kind of a jerk walks up to a mirror and goes, "Hey look, there's a whole nother room in there. There's a guy in there looks just like me." But the parakeet will fall for this, you'll let him out of his cage, he flies around the room, BANG! With his little head, he would just go 'click' Ohh! And I'd always think, even if he thinks the mirror is another room, why doesn't he at least try to avoid hitting the other parakeet?
But if we did that, we might feel a certain obligation to call.
I know it is!
Of course I can, am I being funny now?
240 bucks?
If he does.
Ya he's right here.
What is wrong?!
Amy said nothing happened.
So we could do the voice. (doing the voice) La-la-la. Whats the matter?
That seems about right.
Well I want to return this jacket and she asked me why and I said for spite and now she won't take it back.
I got no problem with that.
Oh yeah, Sfuzi? I- I've gotta do that.
I've been waiting a while for this. You know it's a shame Tony got all banged up, we're not gonna be able to get together on Saturday night
Why not?
A four-pound can of black olives? That's a staple?
I would say when the nipple makes its first appearance.
I'll see you later. (he leaves with unseemly haste)
Yeah.
It doesn't matter. I want a divorce.
Because you know we used to go out.
Look, its a very awkward situation. I dont wanna be presumptuous.
Oh, that's just Jane driving home to New York in the middle of the night. (Rachel shocked)
Speak of the devil.
What am I doing? I'm...dating a woman who happens to be sponsoring one of these walkers.
Yeah, but why would you... (Kramer is eating a peach then disgusted he spits it out) Bad peach?
So I assume the jig was up.
It's silly!
It's embarrassing for them. It's painful for us to watch. I'm going out with someone later, I'm not even taking her out of the house.
George, I want you to promise me something. If Im ever in a comma. In the first 24 hours get everything out of my apartment and put it in storage.
Uh-huh.
Why not?
Come on. I don't want to tag along with George and Susan. If you're there it'll be a better group.
What? The two of you workin' in that garage is like a steel cage death match.
I love the day date. No wine, No shower.
Yeah, I still don't see any dinner invitations forthcoming.
(Acts like he was cought red-handed) Elaine, what are you doing here? (Takes the pillow off George, and puts it back on his bed)
Come on let's eat something. (phone rings)
(confused) He what?
Well then, that's it. That's the end of that.
Well, I'm a classy guy. How's the life saving business?
...Yeah.
(tucking in his shirt) Oh ya this is Rachel.
Yeah.
(George enters) Oh, why you havin' a party?
No, really, I just got off the phone with him.
Well, I change it so often, I mean to come all the way down here...
No, I can't I gotta watch Farfel, you and George can go without me.
(Stirring, he gets up to answer the buzzer) Alright, let's get going. C'mon, c'mon now. (Approaches the intercom) C'mon, let's get it together.. (Through intercom) Yeah?
So, uh, whats your son doing now, Dr. Stevens? Oh, hes a public fornicator. Yes, hes a fine boy...
Sounds like a jerk. Felt your material, come on.
What are you doing?
Yeah I guess. So you wanna meet at that place at seven thirty?
What?
Ever notice a lot of butlers are named Jeeves?
What did you say?
How do you know his name?
What do you need salsa for?
I have to. I won't be able to live with myself.
What are you doing? Were going out to dinner in ten minutes.
It's 1030 in the morning?
Well, I'm no genius but, according to my calculations he should be here in a few seconds.
(eating a forkful) These peas are bursting with country fresh flavor.
So youre saying, his girl, his car, his clothes, its all up for grabs. You can just loot the coma victim.
(extemporising) That was the Golden Nugget. Also in Atlantic City. They heard such good things about my show at Bally's, they want me for tonight. So I'll have to repack, and go.
Well if he's going then I'm not going.
What idea?
Um, actually I haven't read Tank McNamara yet. (takes the paper back)
Look at this guy, he's like a cat burglar. He thinks if he goes through real slow the machine won't detect him.
All right, do you want the quarter, take the quarter, but don't try and tell me it's yours.
What move? *My* move. The one I told you about. You used it on Elaine.
He is merry, I'll give him that. (notices a cactus on the table) What's this plant for?
That wasnt so bad, really.
oh.. whoa..
Oh, hello.
(holding up the '# DAD' shirt) We're even.
I think he's black.
Well I got a hundred cards, here, pick a card, take a card, any card you want, go ahead, whichever one, I don't care.
Boy, I never broke up with anyone for not tasting pie???
(tugging at the clicker) I'm a great clicker! (gets the clicker back) Great instincts. How dare you impune my clicking.
Lyme disease? I thought she had Epstein-Barr Syndrome?
(To Kramer) Talk - call him from your house. (Elaine enters. Kramer leaves. To phone) He's calling you now.. okay. (Hangs up)
Hi.
So you're taking relationship advice from Chemical Bank now?
Keep following him Kramer. don't let me down.
You have a girlfriend?
Alright, alright. Just let me finish my coffee... then we'll watch 'em go slice this fat bastard up. (sips coffee)
You need some professional advice. Why don't you go see Elaine's friend? She's a therapist.
I can't believe someone hasn't killed her yet.
...Yeah I am, but I just...(man hangs-up)
Uncle Leo?!
I went to the movies last night, I went to the bathroom and I unbuckled a little wobbly and the buckle kind of banged against the side of the urinal. So(throws away belt) thats it!
Oh, just keep your voice down. Everyone can hear you.
What?
Well, when you went for the tomatoes she lied out topless.
Carrot Top. I told you, my career's fine.
You can always tell what was the best year of your father's life, because they seem to just freeze that clothing style and just ride it out to the end, don't they? And it's not like they don't continue shopping, it's just they somehow manage to find new old clothes. Every father is like this fashion time capsule, you know what I mean. It's like they should be on a pedestal, with someone next to 'em going 'This was nineteen sixty-five'. To me the worst thing is shopping for pants. I hate dressing and undressing in that little room. What men need is a place to shop where you go in, you check your pants at the door, and you just walk around the store in your underwear. That would be the best way. Then you'd really have to lie to the salesman. 'Need some help?' 'No, just getting some air.'
Why not?
What do you want?
So Georgie Boy, guess what happened to TROPIC OF CANCER
I, I had no idea.
I'm Vandelay Industries?
I have some questions of my own.
A friend of a friend of Susan's.
What happened, I thought you were with Tara tonight?
You know what the odds are on a crash it's a million to one.
Alright.
Oh, hey. You got in.
On what?!
Ah, very good.
Yes. We did.
You and your toilets.
I am not going to treat my uncle like a bomb defusing robot.
Statute.
Newman?
You sure?
Those eyebrows could use a trimming, you ever mention that to him?
I know!
No more crutches, that must be a relief.
Can you bring my mail then?
What if we created some sort of diversion? What if we all went by the car and started screaming "There he is, there's the guy that took the handicap spot!" And then, when they all run into the other direction, we'll jump in the car!
And what do I say about you?
SHUT UP!! Shut up Farfel, stop it! (to Elaine) I don't know what to do. I mean what if I take it to the pound then the guy shows up?
No tune.
You are the Queen of Confrontation. Youre my new hero. In fact, youve inspired me. Im gonna call George about something right now.
What, he doesn't like my taste in music?
Hey, all right. Good afternoon Ithaca. Welcome, good to see you here... Boy, I'll tell you, there's an awful lot of those orange cones you have on the throughway... (Sees pilot) on the way... up here... um... I..
How could I know she would start to laugh?
(to Leo) Uncle Leo.
Let me have a look at this thing.
I don't know.
Thats not too bad. Its not like a Sunny von Bulow comma. The doctor said he should snap out of it anytime.
See?
Where?
Heeeeyyyy... How you doin'?
So, Im on line at the supermarket. Two women in front of me. One of them, her total was eight dollars, the other three dollars. They both of course choose to pay by the use of the...
Oh, Martin!
Get out of here!
Well, Lloyd's a very industrious fellow. I'm sure he can accomplish anything he sets his mind to.
Oh. That wasn't really necessary. I don't ride it. It's just for show.
So are you telling me there's not one house to rent in all of Tuscany?
Hey. What's with your neck?
What about a plastic bag?
Hello
Well if a couple breaks up and have plans to go to a neutral place, who withdraws? What's the etiquette?
Dont worry. (whispering into the phone) Kramer! Kramer!... Its Jerry!... Jerry!... From next door!... Never mind where I am!... Yes, Jerry Seinfeld!...
Come on.
I just got the most bizarre message from you father, Steinbrenner is at you house, they think you're dead!
It's 530 in the morning!
Yeah I guess I do owe you.
Aw, looks just like you.
(shocked) What the hell was that?
Hello. Yeah, hi, this is Jerry Seinfeld calling for James Kimbrough. Hello? Hi? Uh huh, really, uh, no problem, definitely, ok, buhbye. That was James Kimbrough.
No, you don't see - because I'm going on the show this week, and this was going to be my bit on the show.
These are the people that want to talk to you. They got nothing else to do, why not disturb you?
And my agent said as a bonus, I can use their private jet, so we'll all go somewhere - the four of us, one big fling before George and I go to California.
Does that thing work?
The stare-ahead. I hate that. I use it all the time.
Well, first of all Elmer Fudd is one of the most beloved internationally known cartoon characters of all time. "I'm going to kill that cwazy wabbit ... hahahahahaaa " Come on. Not only that, a juicer is one of the healthiest ways ... (Naomi exits) it makes the juice ... it extracts the-the pulp and-and-and the vitamins, for-for long life and-and-and vitality.
What?!
Ohhh, moisture?
In the old days how do you think they got the alcohol from town to town?
Oh, come on!
She's got nice calves.
A matador! Well, well, well. Uno momento por favor. Pray tell, what was the young man's name?
Patty won't call me back. I don't know if I can live without her.
Seven and five eighths
Don't you need a little... help?
But you know... not in the building. Really, I feel terrible about this. My intentions were good. What can I do? Tell me.
Who?
You found the place.
Oh
Especially that big kid up in the front. (Mr. Pitt is shown on the television, trying to hold up the deflating Woody balloon.) How old is he? (The phone rings.) Hello?
What happened to you? You were going like a hundred miles an hour.
Well.
Forget it.
Hi Sarge.
Yeah, what happened?
He'll get another job. He's a busboy!
Y'know I hear that all the time.
Of course, they're polyester.
(Skeptical) Ohhh yeah.. right.
No, you stay here in the car. I may need you.
It is? Oh yeah, you're right. What else is playing?
What time does your flight get in? Six? All right, that gives us six hours. Then I'll meet you at the diplomat's club. I'll be the one without the big red sash. Okay, see you tonight. (Hangs up)
This guy's a writer, he's a total nut. I think he goes to the same shrink as Elaine.
I don't know.
Suave! And it's non-fat!
And you know what else? He picked up that woman in the coffee shop.
I want that rye, lady!
Yeah.
Hey Drake! Hi Drake!
That's not a good role for you.
Well what could I do? Unless you pay him a visit.
[To Rep] I dunno what happened, we were just trying to take him to the dentist.
I didn't know you had a hopper.
Yeah Ive got this old bottle of cough medicine.
What else did you say to her?
Home at last. Ahhhh. (light turns off)
Hey - how was the beach?
Great, its yours. I can't stand the sight of it. Elaine, heres the car keys. (tosses her the keys)
Yeah, good idea.
Hey, would you mind switching seats?
Hey, you are the couch tonight, young lady. You were all over my side.
Huh?
You know, the only way to really help her is to just let her be.
Where'd you get plans?
No. Why?
I see you there Ramon.
Little buffer zone.
Wait a second! (They fight over the paper.)
I should have some reason.
So why don't they talk like that now?
(hitting metal with the first strike of the shovel) Well, that was easy.
Oh, I know her. I know her type.
Please, Mrs Hamilton, this is very awkward for me.
I know.
Hi, Alec.
I-I-I don't like the opera. What are they singing for? Who sings? You got something to say, say it!
Kramer you're never gonna be able to completely stop talking.
Take the K-man.
Oh, you have a daughter?
Hairdo?
You can go with Kramer
On my block, a lot of ah, people walk their dogs, and I always see them walking along with their little poop bags, which to me is just the lowest function of human life. If aliens are watching this through telescopes, they're gonna think the dogs are the leaders. If you see two life forms, one of them's making a poop, the other one's carrying it for him, who would you assume was in charge?
And what, hope for a crash?
Bathroom uh, bathroom's uh right over there.
Oh the baby's fine. They just took him to the hospital as a precautionary measure. But look at me. I'm the one who's hurt.
A barren, sterile existence that ends when you die?
(before disappearing himself) Punk.
You think Manya showed up during the game and put a hex on me?
We're doing sixty miles an hour!
Yeah.
Is this okay? Can I do this? (he claps)
I told you not to come.
(sincerely disappointed) Oh, Saturday... I'm working, I'm going out of town.
They stole my car.
I had a statue! What should I do?
Oh, Im sorry. Im just waiting for someone.
But I get upset, I've yelled. You've heard me yell.
Ah, it's an autographed picture for my dry cleaner. I never know what to write on these things. I hate doin' this.
Yeah. It's coming on in a few minutes.
No, it's tarragon. Hey Kramer, I'm sorry about that whole fight we had about you having my apartment keys and everything.
All right, shut up, shut up, Melrose Place is coming on.
He's going' out with you on Friday?
(snaps fingers) Now that you mention it.
If only you could put your mind to something worthwhile. You're like Lex Luthor.
I was an idiot for listening to you!
(quiet annoyance) I don't write skits.
Hi Roy.
Maybe Elaine put in a good word for you.
Well I'm not dating any other deaf women.
Okay, Newman, thanks a lot.
Oh God, it's Joe Devola.
Oh, I don't know...I just like sitting to the left of people, makes me feel like I'm driving.
"No... I find them repugnant and unappealing."
Yeah, he looks busy! Yeah!
40. Perfect. Brand-new Armani suit, you want it?
George, listen to me. I have a very important job for you. I want you to come by twice a day and flush the toilet so the gaskets don't dry out and leak.
So now she's lost a phone face-off? That's even worse than your cell phone walk-and-talk.
The type that doesn't return phone calls. I knew we shouldn't have done this, it was a bad idea in the first place, I told you!
Well, I'm not.
Yes. Well, be that as it may, if you could just find it in yourself to give it up.
uh uh, we're uh ..
(coyly) Oh, nothing important.
's not necessary.
Well, I'm great.
What?
I'll just call her when you leave!
A cashmere sweater.
Here.
Oh yeah, what? "Buck Naked"?
(more disgusted) Ohhhh! You cant! Its impossible! Theres no break in the conversation where you can go, All right then... You know, it just goes on and on and on without a break in the wall. I mean, I gotta put a stop to this.
You couldn't pay me enough to go to the beach on a weekend. I mean it's hard enough...
What are you two talking about? Look, Elaine just wasnt the one.
So whatd you do?
Um hum.
And you can't cast aspersions on someone just because they're wearin' a cape... Superman wore a cape... An' I'll be damned if I'm gonna stand here an' let you say something bad about him.
Like with dogs.
yeah
Not that I would think of doing such things.
I can manage.
What happened to you?
Yeah, I heard.
Hey, it's one thing if I asked you "Could you do me a favor?" ..But to suggest it?.. GEORGE (Obviously up to something. Jerry doesn't suspect anything - yet) Whey you told me what you went through on the plane, it makes you stop and think. You appreciate having a real friend.
Who's there?
Really?
She's makin' the three o'clock train.
The massages are out!
No I don't.
All right, fine. Come over here. (Hangs up phone)
My father has never thrown anything out. Ever!
Yeah.
What do you do at the end of a date when you know you don't want to see this person ever again, for the rest of your life? What do you say? What do you say? No matter what you say, it's a lie. "I'll see you around. See you around. If you're around, and I'm around, I'll see you around that area. You'll be around other people. You won't be around me. But you will be around." "Take care now." Did you ever say that to somebody? "Take care now. Take care, now. Because, I'm not going to be taking care of you. So, you should take care, now." "Take care. Take care." What does this mean? "Take off!" Isn't that what you really want to say? "Take off now."
She's got a fine cheek.
Look, do you really want to buy this thing, or what?
So forget about the books. Did you read them?
I'm not sure if she's allowed to talk. (Picks up the phone and dials.)
(Confused) Where'd you get that one?
All right, I gotta go.
He's not doing anything. Goodbye!
He's never guiled. You know some women keep a lot of important papers in their, uh, pocket books. Like for example oh, someone else's personal financial papers.
Yeah right.
Yes.
So, when you actually did work, what it was that you did?
That's the new area code. They've run out of 242s, so all the new numbers are 646.
Did you get that at Joe's?
The store.
Puffy.
Elaine, I'm sure George is just being sympathetic.
You mean that wasn't uh.
What happened to you?
Well, this is it. I'm really gonna do something about my life, you know? You know, I think I'm gonna call Melanie again. So what if she shushed me. GEORGE, I am really gonna make some changes.
Who are you, Mrs. Robinson?
(Sarcastic) Yes. The city needs more slow-moving wicker vehicles.
Oh, I guess you don't want people calling you at home.
Yeah.
O.K.
I dunno... [they kiss again] *Alright*, I forgive you...
Call me when the pencil comes in Okay?
Oh, hi Valerie. What's up?
So, why don't you just try your blow-off number and see if he's called it?
I dunno, it was an impulse.
No, no I don't. Why?
Look at this.
The one Puddy screamed at in the car?
I don't know.
I cant think about it now. Come on, Im going to Minneapolis. I got four shows this weekend.
If you hadn't gone into her restaurant, this never would have happened.
I was always excited as a kid, when that new TV Guide would come. Somehow when that front cover's nice and flat, seems like there's good fresh TV shows in. Then, as the weeks go by you start to hate the TV Guide. All the shows stink. Everything's getting all crumpled and ripped from being sat on, thrown across the room. TV Guide is always thrown, never handed, to another person. It's the world's most thrown reading material. 'Where's TV Guide?' (mimes throwing) 'There it is.' You know in the back of the TV Guide, they have a phone number, ninety-five cents a minute, they will give you the answers to the TV Guide crossword puzzle? My question is, if you can't do the TV Guide crossword puzzle, where are you coming across ninety-five cents?
How's it going?
Great.
Elaine, let me ask you something. When I told you my breakup was mutual, did you believe me?
Alright, sit down, sit down. (Grabs a pill from the bottle, and starts advancing tward Kramer - like an owner with his dog)
Well, I guess I have all the more reason to get back with her.
I don't know about that. Have you got any floss?
(in a hurry) Ya how you gonna get all this done in time?
Yeah. Kramer's the only person who could say something like that.
Uh-huh.. (Finally realizes what Kramer said, he looks up) Since I said what?
Ask not what I can do for you - ask what you can do for me.
Awwwwww.
What'd you do to your hair?
Well I've never actually done it but if I really wanted to I could probably get one from my friend Roy, the dentist.
Well, the mans an individualist  he worked for Harry Flemming. He knows what hes doing.
Well, she's... like you.
(putting the phone back to his ear) Yeah.
Uh, let me get a coat. I think I'll uh try a sport jacket and scarf thing, you know, like an unemployed actor. (Goes into his room, and comes back out with the jacket on.) Ahh, haven't worn this one in a long time.
Well, I did the best I could.
Oh (laughing) Elaine really? Well that sounds interesting.
Let me call him back... Hello? Who is this? Donna Chang? Oh, I'm sorry, I must o' dialed the wrong number.
Y-You didnt do anything. Its not you, its me. Its- this is very difficult.
You did, you did.
Will you stop it already?!
No.
Yeah, it was a gamble.
He took out Kruger?
OK, fine. 'What do I have to do to put you in this van today?'
Kramer, just tell me what the guy said.
Although what if its one of those hugs where the shoulders are touching, the hips are eight feet apart?
Yknow I think that even if youve had a relationship with someone, or lets say, especially if youve had a relationship with someone and you try to become friends afterwards, its very difficult. Isnt this? Its hard. Because, you know each other so well, you know all of each others tricks. Its like two magicians, trying to entertain each other. The one goes, Look, a rabbit. The other goes, So? I believe this is your card. Look, why dont we just saw each other in half and call it a night, okay?
I don't care.
How you gonna pay? You don't even have a wallet!
What?
Geez, these are delicious. Where did you learn to make eggs like this?
(In the middle of Elaine's sentence, smiling) No, I wouldn't think so.
Really? It's Tuesday here. What day is it there?
And it was his idea to put a sprig of parsley on the plate.
Oh, uh...you see these jeans I'm wearing?
(to Clicky) By the way, you're doing it too fast. You'll disorient the customers.
Wait a second, don't you--
I guess we like to think we've progressed beyond a knife fight for a citrus drink.
Oh wow, so you got the test. You're cheating.
No I...
Opposite.
I thought your parents were outta town?
She will tell her. She's going back to work. I talked her into it - how stupid was that? (Changing subject as they both collect money to pay for the check) Hey, so, Susan's father took that news pretty hard, huh?
Uncomfortable? How does you think I feel?.. Hey let me ask you something, how much did you pay for that ticket?
(Scolding) George. (To salesman) Sorry, were just waiting for David Puddy.
Good idea.
He what?
Aye......
So you want to just abolish all home package deliveries.
Did you know he was so worried about losing more hair if he had to get chemo treatment, I bought him an unlimited gift certificate at the Hair Team For Men, just to put his mind at ease?
Why?
(agreeing) well three years is a long time to be married.
You know, I don't know the exact pronunciation but I believe its Manage A Trois.
Hey. George off to Detroit?
I thought you said you were a good driver!
I mean I have many gay friends...
You, sidle? Y-You ... you stomp around like a Clydesdale!
(Caving in) Ohh.. dial the number. (Elaine picks up the phone, and starts to dial) How could you do this?
(muffled) There you go.
(taking the envelope) Wh..What's this?
Of course you did. Everyone gets along great when there's no possibility of sex.
Yeah.
It's Jerry.
Yeah, that sounds like somethin'...
Yeah.
Don't you see what Whatley is after? Total joke telling immunity. He's already got the two big religions covered, if he ever gets Polish citizenship there'll be no stopping him.
Where did you get this thing?
Why?
Alright, don't wander too far, I'll meet you back here in fifteen minutes.
Do you know how hard it's getting just to tell people I know you?
I told you we shouldn't do it.
Uh, yeah, I think I do. I can never find anything in here. Ah, here it is. So, that Joe Mayo throws the worst parties, doesn't he? So what was your job?
Not fair.
"Why?"
Well, what do you mean?
They're sending a detective to my apartment tomorrow.
Because Kramer has been swimming laps between the Queensborough bridge and the Brooklyn bridge.
(tearing himself away from Christie) Huh?
No.
Carl, I think.
The" coup d-toe"
Can't look at a menu now, I gotta be at the table.
But look at this thing. It's-it's huge. You got more cow here than here.
Did you twist it? You coulda twisted it.
What?
(opening the door) Well, it was nice meeting you.
Yeah, you better give me the insurance, because I am gonna beat the hell out of this car.
Oh. (Notices Louis' jacket) Isn't that, uh, your..
Um uh. And we're going out Saturday night.
Red shirt! Red shirt! That's the red shirt!
Bye thanks.
And that's not helpin' either. That's why you're havin' trouble with your staff, not because of George.
(as Kramer walks by) You're a master of race relations.
What?
Monday, I think.
Yeah pluggin' along.
Oh, is this disruptive? You find it hard to work with someone...interrupting?
The waiting room. I hate when they make you wait in the room. Cause it says Waiting Room. Theres no chance of not waiting. Cause they call it the waiting room, theyre gonna use it. Theyve got it. Its all set up for you to wait. And you sit there, you know, and youve got your little magazine. You pretend youre reading it, but youre really looking at the other people. You know, youre thinking about about them. Things like, I wonder what hes got. As soon as she goes, Im getting her magazine. And then, they finally call you and its a very exciting moment. They finally call you, and you stand up and you kinda look around at the other people in the room. Well, I guess Ive been chosen. Ill see you all later. You know, so you think youre going to see the doctor, but youre not, are you? No. Youre going into the next waiting room  the littler waiting room. But if they are, you know, doing some sort of medical thing to you, you want to be in the smallest room that they have, I think. You dont wnat to be in the largest room that they have. You know what I mean? You ever see these operating theaters, that they have, with like, stadium seating? You dont want them doing anything to you that makes other doctors go, I have to see this! Are you kidding? Are they really gonna do that to him? Are there seats? Can we get in? Do they scalp tickets to these things? I got two for the Winslow tumor, I got two...
So, um, do you date uh immature men?
All right.
Grand theft auto - don't steal any of my jokes.
(pause) Oh. Big deal..
Looking at cleavage is like looking at the sun, you don't stare at it. It's too risky. You get a sense of it and then you look away.
(Trying to straighten things out) You defile one book, steal another, ask for your money back - and to you that's even?
Who?
W-w-wha' you got in there?
You'll get your tape. But here's what I'm gonna need. I'm gonna need three cameras, two on the floor, one in the balcony. And I want headsets for the guys runnin' 'em. I wanna be able to talk to 'em.
I used it up
How did it happen?
Ah, she's starting to slip a little. Sometimes she has Difficulty distinguishing between the past and the present.
Ya what was this? (HE IMITATES MOHEL'S FLINCHING)
I'll tell you what happened. We got married.
Oh, the beach.
Hello, Newman.
There's no precedent, baby!
They're closing. We're going for one last slice.
I want everyone out!
Did you have a good time?
Oh yeah, Steinbrenner...
You know a chef who doesn't wash is like a cop who steals. It's a cry for help, he wants to get caught.
Alright, Newman. What do I have to do to get you to stop pulling the strings for Kramer?
Youre already moping! Would you take the place?
Yeah I called before. I got his notice in the mail.
I...don't remember.
What was all that sniffing?
Well, you know; not everything. I do what I can.
And then there's Maude. (She sits down next to Jerry)
Who?
What is that song?
I think we might have one left in the stock room.
I don't know. (takes off his sweater) This sweater really itches me. You want it?
Yeah?
I don't know. She was so beautiful, it was like a pure reflex. The words just came out of my mouth.
Well, you know, I was thinking - if things don't exactly work out..
Because it's a little mint. It's a *Junior* Mint.
I cant believe I do.
Yeah but the explosion singed off his eyebrows, mustache everything. He's all smooth now. Look's like a seal.
Plantains?
Nah, you had a good run. Took them to the World Series.
Yeah, they're in town this week, you wanna go?
Ill have an egg white omelet.
No. Just chitchat, movies, current events, regular stuff. You know Sandi-- (looking at his watch)
All I did was shake your hand.
Drop dead?
Y'know, you've been developing quite the acid-tongue lately...
So, this is beautiful. You, and Puddy, and this new guy, in a big pot of love stew.
Hey ya know I read an unbelievable thing about Tolstoy the other day, did you know the original title for "War and Peace" was "War--What Is It Good For?"!
No, not yet.
He's joking.
Can't see on your right side?
Dont do the apples. Its enough already with the apples.
Yeah, so.
Okay.
Have you said anything to her?
Well, I'm not going over there. That's where the Lopper is.
I-I have to say something. With all due respect, I just never- I cant imagine anyone in any walk of life, under any circumstance, wanting to make their own pizza pie... but thats me. Alright
You know what? No champagne. Anyway. . . I'll see you later.
The lake isn't real.
But someone is waiting for me!
You left the keys in the car?
Really? Since when?
So, you like him.
..except that the dude plays the showroom and I'm stuck doing food and beveridged!
You took your pants off?
I think this Father Curtis might be very interested to hear what Whatley has the Pope doing with Raquel Welch.
(to George) Keep going.
No why?
Thanks. It's Hounds-Tooth.
Uh, sometimes I use the sofa.
No I gave it back to you
Newman, Kramer, if you'll indulge me. According to your story Keith passes you and starts walking up the ramp then you say you were struck on the right temple. The spit then proceeds to ricochet off the temple striking Newman between the third and forth rib. The spit then cam off the rib turned and hit Newman in the right wrist causing him to drop his baseball cap. The spit then splashed off the wrist, Pauses In mid air mind you- makes a left turn and lands on Newman's left thigh. That is one magic luggie.
Yeah, that's true. Well it sounds like it's going pretty good.
This guy's got quite a racket. I take you to dinner and then drop you off at his apartment...
All fathers are intimidating. Theyre intimidating because they are fathers. Once a man has children, for the rest of his life, his attitude is, To hell with the world, I can make my own people. Ill eat whatever I want, Ill wear whatever I want, and Ill create whoever I want.
Hey Mickey. Check the pepper shaker.
I mean look at this. Every waitress working here has the same proportions. Wouldn't you say?
Hello?...yeah, I can be there in 10 minutes...you can count on me! (hangs up)
What?
Oh well, thank you, Marcelino.
Newman, too?
I crossed my legs, I forgot to alternate.
Right. You know, the Wall being down and everything.
Yes, I will.
Ah ha...
Where did you get that?
So what?
You're nuts!
Oh, that's lovely.
Leo?
What happened?
How's it going?
I think I'd rather go out on a deaf date than a blind date. The question is whether you'd rather date the blind or the deaf.
Hey, did you talk to the doctor?
With the little legs?
Boy, that is some kick.
No. Why don't you buy it? You got 1,900 dollars.
Because you said this would be better. Remember? A vacation from ourselves. That's what you said.
This is Outrageous! (To Marcelino) Pack of Juicy Fruit.
All right. Enjoy"Blame it on the Rain"
Oh God he saw me.
I'm gonna ask this guy something.
So it had nothing to do with you.
David Putty used *my* move?
Are you insane? Give 'em to me.
Oh, o.k. (Goes to the closet for the towel and finds dozens of boxes of Today sponges.)
Yes.
Without you? That's the whole reason you came down here.
I dont know how this happened.
One message. Hope it's not from you.
It's impossible
Soo...
Why now?
Oh...yeah...uh you've never met my wife, Meryl? Meryl Seinfeld.
Yeah, he's a real phony.
Well I can see it.
(to himself) I have absolutely no idea.
Birds?
I am not gay. I am, however, thin, single and neat. Sometimes when someone is thin, single and neat people assume they are gay because that is a stereotype. They normally don't think of gay people as fat, sloppy and married. Although I'm sure there are, I don't want to perpetuate the stereotype. I'm sure they are the minority though within the gay community. They're probably discriminated against because of that, people say to them "Y'know Joe, I enjoy being gay with you but I think think it's about time, y'know that you got in shape, tucked the shirt in and lost the wife". But if people are even going to assume that people that are neat are gay, maybe instead of doin' this, "Y'know I think Joe might be a little... [waves hand back and forth]", they should vacuum "Y'know I think Joe might be >vroom< [makes vacuuming motion]. Yeah, I got a feeling he's a little >vrooom<..."
What did you do?
(Following Leo out the door) Uncle Leo, wait! Hello?!
Actually, I did. I put it on last night and slept in it.
Happy, Pappy? What does that mean?
Aww...
I'm not sending you the bill.
I saw one once that could do sign language.
Yeah, college was fun.
Lip area.
I thought you'd like that.
Not with a cane?
Maybe you're getting' a raise.
Hold on, they think you're handicapped?
Hey, hey. uh Pamelas birthday party, didnt I see you there? Jerry.
Oh, I forgot to call Christie.
What! You're the one who ruined her life.
Yeah! In fact, she broke up with me! And I don't want to talk about it!
I don't keep real coffee in here, I get my coffee on the outside! (Intercom buzzes. He answers it) Yeah?!
When you feel guilty.
This is a pretty bad deal for Kramer. You know a radar detector is worth much more than that helmet. I think you're cheating him.
Hello?
Nothing.
It's a perfect plan. So inspired. So devious. Yet so simple.
You're meetin' the father for the first time?
Kramer!
who?
I'm sure she's a little self-conscious and doesn't like to talk about it.
Oh.
See that guy he's talking with? That's her new boyfriend.
Yeah, but I'm a little uncomfortable. I'm afraid of making another mistake.
(surveying the restaurant) Look, they're doing it. They're all doing it!
(Still pulling) Squinch em!
No, shes a little too cheery for me.
Yeah. Let's uh, go to your place. Because I, threw out all my dishes.
Out.
No, we don't care, we just want to go.
I will go to that, if you go with me to a little family wedding I have on Saturday.
No. I can't say as I have.
He's put his faith in you. He's put his faith in you.
You can be bleak in spring.
Alright, let's go.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Hi!
The baldies
Yes, because my previous vomit was also June 29th... 1972. That's why during the '80 vomit, I was yelling to George "Can you believe it? I'm vomiting on June 29th again."
(a little confused) You wanna hang out here, at phase two of the Pines of Mar Gables?
You know this...
Look, she slammed into a parked car! She took no responsibility for mutilating the property of a stranger, then she sped off like a criminal!
Yeah, you liked him. What happened with him?
No, he just doesn't like me.
I don't even know if I remember the number.
South America?
I have no patience for lactose. And I wont stand for it. Um, Ill be right back.
NBC! They wanna have another meeting about the idea.
Snowball? You were afraid of Snowball?
Yes, yes, I heard.
See, I told you I wasn't funny all the time. (George enters) Hey George, look, I'm not funny now.
Well, at least taste it.
How you feeling?
Tuscany!
Up state! Hummm.
No, it offends me as a comedian. And it'll interest you that he's also telling Catholic jokes.
How did you get my package?
How so?
Uh-huh. Yeah. So, anybody specific?
And here's the beauty--
Hey, I gotta stop off at the bookstore to pick up my parents one of those French-English dictionaries.
Yeah, Ive heard that about wedding bands.
Oh that's George. (presses the intercom button) Yeah?
Ma, it's not true!
What?
Really?
Cranberry juice?
The third?
(Carrying her out, piggy-back style) No, what?
What's the matter?
Well, I dunno. I didn't really talk to her.
Yeah?
So, you missed the wedding. You'll catch the bris!
Huh?
Hi, Sidra. I usually last about ten minutes on a Stairmaster. Unless of course there's someone stretching in front of me in a leotard, then I can go an hour.
Yours or hers?
Yeah... hes specializing in whales. He's working on lowering the cholesterol level, in whales all that blubber -- quite unhealthy. You know its the largest mammal on earth but as George says "they don't have to be."
Wait a second. *My* move?
You know my friend Bob Sacamano?
Yeah.
Oh yea, I didn't even realize.
Well, at least the Costanzas changed their mind and decided not to move. They couldn't bear being away from George.
(adamant) No, no, no. That's my jacket, give it back.
(noticing a coffee table book) Oh, you got the Civil War book. I saw some of that show, it was wonderful.
Because you're a woman!
Theres more. The refrigerator.
Yeah.
Nothing.
What's around you?
Yeah. Well, that - that could be tough to get.
I have to dribble, if I give it to you, you just shoot. You're a chucker.
(pause) I thought you said... "ridicurous." (Donna looks puzzled)
Wait, wait a second! Go back, go back to that. (they watch it a little longer)
Oh, by marriage. (To George) We went to their wedding. You should have heard him talking about Chappaquiddick - trying to blame the whole thing on bad directions.
Oh, no thanks. (turns back to Kramer)
Well, I just wanted to... (breaks off) You forgot the gift certificate to Barnes and Noble.
what?
Get off the phone!
But he's an old man, Elaine.
Okay.
(answering the phone) Hello.
What are you doing? You're choking me. Elaine!
What song?
All right. (sits down)
You what?! Get out! (pushes Kramer) Ten thousand?
(Blunt) Well, maybe not us, but two men could.
Oh, I'm back, baby.
Don't you see, that's the genius of it. If he had said Liam Neeson, you'd know he's making it up.
Sorry I'm late, I just came from a meeting with my lawyer.
I didn't even use the ticket!
Is there, something I can help you with?
So, Elaine was telling me about this piece of whitefish she had the other day...
Is it possible they're just having babies to get people to visit them?
A Mister Kenneth Bania.
I'd be happy to.
(negative) Eehh.
Who do you know? He knows my hair.
You what?
Oh, well, then I can't accept your testimony. Maybe if you had seen her naked.
Jenna's like me. She's very... (searches for word)
Kramer, this is awful! We don't want to hear about this!
I got another card from Kristin. Not quite as chipper as the first one.
You remember Peter. remember I told you how he went to the track that one time and he was yelling at this jockey and the jockey got off the horse and started chasin' him.
Are you sure?
Lloyd?
He can't handle the truth!
Yeah (to buzzer)
Yeah?
What do you mean she liked you?
Course, it would have to be someone who hasn't heard the story before. Someone who is unencumbered by any emotional attachment. Someone whose heart is so dark, it cannot be swayed by pity, compassion, or human emotion of any kind.
(passing Hallie) 'Scuse me.
That's surprising, his fruit is usually the best.
So did you come up with a little stupid story for the Himalayan walking shoe yet?
George.
She said I wasn't sponge-worthy. Wouldn't waste a sponge on me!
What are you talking about? She completely misrepresented herself! (mimicking the letter) I don't offer happiness. I offer happiness! James Caan doesn't offer happiness!
No, its not that.
Oh, Okay (turns to rest of table) Im sorry, I didnt know what to bring, nobody told me.
I understand, I like good breakfast. Long as you don't wind up trapped in a room with bib overalls and pigtails, been counseled by Dick Gregory.
(smug) I'm not engaged.
I hear things. Hey, so Sophie gave me the "It's me" on the phone today.
In five minutes. He's then going to pick us up, then we're going to pick up Elaine, and Laura is going to meet us there.
Yeah, yeah I did.
George, George!
Her tip.
You got a little problem.
Well, I gotta know - I'm talkin' to Sidra.
I'm Jerry Seinfeld, I tell jokes for a living, but there's no joking about the financial crisis at PBS. Show us you care. Call in your pledge now.
No, no, it was a small ceremony.
I can't listen to anymore of this, the guy's losing a lung in there. (Russell's daughter Molly enters.)
Look, I'm not pitching a show about freaks.
The city's probably teeming with people who've been waiting out that marriage.
(to Nina) I brought George up to see some of your paintings.
Well, it was sudden.
Oh, we all hated him.
How you gonna get out of *that* one?
Yes I'd like to speak with Dr. Siegel... it's about Roy Kordic's condition...
When you ask someone about their relationship and they touch their face, you know it's not going too well. Go ahead ask me how it's going with somebody.
Yeah. Oh, I can't wait to talk to this guy. (moves to pick up phone)
(disappointment) Dammit!
It's green.
And instead of a tree, didn't your father put up an aluminum pole?
Well, here's what I propose. Go down to the stables, snoop around. See if any high-flying cashier's been throwing twenty dollar bills around with big lips.
(protesting) I..I didn't say that.
Oh, I'm the doofus?
I heard you say something, there.
What person who runs an antique store gets involved in people's lives?
cool guy? what are you, in 8th grade?
Who takes care of your boy during the day?
What?
But I could do that and the music.
Oh. Yeah.
The Daily Worker has personal ads?
No they don't. They're out on some big picnic. They're cooking burgers. They're making out on blankets. They're not at some mall in Jersey watching their friends trying to find the world's cheapest air-conditioner.
What?
(interrupts) What are you doing? What's wrong with you? What're you doing? Give me that phone! Go to your apartment and lie down, I'll make an appointment for a doctor today. (on the phone) Hello? Oh hi! I'm sorry. No, that's my next door neighbor. He's not quite himself. He got kicked in the head. What? Really? You're kidding! Today? Yeah! Sure! We could make it. Two o'clock? Yeah, we would do that. Okay. Great! Thanks a million! Okay, bye.
You feel better?
Lemme see if I understand this. In other words, you held out
Please-
Well, how come?
Pez?
I told you to take it.
It has nothing to do with her sister.
Well, it's been a great visit.
Now, how could that be good?
Hello?
Maybe you better call the cops and turn me in.
(To Nina) Hey, how 'bout my friend, George? Quite a guy, huh?
There's no hazing of the fetus, or anything, is there?
A big long scar where her leg would dangle when she's riding a...?
But it's just a friendly game. Why do you have to be such a stickler?
I don't have your suit. I gave it away.
Well, said he was waiting about two hours. Seemed a little put out.
There it is!...No, no that's a Toyota.
Walk away?
(weakly) I dunno
So what does he care if you put lifts in?
I did.
What mustard stain?
(taking the envelope) Oh no, not more checks. They're coming faster than I can sign 'em.
Uh-huh.
Tuberculosis
You got gonorrhea from a tractor?? And you call *that* your tractor story??
No knock offs. I want the ones like the real players wear.
Does she hate cigarettes?
I thought youre like Hitler in the bunker?
Four hundred a month.
Is this even a road?
He's gonna show up anyway.
Hi. Hi. Look, I don't know what you think --
So tell us about the trip. How's Dr. Reston?
Well, theyre three kind of funny looking guys and they hit each other a lot.
Oh, great. That's great. What a night.
So how was the pie?
What?
Oh, it's enchanting.
Where are they moving to?
You can't just *have* an adultery-- you *commit* adultery. And you can't even *commit* adultery unless you already *have* a commitment. So you have to make the commitment before you can even think about committing it. There's no commit without the commit. Then, once you commit, then you can commit the adultery. Then you can get caught, get divorced, lose your mind and they have you committed. But y'know some people actually *cheat* on the people that they're cheating with. Which is like, y'know, being in a hold up and then turning to the robber next to you and goin' Alright, gimme everything you have, too''.
Actually, it was a ********.
Okay.
What's he here for?
Mr. Bevilacqua, the gym teacher.
I don't think I want to meet the people that are in the market for a used van.
What about the breathing, the panting, the moaning, the screaming?
George got him fired. He squealed on him.
What stuff?
Fred, do you know Elaine?
You're being coy. Now where's Kramer, Newman?
(irritated) Great.
[to taxi driver] Take the Park!
No. I'm fine, thank you.
The song Downtown? You mean the Petula Clark song?
There's really not that much to tell.
A bomb threat? Why would I call in a bomb threat?
well, you know, sometimes a square is everything
These beans are pretty good.
Are you nuts? You dont even know the guy.
No.
Oh. that would be great.
Would you give him the TV back?
I'm a comedian. Oh, let me get that. (reaching for the check) You've been so helpful.
All right. You're in MY face.
That's so funny!
Absolutely
Look, there was an awkward moment in the conversation. It never happened before.
Really John Mollika, they guy that used to bartend at the Comedy Club. How's he doing?
Yes. (To Jenny) You're sure there's nothing we can do?
The omelet. Damn.
Who?
Poppie, I was just curious...where do you stand on the abortion issue?
Oh, Anthony Quinn, fine actor. But from what I understand, not a very good driver. Hits everything on the road. But always leaves a note.
You know, the guys, that uh, they sell the tickets for the sold-out events.
Saving movies.
It's been years!
George, we're trying to have a civilization here.
All right.
Tell me what?
Why? (George fiddles with the lock on the door.) Well what are you doing?
Hi.
Well I um I didn't ah actually get to see the whole movie.
Could we stop?
Yeah? Whered he go, to an arcade?
How many session did my parents paid for?
She's a virgin, she just told me.
I don't know, but you better keep it up.
Really? I thought...
(as George picks up a broken piece of his car) You know, a lot of these scratches will buff right out...
(glances at it) Pretty good.
Well, what did you do that for? You ordered it.
I don't want to talk about it!
What are their living expenses?
Bye.
You dont know Robert Schumann? The composer?
Hi tide?
What if you destroy him?
(to Elaine) Harold and Manny.
I never should have taken his keys away. But he drove me to it! I had no choice! He wouldn't take 'em back. Elaine, you saw it, remember? I said, 'Take the keys back.' He wouldn't do anything. You saw it, didn't you see it?
All right, forget it, its over, Im not moving.
Especially when you got a layover in Sarajevo. (Bosnia Herzegovina)
Yeah, go ahead, take it.
What am I doing here? Ba-boom (holding out a present)
(whispers) You can't just have water.
Why did you take a picture of a mustard stain?
(still outside) What was that?
"I think that's eat 24 hours before surgery."
Oh, no...
Alright, well. Just, start again, then.
Oh, My god.
I'm a comedian.
Because men think if women are grabbing and clawing at each other there's a chance they might somehow kiss.
Hey.
Will everybody please leave?!
When did you build this thing?
Well there's always a place for you, on our team.
Well, keep looking.
Oh my... that *is* refreshing...
You're marchin' in.
That's final!!!
Into the patient, *literally*!
What records?
Really? Her mother.
Well you're not even a fan. I was at game six - you didn't even watch it.
"No...Got dental appointment."
Yeah.
But the reservation keeps the car here. That's why you have the reservation.
Hey, have you heard the one about the guy in hell with the coffee and the doughtnuts and--
Too bad. It was erotic.
No, No, No, No, Oh, No.
Hey
No, no, the old switcheroo is you poison your drink then you switch it with the other person's.
Not from the footage I've seen.
She could have mentioned the conversation.
(realizing something) Oh, my god!
Technically, you're sauted. So, what are you doing for that?
Talk to me.
I know, you would drape yourself in velvet.
Hmm. Look to the cookie Elaine... Look to the cookie.
Yeah, Postum is under-ratted,
We're in the middle of a discussion here.
Hello.
Oh, its an invitation to a house warming from Martin and Gina.
Well, they're not here. You'll have to dig up your spare set.
No I haven't seen it yet.
Elaine, what are you doin' down there?
Insert a knife into the center and twist. Then, to make it bloom, soak it in water for thirty to forty minutes.
Hey Elaine, it's me.
The crook has the machine. The messages arent for him. Hes the crook. Why would he answer- (Jerry gives up on the explanation and turns around to see George standing behind him.) How did you get in here?
How was your flight? (Wishful thinking) Pretty uncomfortable?
That's what Willie Loman told Biff before his interview, in 'Death of a salesman'.
What if it gets in the side?
See? If we had stayed, we could have seen those runs.
So, what's good tonight?
George, the phone's free.
(pause) All night?!
No, it can do anything. It can be Spanish. (doing the voice) Hola. Hello-o-o-o.
Robert.
Okay, Okay, I promise. (puts on the headphones again) Wow!!! Oh Man...Oh God.. Oh Brother....Whoooaaaa!! Whoaaaa (Elaine enters he takes them off rapidly)
You see -- ah, uh ...
Yeah.
How can I figure out if there's any places to rent in Tuscany? Wait a minute. Poppy's from Tuscany. I'm gonna go call him.
Im meeting George for lunch at the coffee shop.
Oh!! Let me ask you a question. Was the movie part of the bet?
what's the matter with yours?
A party is a bad date situation. It doesn't matter who you're with. You could be with J. Edgar Hoover. You don't want to sit and talk with Hoover all night. You want to circulate. (Makes hand motions) Ho, ho, ho.
Well Cindy, the place looks great.
I don't care, why are you telling me this?
That's very nice of you, but I can't do the voices.
Well, don't worry about it. Once he passes the test, you'll have sex again, and you'll be fine.
(looking at the Wizard) Well, your tip is four dollars and thirty-six point six six six six cents.
What's the difference?
...so he stole my move and he's using it on Elaine.
Good. My cold's gone, and I've been looking forwards to kissing you, which I'm ready to do now, if you are ready.
Unfortunately the immutable laws of physics contradict the whole premise of your account. Allow me to reconstruct this if I may for Miss Benes as I've heard this story a number of times.
Suspected serial killer, he didn't actually do it.
Kramer. Yeah that'll do.
Ho, ho...ho! Hold on. Let's keep this sophisticated.
Imagine, us narks?
I think you got it.
(quietly) Hello, Mrs. Costanza.
Lemme just check my messages. (to himself) Maybe a nicer girl called.
Oh, she had an itch.
You don't think she's just talking to me?
Hey, salad's got nothin' on this mutton.
(unheard by Jenna) When the battery runs out.
(From outside the apartment) Hello?
Here we go.
Are you serious?
Losing? You know, yesterday I lost control of my car, almost bought the farm.
All taken care of.
Yes.
Not since June 29, 1980.
Elaine, how about this shirt? Is this okay?
Hey, get out of here...hey officer, he's fooling around back here.
What're you doing with a pricing-gun?
An assembly?
Apparently Plato, who came up with the concept of the platonic relationship, was pretty excited about it. He named it after himself. He said, Yeah, I got this new thing Platonic. My idea, my name, callin it after myself. What I do is, I go out with the girls, I talk with them- dont do anything, and go right home. Whatd you think? I think its going to be big! I bet you there were other guys in history that tried to get relationships named after them, but it didnt work. Yknow, I bet you there were guys who tried to do it, just went, Uh, Hi, uh my names Rico. Would you like to go to bed immediately? Hey, its a Riconic relationship.
(privately amused) Suze? I actually had a little thing with her for a while. (indicating Elaine) Her too.
Well, I don't wanna get into the whole physics of carbonation with you here, but you know the sound a can makes when you open it?
Ah...that's a big responsability on your hands.
Told you.
What are you doing? All right, all right. What's the matter with that? What about that one?
(cont'd) Im gonna do it in Farsi.
No, believe me it's not good. I'll mail you a new one with something really funny written on it.
It's inhumane!
I would think.
What are we doing here..
Georgio! Nice duds!
(Giddy) This is gonna be great!
Why would I do it unless I was in mortal danger? I know it's against the law.
Always works?
Well, Kramer thought it would make her happy. (To Kramer) I never should have cashed those checks!
It cannot not be funny! Now come on, let's stay with it, we gotta finish this today.
I'm out.
Oh, by the way, your stationery store guy called and he's got your pencil.
All right, lets go. Hey, you know, you owe me one.
Yeah.
Is it me or was that the ugliest baby you have ever seen?
(laughing) Really? What a shock.
What do you recommend?
Hey look , Champagne..
They're ladies' glasses! You know all you need is that little chain around your neck so you can wear 'em while you're playing Canasta.
Is this really necessary?
No. If I lend her to you I'll have to lend her to everybody.
I'm not goin' along. I can just see you in Berlin in 1939 goose- stepping past me "C'mon Jerry, go along, go along..."
Would you turn that down! What is that crap!
You what??
Yeah, uh, I'll see you later.
But then we would have missed the whole thing.
Thin ice, George. Thin ice..
No, not particularly.
Shell be furious.
I couldn't help it. We hadn't been alone together in a long time and we just kinda started up a little during the coming attractions and the next thing we knew, the war was over.
It's one day. Half a day, really. I mean you substract showers and meals, it's like twenty minutes. It will go by like that. (snapping his fingers)
Oh, the nerve. You know, some people have asked me if you've uh, done that.
Well, Mrs Hamilton, it's certainly nice that you and Valerie patched things up, so we could all get together like this. Where is Valerie?
Ahh.
I'm on the phone!
Same as you cant overwet. You see, once something is wet, its wet. Same thing with death. Like once you die youre dead, right? Lets say you drop dead and I shoot you. Youre not gonna die again, youre already dead. You cant overdie, you cant overdry.
You see , I kept up my end of the pact.
Volcano? Really?
You gonna be alright here?
So I think we should just forget the whole deal, and go back to being friends.
What's wrong?
What do you mean you got caught?
When all the while, the real secret to happiness has been right in front of us!
No, wait a minute, wait a minute, that?s not fair, what about George, Susan and Elaine, what do you need me for?
(pointing to Kramer's hair) You got some suds over here.
Yeah, Im sorry. I had to give it to Horneck.
Yeah, I know champagne, limos, cigars. WHAT happened to the papers?
Not all of 'em!
Why they want you to fire Raquel Welch?
Gary?
Perfect.
(Takes out his key to unlock the unit door) Where is your key?
(sarcastic) Oh, great.
I didn't know you meant *hold* it, I thought you meant hold it.
Bye. (Hangs up)
I'm sorry. Got any booze? What's say you and I get ripped!
Yeah.
I thought Consumer said Volvo was the car.
Well if you're gonna be O'Brien, why can't I be somebody?
We make all these plans - this idiot goes a hundred miles an hour - the whole weekend's over - incredible - just like that -
All right, let me ask you this when she comes over, you're cleaning up a lot?
Well, what d'you think?
The waiter was trembling!
Alright, but let me ask you this question.
Yeah, he's a real smart guy too. He's a Civil War buff.
Yeah!
Hey, hey. Wha... wait... what, you're gonna leave it there? That's like half a pound of turkey!
Statute of limitations. It's not a statue.
All right, I'll do it. (Goes on stage) Hey kids. What's the deal with homework? you're not working on your home! (Audience boos)
So, you and Lyle are roommates?
Hi Elaine, this is Angela.
I would know if I had a blender.
Tuck in, tuck in.
I'm not talking about upside down. (Jean-Paul and Kramer come in) I'm talking about waking him up!
Oh, there's no emergency...
Alright. So?
Wednesday. This jacket has completely changed my life. When I leave the house in this, its with a whole different confidence. Like tonight, I mightve been a little nervous. But, inside this jacket, I am composed, grounded, secure that I can meet any social challenge.
. Well So fine then ..then I don't want it and then that's why I'm returning it
Where are you going?
Well, bitter's a judgement call, but she's twisted!
Maybe I'll let you pick me up.
That's the worst cockney accent I've ever heard in my life.( George enters) Hey! Georgie boy , guess what I got.
It is unbelievable.
Yeah
We have time.
Hi Ralph.
Youre doing this yourself?
So you were with him that day at the track?
Who is it?
Yeah! It's a doodle.
You wanted to be ensconced in velvet, you're buried.
Wow. The enthusiastic hi. Thats beautiful.
Elaine, look. I drew this triangle free-hand. It's a doodle. It's perfect!
Right.
What's your problem.
Alright, I'll pick it up, but it's the last time I'm doin' it!
What strike?
This is going to be a shame.
How is this an emergency?
I've never done it before.
No, no, no. I'm not happy, I'm not lucky, and I don't go. If anything I'm sad stop unlucky.
Yeah, I did. In fact I went over there.
What's wrong with yours?
What?
So the picture worked. Amazing!
think I've changed my mind.
Alright.
Well, I never even caught a foul ball at a baseball game.
How are we gonna get out of it?
Is that the end of it?
Oh, good idea...
No. No more questions. Just figure it out for yourself and get it done.
So what'd you think?
They're not getting a baby so you're taking them out to lunch?
Well, so it wasn't a total loss.
All right.
Really?
Well, what's to be said? He didn't remember you.
He might not want nothing.
Who are you describing?
If that's Rushdie, they're real.
I guess he graduated.
Yes. Generally that's where scuba diving is done.
Hey, Bob.
(Interrupting Bania) Yeah, yeah I know. This would be good, but it would be the same. But if we go some place else, it would be different, but it might not be as good. It's a gamble. I get it.
You're gonna take this kid to Paris?
What does he look like?
No, but I've read articles and I must say it, doesn't sound very pleasant.
You know I know this sounds a little arrogant but I never thought she would find anyone she would like better than me. Ya know, I guess I had my chance and that's that.
(to Elaine) I can't believe you write for this J.Peterman catalog. (to George) Get this one "I packed my rod and reel. 30 hours later, lost in the fiord, a welcoming smile. Thank god she spotted the epaulettes on my Norwegian ice-fishing vest".
Look at this. They make a point of saying on the menu, No egg white omelets. Look at that.
I know!
Alright, c'mon up.
No.
I think it's off the wagon.
Who is it?
Well? Go ahead.
If you need more time, you should have more time.
Yeah. I hope so ?!
Who would order a license plate that says "Assman"?
Hello there you are.
You think I'm too cautious?
paper goods?
She never sees the big picture.
No, you'd have to be crazy.
Why do you keep bringing up the bubble boy. You don't have to mention the bubble boy? I know about the bubble boy. I'm aware of the bubble boy. Why do you keep reminding me about the bubble boy?
Yeah!
Killed?
You sure you don't want the tickets?
Over here?
No, I just want some change.
Hey, Kramer, Elaine's afraid of Snowball!
He should have had a reverse peephole.
So ,Who is he?
(To Elaine) Oh, one more thing about the car. Let it warm up for a minute.
Come in.
Dude!
I thought we'd eat at the Gentle Harvest.
I hear things.
What?
You always have to know everything that's going on, don't you?
"I want you to have this job, of course sodomy is a prerequisite."
Why did I think there was a Rubber Man? Theres Elastic Man... Plastic Man...
I'm performing in this club on the east Side. You should come in.
I'm sorry, I..
Stakes?
Who?
I had some friends drag me to an opera recently, you know how they've got those little opera glasses, you know, do you really need binoculars, I mean how big do these people have to get before you can spot 'em. These opera kids they're going two-fifty, two-eighty, three-twenty-five, they're wearing big white woolly vests, the women have like the breastplates, the bullet hats with the horn coming out. If you can't pick these people out, forget opera, think about optometry, maybe that?s more you're thing.
Your hands were in the dough?
(also grabbing) What're you doing, I got it.
Yeah.
Hi Nana.
(to Elaine on the floor) How are you doing?
Hey, how's your father? I hear he's closing his store.
What is that, the Empire State Building?
An inch! Can you move over an inch?!?
You think you can get him to just change teams? He's not going to suddenly switch sides. Forget about it.
Everything.
No. No lunch.
Confucius, huh?
Hey! Kramer.
We got along beautifully.
"Not necessarily because....."
(annoyed) How you gonna drive when looking through a periscope? Besides it's not a submarine and there's no room for a periscope in a car.
What are you talking about?
No you go on ahead, I'll take the bus.
(overhearing the other two) Oh, no.
There are ways.
(answering machine) Leave a message. I'll call you back. Thanks.
Manly.
What for?
(turning to Elaine; thinking) Oh no, not now.
Well I, I can't believe this. I know Phil, he, he's a good friend of mine. We play softball together. How could this be?
Hey, Isn't that my mother's fur coat?
Yeah well, maybe if he didn't lick his fingers before he reached in the bag we would've eaten some. Serves him right.
Yeah, I guess you could.
Yeah, but?
First of all, you're not even supposed to have Elaine's keys. You're supposed to give 'em back to her, so she can give 'em back to me, because she has mine. So technically, those are my keys.
I still don't know what the idea is.
What's that?
Youre movin in, youre a good friend, I wanna start you off on the right foot. Give me...a hundred and fifty dollars. (Elaine is shocked, Jerry opens the door to the hall.) Get it outta here right now, take it out the door, I dont even wanna see it, go, get it out.
Uh huh. Well uh, I'll give you a call, and thanks for the fish. By the way, you know why fish are so thin?
Well why doesn't he just come in?
George, the man wept.
(Again, joking) A lot of ex-cons become busboys. They seem to gravitate twards 'em.
No. Come on up.
What's stopping them?
I long for you?
Hair?
Do you have to write all this stuff down.
Alright.
(Holds his drink up to his mouth) She's not a novelty act, George. Where you hire her out for weddings and bar mitzvas.
Oh, sorry... My mistake... [To himself] Thank... *you*!
Yeah, that'd be something.
Come on, your parents have money.
You don't understand. I went on a successful pocket diet, and I want to keep that weight off.
Boy, It's the way they just slip it in there too.
Its just unbelievable.
What marathon runner?
Hey keep your hands to yourself if you know what's good for you.
Stay on Biscayne.
I wish I just had the last twenty seconds of my life back.
I'm not gay.
I cannot take it!
So you're telling me, because you're getting free parking, I gotta pretend this guy had cancer when he didn't?
Uh, yeah. (broaching a subject) Hey uncle Leo, I hope I wasn't uh, rude to you that day I bumped into you on the street. Uh, I really did have to get to a meeting.
Today, like right now.
Hmm. I thought she became a lesbian.
Elaine, stop it.
It's only for three days. Today's over and we have tommorow. We leave on Sunday. It's one day, really.
...so if you like to tell jokes, and love to make people laugh, stand-up comedy may be the career for you.
It's been a terrible situation down there the past couple of days. He's really been making things uncomfortable for me. There's always a big pile of dirty towels in front of my locker ...
In the back, on your right.
You can see me naked. I can offer you that.
hey
I was locked out of my apartment, I'm just trying to get my keys.
Look, I'm not going in your building. I really don't have to talk to you. Goodbye.
Good. (pause) Steak knife?
Friday night? Nothin', ... now.
Maybe she'll sweeten.
You're right. I'm gonna call her right now and tell her off.
Meat? I dont, I dont know, go... hunt! (Kessler opens the refrigerator and sticks his head in.) Well what happened in the game anyway?
Hey, have you seen all these new commercials for indigestion drugs? Pepcid AC, Tagemat HB.
Oh, that's a drag...
(upset) Ohhhh, what are you doing? Kessler, its a tape! I taped the game, its one oclock in the morning! I avoided human contact all night to watch this.
Out.
You didn't have to push me.
Of course she doesnt have five thousand dollars!
Were still friends.
Yeah.
What you do say about a guy like this, huh! (George applauds.) You are some great friend, I tell ya, snubbed her! (seriously) Not that I condone it. I've never condoned snubbing in my administration. But your loyalty is beyond question.
Hey that's life. Good-looking men have the same advantages. You don't see any handsome homeless.
What?
Slim-fit?
Yes.
Asked you? You're not going to do that are you?
What I do? You are one of my favorite ball players of all time
No, he didn't use 'man'.
Elaine, now you're being ridiculous.
I think SHE saw it coming.
(aghast) Four in the morning?!
Yeah, I know.
I dont know if you should sit for this or not. Sitting is good if you faint, but standing is good for jumping up and down. I cant decide.
This is Nikki.
Yeah. Come on up.
What are you talkin' about?
Yeah, you must have meant Clara Barton. **
So what was wrong with him?
Because I gave it to you.
Of course, I always do.
Of course we'll hit traffic. It's rush hour.
Im not taking it back.
Just follow the ordering procedure and you will be fine.
So, what did she do?
What's in?
Hey.
What? He can't do that.
She sees something in him.
Thank you. [Throws the towel around like a hot potato.]
What is it?
Mmm, succulent.
c'mon, c'mon....
Why?
(to Kramer) What are you doing here?
Well, Kramer'll take them around for a while.
All right.
The problem with talking is that nobody stops you from saying the wrong thing. I think life would be a lot better if it was like youre always making a movie. You mess up, somebody just walks on the set, and stops the whole shot. You know what I mean? Think of the things you wish you could take back. Youre out somewhere with people, Gee, you look pregnant.. are you? Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, thats not gonna work at all. Walk out the door, and come back in. Lets take this whole scene again. People, think about what youre saying!
No. "These pretzels are making me thirsty."
Look, it doesn't necessarily mean anything yet, it just means he was sniffing.
Yo?
How you gonna hold it on there?
You come all the way up here to see a back specialist and you're lifting heavy suit cases.
Hey you know George isn't to happy, ahh, about your new friendship.
He's nice, bit of a close talker.
I thought I smelled lilac.
Uncle Leo!
Okay, thanks anyway. They can't get another plane.
People like the idea of revenge. Have you ever heard the expression 'The best revenge is living well' I've said this, in other words it means supposedly the best way to get back at someone is just by being happy and successful in your own life. Sounds nice, doesn't really work on that Charles Bronson. kinda level. You know what I mean, those movies where his whole family gets wiped out by some street scum. You think you could go up to him, 'Charlie forgot about the 357 what you need is a custom-made suit and a convertible. New carpeting, french doors, a divan. That'll show those punks.'
There you go. That'll get you home in time.
You could do that?
Y'know these things are *really* hard to load...
(pleading) I got a date. C'mon, please.
I didn,t tell you to park in that lot .. Now someone's gonna have to drive you every time you need your car.? Take the bus!
I'm with people, I'll be with you in a moment. (Slams the door on Newman's face. Then tries to delay talking to Newman by keeping the conversation with George going) So, you want a protein shake, or something?
Done what?
Boys, boys.
Yeah.,
Good, good, good... What's goin' on?
Well, it's gonna make Mr Costanza very happy. (he hands the magazine to Elaine)
Why'd she get fired?
(apologetic) Aw, Mr Mandelbaum, I just wanted to come by and tell you how sorry I was that you hurt yourself.
No.
More heavy gravy?
Oh no. That was the dry heaves.
What did he come over to me if he didn't want to see me? I mean here I meet this guy this great guy, a baseball player, best guy I ever met in my life. .. Well that's it. I'm never giving my number out to another guy again.
Well, thats it. Look, Im going to Vermont. I dont want to think about this. Im selling.
Why don't you just work on George's project for a while?
Well, well, why are you getting rid of your refrigerator? (he gets up from the table and carries a dish into the kitchen)
L.A.?
No I haven't vomited in thirteen years.
(on phone) Hello. No she's not here. Okay, fine, whatever. I'll tell her. Okay. Goodbye. The stationery store guy called to say he ORDERED your pencil.
(looking at his nostrils) I don't...think so.
So what are calling me six times a day?
I'm sorry, uh-
How many sweaters you got on?
Kramer, there may be a problem with the phone, hold on. >click click<
I think you'll get it out.
So what are you going to do?
I heard he used to polish off a box of Triscuits.
Ohh!
Well, that was the worst.
There's no ping. Why are you so wacky?
I don't know, I guess it was on. I don't know my alarm sound; I'm not tuned in to it like it's my son.
No you can't. (hangs up the phone) Now let's cut the ball, sister! You think I don't know about you swapping spit with somebody yesterday on Columbus Avenue?
"Finders fee"? It was on the lot!
Me? What about you?
Interesting. She doesn't care for you, then a stern warning, suddenly a phone call. Seems Elaine's made you the bad boy. And Anna digs the bad boy.
What are you doing here?
"I'm hungry. Let's get something to eat."
How could you leave a message like that on my machine.?
I, uh...well...
Listen, uh I just remembered... Im... uh, getting a facial.
Tomorrow afternoon?
Yeah, yeah, take care of it. (Jerry throws her some toilet paper) Come on, George, what is it?
Its very bad.
Still got water in your ear?
I wonder.
Oh my god!!
No I don't.
That was an accident!
Beth and Arnie broke up.
Yeah, I know about the three dates.
What's so special up here?
Oh, man!
Its a list of excuses, its for that guy, Horneck, whos at the game tonight with my tickets. I have that list now so in case he calls, I just consult it and I dont have to see him. (Elaine laughs.) I need it. (Elaine starts writing on the list.) What are you doing?
Thank you.
of course you would
Ah.
Gee, I never thought of that.
I'll tell you what, there's 50 bucks in it for you if you do it.
hey where were you last night? I looked for you, I didn't see you
Try me.
oh you're afraid he might look like Zippy the pinhead
It was a bad jig, a terrible terrible jig. What are we gonna do now? They're gonna know you're not O'Brien.
Ya ya, I tell ya I could see it again.
No leer. (Elaine comes over to Russell's table.)
Uncle Leo.
You won't even taste it?
No, a dollar, two tops.
Is that my paper?
Patty Lawrence had 'em!
What a sorry exhibition that was. Alright, let me get the money back.
All right
Uh, I don't know, we used to go out.
You cannot buy half a can of soda.
Mine!
(Annoyed at the thought) Nobody hit anything off. She just gave me the box. (Looks over at Kramer. He is scraping the BBQ sauce off Jerry's clothes with a knife, then dipping some bread into it) What the hell are you doing?
O.K.!
Yeah, I washed it.
Oh there's a guy trying to get in front of me, he has to ask permission. Yes. Go ahead. Get in, get in.
I think the thing I admire most about the Chinese is that they're hanging in there with the chopsticks. Because, if you think about it, you know, they've seen the fork... by now. I'm sure they've seen the spoon, they're going, "Yeah, yeah, they're OK... We're going to stay with the sticks." I mean, I don't know how they've missed it, thousands of years ago, Chinese farmer gets up, has his breakfast with the chopsticks, goes out and works all day in the field with a shovel... Hello?... Shovel! Not going out there ploughing 40 acres with a couple of pool cues.
Well, you know what they say. Lucky in love, Unlucky with fruit.
Wow.
OH! Hey!!
Lomez is Jewish?
Oh, she's picking me up in a few minutes.
Uncle Leo, wait!
You know, if we bring Elaine in, it's going to be so many people to keep track of. It's gonna be too hard, I'll forget where everybody's standing, you, me, Kramer, the butler, it's too much.
Oh, he sang like a canary.
What, she gave me hives?
How come I haven't read about this?
Why? What did I do?
Yeah, yeah, alright.
Oh, nothing really, just a homicide. [She finds the right spot on his back] Oh that's terrific... Mulva.
Yeah, got it from the bank.
You know, she didn't really do what she was supposed to do.
It's not totally impossible.
It was sold out!
Go ahead, I'll take care of it.
Sorry!
Who needs that misty herbal rain water crap they sell in the health food store. I use Prell, the hard stuff. Hundred proof - takes your roots out. (pretends to pull hair out)
It's not complicated.
Brave new world, alright.
But I need the home bed advantage.
Ma! Ma! MAAA! (Hangs up the phone in disgust.) Oh, ahhhh (sighs quietly)
So I guess it's fair to say you've set different goals for yourself than say, Thomas Edison, Magellan, these types of people.
So the nurse was giving her a sponge bath?
Clever.
Yeah!
He's fantastic.
Oh, you know these jewellers, they're enigmas. They're mysteries, wrapped in a riddle.
What?
(tries to explain to Morty but Elaine then comes out of the guest room to get more luggage, so he fakes a conversation) ...but you know, look at the sun-dried tomatoes. Where were they five years ago? It just goes to show you. You never know what... huh (waiting for Elaine to go back in the guest room) you know... huh... What could happen to a vegetable. It could just take right off at any time. (Morty finally gets it. So Jerry goes on quieter) We've tried all kind of arrangements, but we can't seem to be friends when we sleep together.
No....
Hey, let me ask you a question. You met margaret. Doo you think Margaret's good looking? Um, she's a natural beauty. Oh, no makeup. I like that.
What about that Bavarian cream pie joke I told you? There's no truth to that. Nobody with a terminal illness goes from the United States to Europe for a piece of Bavarian cream pie and then when they get there and they don't have it he says " Aw, I'll just have some coffee." There's no truth to that.
(to himself) Once a week? (to Uncle Leo) So how's Lydia?
"We"? Since when are you a writer?
No, I do not challenge.
Yeah?
Yeah.
She did?
(matter-of-factly) Youre engaged.
And did they suspect anything?
Tell me something I don't know. So as the father's trying to load it he loses control of the car and it crashes into a high school cafeteria. Nobody's hurt but Pez is all over the car. And the dispenser was destroyed virtually beyond recognition.
(bitter) Not at the moment, Brett.
Very handsome.
Here. Take a look. What, what is that?
I don't understand, I made a reservation, do you have my reservation?
I wish I could, but, we're friends..
Bye.
Hey, what's going on over here?
No I haven't?
Oh, oh take it back. Let's get another one.
Well every day for the past four days she hasn't returned one call.
I'm right here. (note he has an athletic bandage on his right hand) You're late.
Where's Kramer?
Remember the guy who pretended he had cancer so O would buy him the toupee?
Give my best to Hinckley.
Look, I'm really getting tired off all the fighting. Maybe we should just end this before we really start hating each other.
Oh, what are you talkin' about?
Oh, I'm taking this lace out. It came undone and touched the floor of a men's room. That's the end of that.
Good idea. (phone's ringing, goes to it) (muttering) There's a beach towel on the rack.. (to phone) Yeah.
Hey.
Alright, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. (picks it up again)
Why?
My foot fell asleep.
I am. It was the world's first.
Do you see him?
It is not!
See, now I know it's not him. Joe DiMaggio could not be a dunker.
"...'cause you don't even make the slightest effort to offer happiness still know that I love you!!"
Kramer, put the paper down! You never listen to me anymore! We hardly even talk!
No.
I've got a black eye.
(points to George) Ya.
Oh no, nothing.
I dont know.. fifteen hundred dollars.
I think it has something to do with me.
No, no, no. I was just in the bathroom with that Bob guy.
Have you said anything to her about it?
I'm going to psyche myself into it like those people that just walk across the hot coals.
The meal is the act of sitting down with him. It doesn't matter what you get, as long as he's sitting in that restaurant, its a meal.
Yeah
George.
This is the meal ... so stock up buddy boy.
Uh huh... Yeah... Okay, thanks anyway... Bye.
Yeah. (pointing at Elaine as he goes into the bedroom)
I just wish I could figure out if this guy is trying to keep me out of Tuscany.
I think you know my policy.
How was it?
Babu?!
Hey, Elaine.
Is she?
Have you tried the hamentashen?
I told my uncle I had a stomach ache tonight. You think he bought that?
Wait. How does Horneck know you?
Seriously?
'I'm not here, leave a message.'
So, you're actually considering it?
Let's go out and celebrate! (they all get up)
Where's Celia?
No, George was there, he said he had a great time.
Uncle Leo?!
Alright.
Boy, you got a lot of stuff here. . . . Dad, what are you doing?
Wouldnt it be great if you could ask a woman what shes thinking?
(to Morty) What about you?
Hola.
No, that's the rule. It's optional.
Like a grandmother, why?
Ill drive you to the airport.
Take it.
(defensive) At least it was just the handle!
(Sarcastically) Well, it's like the Capulets and the Montagues.
Well, you're looking well.
I can't believe Kruger didn't fire you after all you did.
(emphatic) I'm not force-feeding myself a steak at four-thirty to save a coupla bucks, I'll tell you that!
Yes I know, I know.
But....
From what?
Too bad.
Yeah.. (Takes a bite of his sandwich as the waiter starts cleaning off the table) How ya doing?
Hey, where you going?
Why? He's harmless.
Oh and I've got some things of yours here.
"Caught" you? Doing what?
(firmly matter-of-fact) Get Rid of Susie. Make her disappear.
yeah
What are you gonna do with it?
What, you're considering this?
Oh, then I gotta tip him.
I came to pick you up.
Ah, just a couple of gals out on the town, shopping and gabbing.
Kra _ mer!
I'm going to the hospital, to visit Fulton.
Have I ever bought you a jock strap as a gift?
Sure.
Nah, I gotta go down to Leapin' Larry's.
No, never.
I dont need any more.
Hi
What do you mean?
This has 'international incident' written all over it.
Kramer, he's just a dentist.
But I went to the funeral.
No, c'mon Kramer. (crossing to Kramer) Gimme that picture.
Federal Express? Come on up. . . . Federal Express. I'm not expecting a package.
What?
He was 96 years old.
Over the bridge. (Making a pointing motion with his hand)
Yeah, Elaine I got something I want to say to you.
What happened, did you pass the stone?
What?
Boo!
Oh my stomach. I feel like I'm going to throw up.
What is that?
(walking towards door with Elaine) How long did you last? (opens door)
No, I guess shes still mad.
(stunned) Is that right?
Pretty good.
Oh, no!
If I wasn't there, I wouldn't have believed it.
(shocked) Your husband?!
Yeah, you know, Kramer, there's always a price to pay for just a sexual dalliance.
I think you're wrong.
I don't know.
Why are you calling my parents?
Why don't you get him some tickets or something, how about that friend of yours that works at the ticket agency.
There seems to be a bit of a discrepancy.
Nana called me to open the ketchup bottle.
NO.
I do a wash.
Happy Festivus!
Isabel, uh, I don't think this is working.
Let me ask you a question. If you named a kid Rasputin do you think that would have a negative effect on his life?
She's like a beautiful Godzilla.
Once I open the vault, it ceases to be a vault.
Oh, Drake's party, I forgot to buy a present.
Well, what kind of solid?
So, do the Ross's know?
Wow.That's hot.
Maybe you can get yourself a little bowtie flea collar.
We won. I made an incredible play in the field! There was a tag-up at third base and I threw the guy out from left field on a fly! Well be in the championship game Wednesday because of me. It was the single greatest moment in my life.
Ah, man! It's my father's wallet! The one he thought they stole at the doctor's office that time.
I dont know. What do you do when a neighbor is making, like, a lot of noise at three oclock in the morning? I mean, can you knock on someones door and tell them to keep it down? Youre really altering your whole self-image. I mean, what am I, Fred Mertz now? Whats happening to me? Can I do this? Am I a shusher? I used to be a shushee. Theres a lot of shushing going on in movie theaters. People are always shushing. Shh... shh... shhh... shhh... Doesnt work, cause nobody knows where a shush is coming from. They just hear a shh. Was that a shush? I think somebody just shushed me. Some people you cant shush in a movie theater. Theres always that certain group of people, isnt it? Theyre talking and talking, and everyone around them is shushing them, and shushing them. They wont shush. Theyre the unshushables.
What? I said right.
A deep, yawning chasm...
(To Guard) I just wanted you to scare him.
(Gesturing to Ellen) Kramer, George, this is Ellen.
Hi.
I can tell you what to do.
Why are we flyin' over the Andes?
It's alright, I want you to have it.
Big accomplishment.
Kramer?
No, shower. So, where are we eating?
Well, what about the ponytail?
What is that, a 12 gauge?
What is it?
You signed your name and you addressed the envelope, it's not like you painted the picture and wrote the poem.
Yeah, maybe I'll give it to Elaine.
(doing the voice) Wel-l-l-c-o-m-e!
The jewel thief?
She's not really the naked type.
August seventeen, nineteen-ninety-two. The same dress! She never changes! Oh my god. (looking around) She's gotta have hundreds of these dresses.
Now, the ending is kind of an option. I use the swirl. I like the swirl. I'm comfortable with the swirl. *I* feel the swirl is a great capper. He uses the pinch, which I find a little presumptuous.
Hello.
For fun.
I can tell you what to think.
Now.
You realize you're venturing into uncharted waters.
Yeah, nobody beats him. What kind of work does he do?
Elaine, what's the alarm clock situation in your house?
I can't believe I'm losing Pam!
The dog?
(reluctant) Kramer, I'm helping my parents move into their new condo. I'm gonna be busy.
Why?
(seeing Fredo's tombstone) Oh, my God. Here he is. I don't want to dig him up! (hands the shovel to Kramer)
No. No you're not.
Oh, well here. Take Whatley's label maker, I don't want to see it again.
I haven't been myself lately. I've been snapping at everybody.
everyone knows the first break-up never takes. (answers buzzer) Yeah?
My mother has never set foot in a natural body of water.
Hey, look, I'm going to pay for that.
You're going by 48th St. You can give me a ride.
(continuing) The extent of the damage would have been far less severe had paramedics been able to reach him sooner.
George too.
Hey, were kind of in the middle of something here. Would you mind coming back later?
The exact same outfit.
Its mostly water weight.
(yell) Move to the back of the drawers!
you moved into a hotel?
Whatever you want.
Mmm. Oh look Elaine, the black and white cookie.
Well, looks are so subjective.
What look?
Oh.
He killed. He only does well when he has me for a lead-in. He's a time slot hit.
And it's about nothing?
He was at a carnival with his mother. She goes to get a hot dog, next thing you know she turns around, boom, he's gone.
He said they had a good time.
(To Kramer) Thank you.
The bump into. The bump into always leads to the backslide.
Echh
Forget it.
Right, right, the tractor story.
This is no good. This is no good. Call her house.
So, Kramer pulled it off?
Oh! but I do. There's probably fleas crawling all over your little snack bar. ( as he says this Newman is wildly scratching behind his back. he suddenly stops when Jerry turns around)
(on the phone) Hello? Yes, I need an ambulance at one twenty nine west Eighty-first Street, apartment five-A.
That's it?
Why'd you have to eat so many?
Hello...Oh, hi, Laura.
Uh, he's this guy who used to live in the building and they keep calling us to see the baby.
Hey, you look awful.
What d'you call it?
Yeah?
Think of me as a doctor. (They go outside again)
So you keep it a secret your whole life, then at your funeral the mortician comes out (as mortician) 'Here, Mrs Costanza, I thought you might want this'. (as Mrs Costanza, horrified) Aahh!
Yeah, I took her home one night  we kinda started up a little bit in the car.
Oh, you must have been devastated being left for a wall.
Why would I leave? This is my apartment.
I met her one time...
You could be a fireman on a fire truck on the way to a fire. You bump into one of my relatives. 'I'm sorry Uncle Leo, there's a building full of people burning down. I really do have to be running.' He'll go 'Go. Go ahead. Go to your fancy fire. If that's what you have to do.'
...Guys?
She wants to say hi, she's with her new boyfriend.
Well, I had to talk to you - I noticed you haven't been returning my calls.
So how did this all happen?
That was Elaine , she changed her mind. She's not coming over.
Well, I'm certainly glad I brought it up. (Gets up and leaves.)
I don't have a washcloth.
Well I guess if I?m the Miana I should go. All right, all right.
(giving him a steak from the fridge) Here ya go.
With her hands.
(Looking at his watch ) Yeah..
That's very nice, I guess.
I asked because you were the mailman, you would know the neighbourhood.
No, I don't want that smell in the house.
Well. (calling down the hall) Call if you're gonna be late!
This is Lois.
No, don't be silly, I've arranged a car.
'Cause I've seen these pregnant women - and they sometimes misjudge their fetal girth. Just like one wrong turn, and boom! And entire buffet is swept off the table.
St. Elizabeth's Hospital? Why?
Uh.. It's not Poverotti.. It's not Domingo..
Yeah.
Kramer, I've driven to east Hampton many times, I know the exit.
No, no, I want to. I, I very much want to. I, I desire to. I, I pine to.
Hey. Could I use your shower?
That woman is absolutely stunning.
Yup.
Im Dan. Can I have my list back, please?
Elaine, you should admire me...I'm aspiring to date a giving person.
Come on! GEORGE is getting married!
Hey.
Yes, but--
If you were in the mafia, would you tell her every time you killed someone?
Booze is not a religion.
Yeah.
I'm not wearing the fur.
George, here's the book. Don't let anybody see it. Don't let anything happen to it.
Loni Anderson.
Come on. Take it. It's money. Let me give it to ya.
You know, if you don't bring a guest they save a catering. You should be able to buy a cheaper gift.
(Shrugs) Oops. (Continues walking along the route, whistling. Hands a newspaper to a homeless bum on the street, then keeps walking)
If I do it again, that extends my payment book another two weeks.
Are you just screwing with me?
Yeah.
Hey
Patty showed me how to get mad. You gotta problem with that?
Get away from me, I'm gonna call her.
Who you calling?
Well be sure to catch a Broadway show while you're in town.
Well, what do I do with the extra ticket?
Oh yeah? What did you talk about?
But you can't see, there's no lenses in those frames.
Marla?
Sounds like a really cool fort.
She broke up with you?
Hi Mr. Goldstein is Rachel home?
(annoyed) All right. (after a pause) Hey, you know what's weird?
It's just...
I'll take the first class.
Hey. What happened to you yesterday?
I got an idea.
I dont really feel that comfortable with a maid, either, because theres that guilt when you have someone cleaning your house. You know, youre sitting there on your sofa, and they go by with the vacuum, Im really sorry about this. I dont know why I left that stuff over there. And thats why I could never be a maid, because Id have an attitude. Id find them, wherever they are in the house, Oh, I suppose you couldnt do this? No, dont get up, let me clean up your filth. No, you couldnt dust. No, this is too tough, isnt it?
What is this, an Abbott and Costello routine?
Who is it?
What happened?
Where's Babu?
Hey, there's the old man! (hug)
Hey, what are you doing here? I thought you were baby-sitting at Vivian's.
I didn't even see the picture. How did it come out?
Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha.
Yeah. Let's go.
Have you noticed people staring at your head?
You stink worse than I do!
So yesterday, after they took you away, I looked in my mail and I noticed that the mailman accidentally put your Visa renewal in my mail box.
Why not? They could have met. She loves the park, he works for the Parks Department.
Oh no.
I didn't know that...
Well, an overnight stay in a hospital? Minor surgery? I dunno, four grand.
All the time?!
But you like this guy, isn't that what the sponges are for?
Hi, how are you, Elaine? I'm meeting George here.
So what? What would they care?
We're going to sign it. We're going to sign it. In fact George is out with the woman from NBC right now.
Ugh, the four worst words in the English language.
Where are you gonna get this mickey? I can't believe I'm saying "mickey"!
I mean, really, what is the big deal? We go in there. (Points to the bedroom) We're in there for a while. We come right back out here. It's not complicated.
Aww.
(weakly) A little better. (fake cough)
Yeah, that's him.
(Continuing reading) "The Human Fund. Money for people."
Right now.
A wallet? Let me see that.
Hi! How 'r u doing?
(to Elaine) Seriously, do you wanna switch chairs?
All right.
Well, a person that gives something and then they're dissatisfied and they wish they had, had never uh...
Y'know, I think I'll pass on the "Guys And Dolls"...
What do you think? I gave him my Pez dispenser.
Really? How late are they open?
And Barbara Mandrell's skateboard!
Y'hello.
She's at that annual Peterman party tonight. You know the one she danced at last year?
What kinda great friend are you? How do you go from snubbing to kissing?
I told him to meet us here in ten minutes. How long has it been?
"What about the Velvet Fog ?"
Hello? What? Yeah, sure, I'll do it. I just had something cancelled the same weekend. Ok. Great. Bye. (hangs up the phone; turns to Kramer) You know, life is amazing. I just lost a job and five minutes later get another, same weekend, same money.
Well, generally speaking you don't need any extra incentive to murder a dry cleaner. I wouldn't worry about that.
Sex, thats meaningless, I can understand that, but dinner; thats heavy. Thats like an hour.
oh I though you didn't care about his looks
Hey, Copernicus?
Hey.
You're not gettin' any skin, Kramer.
What made you resurrect that old idea?
Bit you?!
We just met.
Don't go a-knockin'.
Your mother reads your mail?
My moms down in Florida. Shes got uh one of those condos. Hot down there in the summer. You ever been down there?
No, no, not at all.
Look at him.
Hey Doc, check this out. [does an around-the-world with the Yo-Yo]
I don't smell anything.
Uh...that kind of comedy, that's a little broad for us.
Elaine. (Jerry puts his bags down, sits down on the couch, picks up the remote control and points it at the spot the TV usually occupies. The TV is not there. He continues to point the remote at random things around the room, searching for the TV.) ELAINE!
Well, I wouldn't put anything past anybody.
(pause) You're Donna Chang?
No, did you?
...Guess so.
Because the next day in the offices, people gather around the water coolers to talk about it, right?
Bug guy.
Absolutely.
Not to mention the end of Kramer's coffee table book.
No! He stole my move!
Hmm. So Cynthia's your mentor.
Okay..
What?
So George, how do I beat this lie detector?
Hey Alec
But you're going over there for dinner tonight, right?
Well, I'm calling this off right now.
Don't worry, it's not gonna happen again. Not if I have anything to say about it.
Kramer. (knock, knock, knock) Kramer.
You're beautiful.
So, who's gonna pull this thing?
So, Puddy, this is a pretty good move for you, huh? No more "grease monkey".
She didn't touch it.
Hey Seth. Man it is coming down hard out there.
There you are. Did you find him?
You bought a car because it belonged to Jon Voight?
Just put it under your shirt.
Ah, just remember when you see him tomorrow night to tell him that the waiter liked him.
Busboys are always changing jobs. That's the business. I know. I work with these guys. I tallk to them in the kitchen at the comedy clubs.
Hey, remember in college when you passed Lettick the test out the window? You became a legend after that. (stepping over Elaine then George's legs to get to the large blue chair and sits down.)
Boy, I'm surprised. (sarcasm) I would think Kramer would have a knack for moving pieces of a person's spine around.
Yeah, did a good job.
I didn't do anything.
Just, can I have my car? I wanna pay my bill, I'm gonna be on my way.
Hey.
Yeah, that's why I said hi.
You look like Brenda Starr.
C'mon Elaine, it's just a goiter...
Oh, man. You know what... they got the fudge on the bottom-- y'see? That enables you to control your fudge distribution as you're eatin' your ice cream.
Well well, if it isn't the first lady of the American Theatre. (Elaine smiles and rolls her eyes at him) What brings you here?
But you yada yada'd over the best part.
OK ... (nodding his head up and down) This is it cha know
To spite my parents?
Because he was brimming with confidence from the toupee.
"Jimmy's gonna put the moves on Elaine.."
Yeah, well, if you're getting him anything for his birthday, I'm alarge.
Well, what is it?
My stomach, I , think it was that cookie.
Really?
Forget it! The pilot was awful. It failed.
(A couple of days ago I used a public phone), go over time on the call, hang up the phone, walk away. You've had this happen? Phone rings. It's the phone company... they want more money. Don't you love this? And you got them right where you want them for the first time in your life. You're on the street, there's nothing they can do. I like to let it ring a few times, you know, let her sweat a little over there, then I just pick it up, "Yeah, operator... oh, I got the money... I got the money right here... D'you hear that? (taps on microphone) That's a quarter. Yeah, you want that don't you?"
Alright, will you pay for the cleaning?
oh! that's it I'm gonna put an end to this.
So as he's telling the story he starts crying.
What?
It's George. Wait 'til he hears we're going to the library
You know what? I'll be with you in a minute.
Well, is Elaine here?
Well that was really fun, thanks.
She happy for you?
Is that the same outfit you were wearing yesterday?
I told you.
Oh, I don't believe this.
Hi.
(Disappointed) Oh. Is George there?
Oh yeah, I knew.
Hi how are you?
You told her?
Well I...
Elaine is having a "houseguest." She's picking him up at the airport tonight.
I didn't mean to be funny there. Why don't you check the TV guide. I think uh, Holocaust is on.
No, let's survey first. Camp here.
Yeah. I mean, let's say this is your brain. (Holds lettuce head) Okay, from what I know about you, your brain consists of two parts the intellect, represented here (Pulls off tiny piece of lettuce), and the part obsessed with sex. (Shows large piece) Now granted, you have extracted an astonishing amount from this little scrap. But with no-sex-Louise, this previously useless lump, is now functioning for the first time in its existence. (Eats tiny piece of lettuce)
I know, but it's a very important wake-up call... and I don't wanna take any chances.
Yeah, but John invited her.
What, it...it's here in the building?
Hey, if you got any juice left, you might wanna roll by the big showcase tonight.
You know chicken salad is not the opposite of tuna, salmon is the opposite of tuna, 'cuz salmon swim against the current, (hand motion of the salmon swimming against the current) and the tuna swim with it. (hand motion of the tuna swimming with it)
(Slow whispering) This is a nightmare.
Why dont you ask that doctor what it is?
She's seen you in this thing.
My money's on the snooze. I bet he hit the snooze for an extra 5 and it never came back on. (Kramer enters with a bucket and starts filling it with water on the sink) Imagine your whole life riding on an alarm clock.
Well, actually, we did date for a while, but... it's really not relevant here.
Momentum - same thing.
(To George) Well, it's not about nothing.
You tip him?
Well, you gotta wean.
The tooth brush in the toilet bowl.
Hellooo Newman.
You know, Schumann went mad from that.
I thought there were two outs.
So what happened?
Hey hey hey, slow down Eddie. What what's the matter?
Really?
What about, what about this thing?
Oh yeah, right...
No, she thinks she's in love with him. But she's just remembering this old commercial.
George, George, hang on. I haven't seen you in so long.
Whoa!
You're saying something.
You raise the feet, get blood to the head.
(Sarcastic) Hey, that was really fun, George. Can we go home now?
Really?
Are you all right?
How did he find out?
Why? It didn't mean anything. I was just trying to join in so you wouldn't feel embarrassed.
Hey, uh, before you go, did you talk to Newman about getting that mail outta there?
Well, apparently you have a tremendous influence over this woman anything you say she does!
Really? Why?
(uncertain) Don't you hire people to do that?
Just go.
All the time. Ive been up there six times. They refuse to stop. I cant live like this. I dont know what Im gonna do. Im heading for breakdown! (to Harold) Cant you do something?
Keys?!
Svengali.
No, separated.
(hands up) I don't want it that way.
I, I'm not happy with what I wrote.
Come on up.
George, both parties don't have to consent to a break-up. It's not like you're launching missiles from a submarine and you both have to turn your keys. Obviously, you didn't make a convincing case. Let me hear your arguments.
Yes, I do.
Oh, I'm gonna puke.
Well, we fight a lot for some reason.
No.
Yeah, it's funny!
(Gestures to his forehead) Youre getting that vein again.
Look at this poor guy. His family is probably in Pakistan -- they're waiting him to send back money. This is horrible.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm..
Hey, thanks a lot for lettin' me stay here.
Check these out. These are Jerry Lewis' old cufflinks that he actually wore in the movie "Cinderfella". I got 'em at an auction.
Do I know you?
Take it easy, you guys, just spread out! Don't worry about it, if anything was wrong she would have called you already!
Take a look at this card. Tell me if you notice anything unusual about it.
Who are you, Mannix?
It completely turned her off.
But?
So what are you up to?
I can't. The car's at the mechanics.
I told it. (Answers the buzzer) Ya?
Well at least you and I are okay again.
Ive got a ballpark.
Oh, I'll tell her I met some guy who knew her and he gave it to me.
Ow! Sharp key.
Never mind Uma, I need that ticket to get my mother's fur coat back. Why don't you just give him the money for the suit?
It makes no sense now, me being Murphy.
Oh, I told him he'd never make it. He was up all night! Oh my god...Kramer?
Hello?
It's better than Dondi.
Oh, then I lost interest.
Id rather not say it out loud. Its embarrassing.
So she just left the office - didn't say a word to you about anything?
Wait a second... My jacket! I wore that in the car! The Beast!
Well, with so many people in the world deprived and unhappy, it doesn't seem like it would be fair to be cheerful.
You should try this.
She wouldn't so much as taste it.
First of all you don't even know technically that I went. That's for starters. I mean I could've been pouring a bottle of water out there. You don't know.
Well, that's the thing. It was completely mutual.
I don't think you will. As a matter of fact I'll save you the trouble. I'll do it myself.
He's George!
I know, I feel bad about that...
Well, you know, frankly, I don't think she was too concerned about my jacket.
Fine, if I'm off yours.
(thumbing through his mail) Uh oh.
No, you wait for the movie!
(resumes) ...you know, make a good impression.
Women aren't like us.
It's the twirling that dazzles the eye.
What are you saying? . . . Salad! What was I thinking? Women don't respect salad eaters.
Oh, don't worry about it. Very talented, very takented young actress.
O.K., soon as Elaine gets here.
I'm coming down.
What calls?!
How do you know?
What, again? Kramer, if you keep getting these attacks, you should see the doctor and have it checked out.
All right, go, it's a race! Come on!
"Is this guy a dentist or Caligula?"
Take some of mine.
Where's Kramer?
And if you do?
I don't have it. You want half my omelet? (holds his omelet plate up to Bania)
Too dumb?
Sure, Beth, these things happen. (Brief pause) So, have you told many.. people yet?
I like your nails, that is a great color.
(picks up newspaper, turns to George) You always take the shirt off?
Oh I can't. They revoked my membership. Newman too. You know, we can't go anywhere near there.
Ah, just, you know, I don't know. Stuff, I gotta do. (grabs coat and throws it over his shoulder)
Hey. What's the matter?
(pointing out the obvious) George, you've got Danielle. Forget about Neil. You've out-Neiled him.
That is one place on my wardrobe I do not need sharp interlocking metal teeth. Its like a mink trap down there. (beat) What are you doing today?
Yeah, yeah...you can have it tomorrow.
Well, it has nothing to do with you.
Having a cup of coffee.
All right.
It's a used car, he probably never changed the presets.
Awright, let's eat already.
Elaine, the guy's Jewish two days, he's already making Jewish jokes.
Bad.
Something, isn't it?
Another Caf Latte?
Looters.
I wouldn't worry about it. (People on sidewalk behind them are doing her dance as they go)
Sorry, I don't have any cash.
Uhm, hold, hold on a second. (pauses counting) I'm, I'm sorry, I didn't hear what you said.
Ready?
She hasn't told her father yet?
This friendship Its not working.
(to the phone) Oh, its you again. See, now if you had answered me, I wouldnt have had to do this. Now thats two long distance calls I made to you why cant you... (The guy hangs up on Jerry again; to nobody) Why? Why do they just hang up like that? Thank you very much.
Not on purpose. I was hoping there would be a name on the tube. When are you seeing him again?
How much is it?
Gwen?
Certainly not.
(Sarcastic) Oh, yeah, that's right, well, you fell asleep one day on the sofa and I took them off your stinkin' feet. They looked so good to me, I just had to have them!
Why will she still do it? She hates you now. People don't do you favors after you dump them.
And that waist cincher, that was the topper!
Back together?
You spent the night at James's? Did we?
(opens the door for George) Where did you get that?
Boy, they really worked on your pectorals.
You were saying Stan? I-I'm sorry about that.
Why didn't you use the bathroom in the building?
(looking at the TV) Look at the picture on this thing...
No its
Come on. How was your date?
(hits button) Come on up. (opens door a little)
Not at all.
What did you do about them?
Hey. Wh-What'd you got, a smoker's lounge in there?
C'mon. Just sit down!
I thought you didn't want the doormat.
Alright. It's in the top drawer. Hurry up. (Kramer goes to get the suit. Elaine enters.)
Is this a repeat?
I can't sit on this bus anymore. I think I'll go play with that dog.
(taps George's chest) Hey, here you go. 'Hey, Reilly. The zoo called. You're due back by six.'
Kramer, do you know what I had to go through to get these?
Yeah. Well, I don't know if I'm happy for them, I mean I'm glad they're happy, but, frankly, that doesn't do anything for me.
Oh, look at this, I stepped in gum.
You got the tickets?
You know, you should just go back to the optical store and ask Dwayne if he knows the name of the owner of the dog.
Really? Did you hear that? Somebody else was killed!
(Frustrated, he reacts) Everybodys ripping me off!
Excuse me. (Woman ignores him) Excuse me? (Still ignores him) Oh that's nice. That's right ignore me. That's real polite. Yea nobody's even talking to you. All you big lineswoman. Oh you've got some kind of a cool job. I know your type thinking your too good for everyone, but it's women like you (woman turns around and notices him) oh well, what are you deaf?
No no no, you see the girl there, with the long hair?
She says she's not going to play up that angle of the story. She thinks we're heterosexual. [sarcastically] I guess we *fooled* her. I'll get rid of her, hold on... >click click< Sharon? Hello? Sharon, are you there? >click click< I'm back...
Yeah. And she picked the day!
I don't know  six three.
Hello, Newman.
No, I ate the whole plate. I didn't know those little things were garlic. I thought they were peanuts.
Swinging? What are you, out of your mind? Look at you, you're disgusting. You're bald, you're paunchy, all kinds of sounds are emanating from your body twenty-four hours a day. If there's a woman that can take your presence for more than ten consecutive seconds, you should hang on to her like grim death. Which is not far off, by the way.
I don't know.
Yeah, so how's my money?
Well, it's almost six now. Can't we just wait til he goes home?
That guy Elaine's dating seems really familiar to me. I think he may have been a comedian I worked with one time. Wait a minute, what is this?
Hey! Hey Mick.
Ey, ey!
Now thats not fair! So where did you meet this guy?
Hello. Oh, hi mom. Yeah, I was at Nana's yesterday. I had to help her open a ketchup bottle. Hey, mom, let me ask you a question. Do you remember when you were a kid, your father winning like a thousand dollars at the track? (listens) Really? Did you know he gave uncle Leo a hundred dollars, and he was supposed to give you fifty? (listens) How do I know? Because Nana doesn't know what year it is, and she thinks this just happened. (listens) Well, I think you should. Okay, bye.
No, why should I? I wear boxers.
Look, Mr. Bookman. I--I returned that book. I remember it very specifically.
You don't touch the nose! You don't aspire to reach the nose. You don't unhook anything to get to a nose, and no man has ever tried to look up a woman's nostril.
What for?
Kramer, I can't believe we're grave robbers.
(smiling) Yeah
A gun?!
Some of us.
I didn't hit puberty til the 9th grade. That's what gave me my speed. Besides, if I got a head start why didn't Mr. Bevilacqua stop the race?
(impatient) Gone! (starts maniacally laughing) (briefly stops to point and explain) That bumper sticker.
You kissed her?
Ah. It's a lovely little bureau and breakfast you're running. Well, I'm off to the bank.
So, dad, lemme ask you a question. How many people work at these big law offices?
Babu, may I say something?
Oooh.
Come on George, just loosen up.
Where do you *get* this?
So why don't you leave it at Newman's?
C'mon.
What if my life depended on it?
This may be the most perfect jacket I have ever put on.
They look like keys, George. They look exactly like keys. (In disgust) "What do they look like."
I know, I know.
You did?
(Trying to change the subject away from Nina) Hey - Hey Kramer, what are you doing? You want to borrow something? You want to eat something? Come on in!
Well, he flinched, sort of.
I'm telling you the guy's a drunk, he's probably on a bender.
Maybe a little. Ah, hell, I guess it is.
Would you excuse me a minute? Im gonna go to the bathroom. Ill be right back.
(not interested) Oh, I'm sure they are.
So ah, what did you do last night?
All right. (picks up the alarm clock) Let's check out the clock. Notch good... 650... volume check. (music playing, he starts swinging) What kinda music you wanna wake up to? Top 40, classical...
Yeah, only for a while.
Yeah but theres a problem. I found a tube of a fungicide in her medicine cabinet.
They're not going back to Florida. They're moving here.
I didn't actually want to rent it.
How could you swim in that water?
Lets hear yours.
Oh?
I'm sorry, really.
(pause) If I get it for you, will you take me to that club an' show me a good time?
Yeah, Elaine's gonna do the same thing to Puddy's radio that the radio did to her.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali.
You know, you're little hair hat there.
Named Sharon?
(hanging up the phone) Oh! There's my Chinese food, I gotta run. All you.
Because this world is your sanctuary and if that world comes into contact with --
You put blood in the car?!
All right, look, we're late. Thank you very much...
I can start right away.
If only the coin hadnt hit the table.
Well, why not?
Poppy told me to talk to his cousin, he lives down in Little Italy.
That Pam! I am ga-ga over her!
You won't.
Very strange.
Okay, starting...NOW!
So you're not gonna come?
A bigger bill?
Hear that? Guess who's back. (Opening the door) Hey!
(giggling)
He's good, you're not.
Open my vault?
Theres nothing to get.
Yeah!
You should have her work on it for you.
George.
(to George) You know, I'm thinking about getting a yo-yo.
It must take a really really big zit, to kill a man!
Its uh okay.
What in god's name is going on here? Is she wearing the same thing over and over again? Or does she have a closet full of these, like Superman? I've got to unlock this mystery.
Yeah.
Well, no. Sharon Besser, of course.
You want him?
I was out in the snow last night.
Oh. thank you.
So how come you're not going over there for dinner?
Nice to see you. This is Elaine.
How d'you know?
Ok, I'll see you around the building.
I read.
All right.
So George. Remember when I told you Nikki gets whatever she wants. We are at the movies last night. It's sold out. Nikki goes and talks to the manager. Right in.
Kramer, how are you gonna cook Jewish delicacies for a hundred and eighty-three people?
So where you gonna sleep?
(A NEW TACK) All right, all right. I want to apologize. I was frightened, I said crazy things. I obviously offended you. I insulted your intelligence. The uromysitisis, the water bottle...I made it all up, and now...I'm going to tell you the truth. Today my father and mother are celebrating their fiftieth, well I'm jumping ahead here, their forty-seventh wedding anniversary. We made arrangements to spend the evening together. They are supposed to be in front of my building at six-fifteen.
Hey.
Why don't you call Steve D'Jiff, he works in the marketing department at Calvin Klein. In fact he's a good friend of John Mollika and Richie also.
Come on up.
What?
No, I didnt!
Oh, that adopt-a-highway thing.
(to himself) Last one.
Let go, Farfel! Let go, gimme that! Gimme the sneaker you stupid idiot! Shut up! (to Elaine) So what would you do?
Im no cat killer.
Uh, here I guess, an' uh, uh I went out and picked up a paper.
(thinking) Great. Thanks.
(Apologetically) Oh, I'm sorry. Maestro.
No, Uncomfortable? Not at all. (ASIDE TO ELAINE) My friend's wife's breast sticking out - why would that make me uncomfortable?
Were friends.
What are you talking about?
I know.
Come on up.
I'd accuse you of cheating, but I don't know where you'd hide the tiles.
I feel terrible. (Kramer smiling) I mean, Ive seen her a couple of times since then, and I know I cant go any further, but... Shes just got this like, psychosexual hold over me. I just want her, I cant breathe. Its like a drug.
What?
You know Dad just called me.
A beard?
Hello, this is Jerry Seinfeld. Is Elaine there?
I dont think so.
Oh, is this a bit?
Is it Famous Ray's?
If I was a woman I'd be down at the dock waiting for the fleet to come in.
Yeah.
I've never been able to figure out why they make these bizarre toilet seats that they have. You know, like those clear Lucite ones, with all the, the coins in it? It's a lovely tribute to our past president, by the way. It's not bad enough Lincoln got shot in the head, we gotta pull down our pants and sit on him, too. It's just incomprehensible that you would buy a thing like this, you install it on your toilet seat, and this says what about you? "Well, I can't afford to just throw money down the toilet, but look how close I am!"
You might regret that, because the money my wife spends on clothes...
She says I suppress my emotions.
Grandpa clothes, I cant wear em.
And then?
I knew this would happen.
Oh, like what, Ovaltine? Why do dogs drink out of the toilet? Shopping carts with one bad wheel?
It's not like she's *in* the movie.
To be polite? You are insane!
Hello? Yeah, this is Jerry Seinfeld. What? No. No! No! No!! No!!! Thank you. (Hangs up.) I don't believe this. They've added Bania to the network showcase and he's going on right after me.
(uncertain) Yeah. I'm holding the baby.
(handing his dad a gift) Well, as long as I'm up. Dad, I got you a birthday present. Here. Happy Birthday.
You don't know?
So what? You're entitled.
The coffeeshop?
So then as I was getting out of the car, ...
I always feel bad for the silver medal winner in the Olympics. How do you live with that the rest of your life? People are gonna keep asking, "- How much did you lose by? - I don't even know...! It was like...(very fast) now.now...now.now..now..was like, like... now..now..now...! It was it...! Eh, it was it and I lost. I trained, I worked out, I exercised, I did everything, I was doing push-ups, sit-ups, I never did anything but exercise and work out for 20 years, I flew half way around the world and aaaaaaaaaah!...(showing a tiny distance between his index and thumb) And that was...it was a photo-finish! Silver...(stretching his neck forward)...gold. If I had a pimple, I would've won.
Wild pack of teenagers, huh?
Hi
Seth?
Well, you used to sit in that hot tub?
What? What happened to your face? It looks like an old catcher's mitt.
It's not good.
How am I gonna fill two hours?
Now what did you ask me again.
Maybe he's just a guy with a nose like this. (holds his nose up like a pig) You know a lot of people have a nose like this, they're not necessarily pig-men.
If you feed him, he'll never leave.
No I can't she didn't leave her name or number.
Okay, question #8. What if I told you my fiancee left me for another man? Does that make me more likable, less likable, as likable? Let's start over here this time.
You know, if you really want to test him out, why don't you try the old Jerry Lewis trick?
Nah, Ill go get the robe.
I thought that new promotion was supposed to be a lot more work.
Actually, that is not a bad idea.
(indistinct) Got all this?
Boy...
Yeah. Specifically 930 shows. Seen any good 930 shows at the Paragon, Willie?
You can't come up with your own stuff , so you *steal* other peoples? You're nothing but a hack.
There's a naked woman across the street.
Hi.
What is the pony? What is the point of the pony? Why do we have these animals, these ponies? What do we do with them? Besides the pony ride. Why ponies? What are we doing with them? I mean, police dont use them for, you know, crowd control. (Jerry crouches down, and makes like hes riding a pony.) Hey, uh, you wanna get back behind the barricades. Hey! Hey, little boy. Yeah, Im talking to you. Behind the barricades! So somebody, I assume, genetically engineered these ponies. Do you think they could make them any size? I mean, could they make them like the size of a quarter, if they wanted? That would be fun for Monopoly, though, wouldnt it? Just have a little pony and you put him on the... Baltic, thats two down, go ahead. Hold it. Right there. Baltic. Yeah, thats it. Fine. Right there, hold it right there.
Now you say something else and they won't yell at me 'cause they thought I was checking with you.
Listen buddy,
Aw, we didn't go. Sheila and I are kind of on the outs.
Cause if you don't get that return, that's a pretty big matzoh ball hanging out there.
I cant blame you. I cant believe she never called you back.
Trust me, you're off.
Are you okay?
Hello, Christie? I was wondering if we could get together again? (listens) Oh really? Well you can't break up with me over the phone. C'mon, you gotta do this in person. It doesn't even have to be one on one, you can bring a group of friends. I just wanna see you. Wait, don't hang up on me. (hurriedly) Why d'you wear the same dress all the time? Hello.
Really?
Why should I be uncomfortable just because my apartment is closer to town hall than yours?
Is it padded?
Oh, it's okay, it'll be okay.
No, no......(long pause . they stare at the walls) Hey uh.. you want to see a movie?
No.
(standing in the bathtub) Now my sense of it is that you're probably wasting time working piecemeal, first cleaning one area, then another.
You mean that?
Never. (The elevator door opens.) Wait a second. Thats her. On the right.
What?
Understand you had a little talk with him too.
Another time? What other time?
Where do you want to go?
Compact, lipstick, all this?
My act? Wha-What does that have to do with anything?
Well, it's false advertising, see? And the thing is, I think she likes people thinkin' she's Chinese. She suggests Chinese food. She always introduces herself as "Donna Chang"...
No, but in one point he did use the bathroom.
Yeah, that would give him some height, be able to check things out. With a back or without.
Hey you know we were just talking about you.
So, did these thieves want any money?
Well, he's a musician. I guess they're supposed to be very, you know, uninhibited and free.
What?
Whatley. (Like "Newman")
Did she do the little kicks and the thumbs?
Oh... No, that's ridiculous.
Ah, just - takin' a little break.
Oh, how you doing? Nice to meet you.
Well, I'm doing the PBS show, so during the show they're gonna be running the Ken Burns baseball thing. So I thought if I could get a baseball player to come on the show with me...
No argument. Unless, she's one of these multiple sneezers, and he's holding his 'God bless you' in abeyance, until she completes the series.
Yes. I was using them to spit out the mutton.
Yeah, you're right. It's just a natural human function...happens to be on my sofa, instead of in the toilet, where it would normally be.
We don't hear that. (They enter the elevator)
There's nothing pleasant about it, so lets just cut the crap.. You gave me fleas. I know it and you know it..
Don't you see what's happening here? It's attached itself to me! It's alive!
Oh hi, Katie.
What, Elaine?
Bye.
We have tickets, we just don't have 'em with us.
So, are you going to leave?
No kidding?
(sits on the back of the couch) Oh my god.
That is the sound of you buying a whole can. And the same goes for this, okay...
Well, I can't sleep with that noise.
But Kramer, cockfighting is an illegal and immoral activity.
No.
Come on, you gotta let us in
So it's over?
did you say flinty?
Hi. Ah look, I know I don't have an appointment but it's really important that I talk with Julianna.
No. She wouldn't say anything. She just kept shaking her head like this (Imitating Audrey)
(extemporising) Well, I can't stay under my own name. I was registered under Slappy White.
Kramer you don't under the conversion rate.
(doing the voice) La la la.
Boy, am I glad to see you.
She's at it as you get. Imagine bumping into her on the street in five years with a husband. And she tells me he's a sculptor, they live in Vermont...
Everything?
Elaine.
Well, I'm sure that they can deliver it to your apartment.
Right. I forgot about choir.
(Again, we hear his thoughts) There's some hot air blowing in here..
[not losing a step] Heeeeyyyyyyyy..... [and out the door]
Oh, beautiful.
Well I?m looking forward to meeting him.
No, I believe it's next week.
Well, I know she doesn't want to have kids. (Newman considers the implications of this.)
Was it in the trash?
Kramer, they think I killed Fredo! (Kramer gestures sympathetically) And who buries a bird?
Do you realize his obsession with you cost us a TV series?
I think that's for the best.
(looks round) Don't worry, I'll get you out.
I think Ive played there.
No no. I'm just saying.
You know
No, just Meryl.
So, what did she have to say?
Eh, we had a little fight about the move. I took her to this other place. I think they might be trying to screw me.
Why? It's our first date, she's already in reruns?
Why didn't you eat it in the cab?
A bad side, an ugly side.
You get in the bubble with him?
Im in for five...
(thinking) So, what am I looking at here? Twenty-nine hours to go. Well, at least I got plenty of time to find out the name of that perfume...
Oh, the "triangle" guy.
There's a woman over there that looks really familiar. Dark hair, striped shirt?
Well, there was so much snow. The roads were closed. I really appreciate it - you picking me up. Thanks again.
115.
Oh yeah? I dont believe youve seen... this.
Well, they told me that I got more blood, so I guess I owe you again.
This guy's belching out vitamins..
Uh?
Yeah, but how could you be so sure?
(laconic) We're already in a hospital.
Are you all right?
No question about it.
You drew up plans for this?
Well, you should probably ask, because if he's gonna be coming over with those Paccino's pizzas...could be trouble.
Investigation?
What do you mean he's bootlegging the movie?
He's gonna talk into her other ear.
Well, I...
O-K. You realize of course, you're naked?
Yeah.
There are four different levels. Maybe we're on the wrong level. How long was the escalator ride up?
What, are you kidding? It's a golden opportunity to advance the relationship. She's crying, you put your arm around her and console her...you're the consolation guy!
Just break up with him?
(indifferent) Yeah, we'll see.
Hey, you'll never guess who I bumped into. This guy Clyde. He's in your friend John Germaine's band there.
Youre gone all right.
Bye.
Oh, no. George, please. What are you going to do?
It's pathetic. . . . hey, is it cold out?
(Trying to get George and Kramer out) No. You three all know each other. There's no point in me getting involved at this stage of the game.
Yeah, get this, he tells me there are no houses any where in Tuscany to rent.
Hey!
A lesser man would have crumbled. They would have gone for the dish and the sure fire sexual-harassment suit.
So, Kramer, you wanna go to the party together?
Hello Newman.
Hey.
Where?
Well, they were humiliated. I mean after the impeachment, my father left office in disgrace.
She doesn't have toe thumbs.
This actress playing Elaine, she's out of her mind.
What's your airport route?
He's a ringer!
(surprised) He said that?
All right. On your bed. You got a headboard? You'll need a headboard.
Look Ramon, about the other day. Im sorry if I offended you. I get a little crabby on the subway.
Hey, wh-what--
How did you know they were defective?!
Well, from what I can piece together, our friend here met a gentleman.
You said "gloves"...
"Wait a second ..Where you wearing those shoes in the cab?"
What?
uh uh because then it would be all grown up.
Hmm, So?
Well you've really built yourself up into something.
Yep. Since college. (Looks at Kramer's AIDS walk list.) Hey, Lena Small's on this list.
"The guy?"
Yeah, maybe.
A circus?
Having her in jail.
So, even though you're not really going out with this guy, he's cheating on you?
You have no idea how your life is gonna improve as a result of this. Food tastes better. The air seems fresher. You'll have more energy and self confidence than you ever dreamed of.
I guess.
No.
So very gorgeous.
No. What happened to you?
Boy... I dont know.
Yeah, yeah. Sometimes shes on time, and... sometimes shes late.
You and me.
He's joking.
(under his breath) Well, this worked out just as I had hoped.
You know I never though he would be able to recreate the experience of actually knowing him, but this is pretty close.
What do you think the worst part of being blind is?
First you make a cell-phone walk-and-talk, then she loses a call-waiting face-off, now you're talking about a plane call?
With you two guys at the helm. The last piece of the puzzle is in place.
Thanks.
Am not.
That?s what I?ll do, I?ll just call him and tell him, I?ll tell him. That?s all I?ll do. He's a human being, I?ll talk to him. He'll understand. Right?
You don't think...?
No I meant the bald cure. We were talking about the bald cure.
Uh-huh, yeah. (Smiling, nodding, clearly wanting Bryant to shut up)
Mr. Marbles?
Ah, I should have got the egg white omelet.
Poppy sent me to see you Mr. Giggio.
Aye, aye.
Tub is love.
"Hey! Hey! Watch it.!... You're drooling all over the floor. How much Novocaine did that guy give you."
Let me see that. (Jerry looks at the tag.) That is high.
Yeah, Kramer. K-R-A-M-E-R. Uh, I don't know, wavy? George, how would you describe Kramer's hair?
Actually it's being taken care of right now.
Of course. It's garbage.
You'll never say that to her face.
Oh that's nice, kind of a hard-labour fantasy camp.
Good. And Ill tell you what... You dont have to pay me back the thirty-five I gave to the chiropractor for the rest of your bill.
Shut up, George.
No, "yada yada" is good. She's very succinct.
What is the point of all this?
Bye, Dad. Take it easy.
Oh, hi Rita.
He's in Pakistan.
Is not.
You're a lunatic.
Hey, no one's got a gun to your head.
Hey! Greg
"Hest"? That's not a name.
Wow, poison control? That's even higher than number one!
Unbelievable!
Oh my god, you're kidding. (dives for his wallet) Hang on a second. (reading from his registration) It's JVN 728.
Second of all, Jerry Seinfeld - big or little - doesn't go down for anyone, anywhere, at anytime! Now I'd appreciate it if you please leave.
How ya doin'?
Yeah.
Kramer, Kramer, what is this?!
Oh, he's okay. In fact him and Elaine are getting ah, pretty chummy. Now Elaine wants me to buy some of his art. (opens the fridge and gets a bottle of water.)
How can I want it now, if you want it?
I'm telling you man, I'm losing it.
(pushing her) How did you get that?
You like Bania's act. You're a closet Bania fan!
Come on up.
Frankly, I'm a little concerned.
(to Kramer) Uh... may I help you? (wondering what the hell's Kramer doing)
Who is it?
You might have the job, but you'll never know it. What kind of company is it?
So you're having sex and then all of a sudden, you just blurt out Im giving you a raise.
I'm sorry.
Oh my god, Lorraine... that's Lorraine from my uncle's office. I'm in big, big trouble.
Elaine huh?.. She's completely..
Well, there's nothing left. There's no food.
(looking at the cop) What is he doing? Is he getting coffee? I think he's getting coffee.!
They lost.
I don't know what to believe! You're eating unions, you're spotting dimes, I don't know what the hell is going on.
I think I got someone!
The wedding is off? What happened?
They're next to the poker chips.
This woman is bending my mind into a pretzel!
So tonight are you going to make the move?
That's not funny Naomi.
Again, I'm really sorry about the check, Marcelino.
Not today, pal.
No, it starts in five minutes. You were there at the taping, what's the big deal?
Oh uh, Kramer, this is Donna.
The whole thing was taking out of context. It was a joke. (The phone rings.) Thats probably Uncle Leo.
(As George is leaving for the donuts) Au revoir, Le George.
I know, George told me.
What am I doing here? You're in the women's dressing room. I need that ticket stub back so I can get my mother's fur coat out.
Right upstairs.
Please.
'...downtown.'
Uh, next week.
What're you talkin' about?
Uh-huh...
Maybe it just wanted to change positions? You know, shift to the other side.
So when do I meet this jerk?
Half of show business is here.
Well what happened?
We split it.
You mean golf?
Those two?
What?
So you don't care if I die.
Kramer!
(Nodding) I think you may have something there.
I never shouldve gotten involved in this. Im a nervous wreck. Im not cut out for investing.
Then we'll make it the eight.
Yeah!
But you're going to have to go get em. I'm not carryin' them all.
Thats comforting. Shh. Hes coming. (to Ray) Ray?
Hey Sid.
How long has your car been sitting in the Yankee parking lot?
Charity?!? That's apalling.
Yeah, maybe they should throw in a couple of lamps too.
What about stone washing? You ever witness one of those? That must be something. What? Do they just pummel the jeans with rocks?
All right. I'll be right there., Conrad I gotta go.
No, no. It-It's really funny. There's these two guys-
No, no, of course not! People's personal sexual preferences are nobody's business but their own!
Come on, take them. You could take Bonnie.
Elaine, you cannot judge a person on a situation like that. I mean it's like asking for someone's canteen in the desert
Why didn't you shave this morning?
Yes it is.
I'm Jerry Seinfeld.
Yeah, me too.
I know, I know.
What?
Elaine you're missing the whole point.
Oh, hi Brett.
You think that's funny?
Yes. Yes I am! (to Helen) What else did she say on the phone?
Hiya, Jack.
Oh! Taht's judgment. Yes, yes. Judgment with earrings on. Yeah.
'...downtown.'
Why? Is that what he told you?
What?
It wasn't Whitey Fisk, was it?
What am I supposed to do? I don't want to do it. I like dogs. I'm not sure this is a dog.
You know, furniture.
Where am I going to look?
Just me?
Susan's parents? When's the last time you talked to them?
Really?
Oh, great! Alright. (We hear the announcers calling the game.)
What?
Yes, I know, I know.
So I'm glad we had a talk and worked this out. Don't you feel this is better?
Why dont you make a point with your own doctor? (George gulps.) Whats wrong?
I just thought ahh maybe I could talk to Roy, if um
Okay.
(on phone)Yes, I'm trying to get a copy of a receipt for a computer that I bought there.... it was 1987 ... I remember I talked to a guy - he had like a maroon sport jacket - and he might have had a toupee - oh, it was a weave - ok uh, then I'll come bye ok, bye.
Come on,c'mon
What's with this airline? What are you, cutting out the drinks now?
What's the matter?
What about Puddy?
Me neither. I love the previews. In fact I enjoy being in the theatre cut up(?). Last week after a preview, I yelled out 'Must miss'.
So you're never gonna have sex again?
Yes, bye.
Well, it's a spider.
Uh, no. Should I have?
You know, I remember when we parted company, I was babbling incoherently for months.
You know, I don't get it. Not allowed to ask a Chinese person where the Chinese restaurant is! I mean, aren't we all getting a little too sensitive? I mean, someone asks me which way is Israel, I don't fly off the handle.
Hello, Karen? It's Jerry Seinfeld. Oh, that's very sweet of you. You know, you better be careful, you don't want to get too congenial. They'll slap that "Miss Congeniality" on you, and you'll congene yourself right out of the contest. So, what time do you want to get together later? What? So what, we don't need the chaperone. (To George) The chaperone can't make it. (To Karen) Oh, you're not gonna get disqualified! So, we're not going? (Kramer enters.) Hold on one second. (To Kramer) Hey, what are you doing tonight?
Too late for that.
That's him.
Oh, well, I didnt actually go with Ramon. I just bumped into him there. (putting on coat)
I'd better call the car phone company, cancel my service.
What?
You dont think... What? The pony remark?
Oh! So you were swimming in the pool, and you wanted some gum.
Maybe cheapness is a sense. You know it is better without this big wallet. It's more comfortable.
Yeah, that's what you did...I can't believe I got another session with Izzy Mandelbaum, he's probably makes me box a kangaroo.
Well, I like Gabe Kaplan.
What?
Hey, guess what? Remember that woman you saw me with the other day? You know, she used to be an Olympic gymnast?
How could you not believe me?!?
I couldn't believe it. Uh, I mean I thought I was entering a "magical world" of sensual delights, but it was just so ordinary. I mean, there was nothing gymnastic about it.
Whatd'ya mean I stink?
All right.
Well, I don't know about the reading.. We didn't discuss the reading.
Yeah?
You're something. So anyway, when they were in my house before, I didn't offer them anything to drink.
Hey, listen, so we'll meet you and Susan at the movie tonight?
You've caught your mother opening envelopes!
What do you do?
I'm sure it didn't move.
Yea, ya, so...anyway what was I talking about.
Babu? Babu...[waves Babu to come to table] Babu...you know, I got to tell you, I never do this, but the shrimp, it's just, it's a little stringy. You have any chicken?
(chewing) Mmm, different. Where'd you get it?
I don't know! How am I supposed to know?!
Can't you shut the shades?
You mentioned the raisins.
Why'd you get him a gift anyway?
I think the only reason we go to the dry cleaner is so I can say to the dry cleaner, Well, its ruined. And of course, the dry cleaner can respond, Its not our fault. Were not responsible. We just ruin the clothes. That ends our legal obligation. You see, the whole problem with dry cleaning is that we all believe that this is actually possible. Th-Right? Theyre cleaning our clothes, but theyre not getting anything wet. Its all dry. I know theres gotta be some liquids back there, some fluids that theyre using. Theres no such thing as dry cleaning. When you get something on your shirt, ever get something on your shirt and try to get it off like that (Jerry brushes off his shirt.) Thats dry cleaning. I dont think thats what theyre doing back there. They dont have eighty guys going, Come on, hurry up! Theres a lot of shirts today!
What's the matter?
Five minutes.
Yeah
Well, what street are you on?
I thought he screwed up the Dinkins campaign.
Jane's topless. (They all look)
What about if youre not around?
There's none left?
This is amazing.
You've made some Fine Exits.
I'm heading over to Elaine's.
OUR LIVES!! . What kind of lives are these? We're like children. We're not men.
(Singing) Camera, curtains, lights - This is it, we'll hit the heights - Oh what heights we'll hit - On with the show this is it!
What? The Cadillac I bought for you?
You got the job?
Nothing, the moving guys are taking it. Why, you want it?
I have to say, those people talking behind us really ruined that movie for me.
I know.
Tippy Toe? I dont think so.
I sure do miss my apartment. Maybe I'll switch back.
Hi Valerie.
(uncomfortably) Nothing.
Gimme that thing!
With me?
What's going on in there?
Let me just get my jacket.
How do you get all that wood in here?
.....Stupid , stupid.
Oh, man, look at this mess! You know what's gonna happen if they see this?
Um. I'll call you back ok?
I thought you said Pendant was in financial trouble.
(STARTS TO LEAVE, TO HIMSELF) ...Kramer
George - could I have a word?
Thank you very much.
Surprise!
You don't look well.
(Stern on George) Not underpants.
Uncle Leo, I don't want to have it!
When you were with her you said you couldn't stand her.
I'm in show business.
Oh I dont know. Not always. No I uh I had to work at it. When I was a kid all the kids would be out playing, I would be up in my room practicing my kissing.
Where?
Hello?
It's the life force. I saw a show on the mollusk last night. Elaine, the mollusk travels from Alaska to Chile just for a shot at another mollusk. You think you're any better?
Boysenberry, Huckleberry ...
What? She said that?
Shh! Nothing, nothing.
Um, well, his false teeth got mangled up in the garbage disposal--
An old friend of mine, whom you may have met, George Costanza, has recently become intimate with a female accountant who was formally a highly placed official with an outfit known as the IRS. And as we speak, at this very moment he is handing over to her all of my pertinent tax information. And she has assured us that the matter is well within her field of expertise.
No. Never.
Kind of. Nice limp, you're bringing your work home with you?
and GEORGE Ye, hu, um Ye,
Oh my god. Look at this.
Hey Elaine, what was it you were about to say to me on the plane when it was going down?
Wow.
All right. Okay. Sports, movies, talk show host. What else?
All because of Wrath of Khan?
So anyway, she's kind of upset about it so I need you to do me a favor.
Russell's disappeared?
Are you sure?
Did you tell her about, uh, your little hat there?
So you saw Bania's act?
Why?
Uh, hang on a second, You know what? Changed my mind, make it a tuck.
Oh, sure. Of course, you're entitled. Who doesn't want this, that, and the other?
She's got 'it' written all over her.
I - I can't wear this puffy shirt on TV! I mean, look at it! It looks ridiculous!
Oh, sure, yeah.
I can't go to sleep at nine o clock!
Oh hi, Katie.
Ruthie Cohen?
(pointing at Georges shirt) See, to me, that button is in the worst possible spot. The second button literally makes or breaks the shirt, look at it. Its too high! Its in no-mans-land. You look like you live with your mother.
Well, I painted my apartment again. Ive been living in this apartment for years and years, and every time I paint it, it kinda gets me down. I look around, and I think, well, its a little bit smaller now. You know, I realize its just the thickness of the paint, but Im aware of it. It just coming in and coming in. Every-time I paint it, its closer and closer. I dont even know where the wall outlets are anymore. I just look for like a lump with two slots in it. Kinda looks like a pig is trying to push his way through from the other side. Thats where I plug in. My idea of the perfect living room would be the bridge on the Starship Enterprise. You know what I mean? Big chair, nice screen, remote control... Thats why Star Trek really was the ultimate male fantasy. Just hurtling through space in your living room, watching TV. Thats why all the aliens were always dropping in, because Kirk was the only one that had the big screen. They came over Friday nights, Klingon boxing, gotta be there.
Kramer, you can't live down here. This is where people come to die.
His lawyer.
Of course I want to talk about it.
When George was growing up..
She says, uh.. (Mumbles something inaudible. George, so shocked by what he's just heard, accidentally squeezes the ketchup bottle - ketchup squirts out and files off-screen. George reacts deeply)
"Big head" (Scoffs) That's almost a compliment.
What about Elaine?
(Shrugging his problems off) Yeah, yeah. But what about money? Are you strapped? Do you need a little?
I didn't have an expression. I have a deviated septum. I have to open my mouth sometimes to breathe.
Let go!
You know 'm just curious, How did you know she wasn't my girlfriend?
Oh, I turned my jacket inside out.
Oh, did he like it?
What the hell...? Why is the door open?
That's Barry Prophet, he's our accountant.
What's the matter?
(not really) Yeah.
Yeah. (Kramer sits in the seat next to Jerry) Uh, uh, oh, oh, Over there. (points to the next seat over)
I dunno. Since the last one. Oh, here she is. You wanna meet her?
Hey.
Oh yeah, he's fine, fine. He was in bad shape for a while though.
You see? Never be late for a plane with a girl. 'Cuz a girl runs like a girl-- with the little steps and the arms flailing out... You wanna make this plane, you've gotta run like a man! Get your knees up!
This is insane. You know, I dont even know where shes staying! She, shes not gonna call me, this is unbelievable.
If I see her, what do I say that Im doing here in the building?
Yeah. I had to spend two hours at dinner last night with that specimen.
Ok, great, well, I'm glad everything worked out, Babu.
No, of course not, of course not!
Kramer, listen, I want you to ask Gail to do me a favor. The next time Russell Dalrymple comes in the restaurant, ask her if she would call me.
Medium crab bisque.
Yeah. I'm on a kiss hello program with her.
Hey, Elaine, you have got to buy this new electric toothbrush I just got - the Ori-dent.
She does a lot of abstract stuff. In fact she's painting Kramer right now.
Who ever thought the first thing somebody wants on a plane is a peanut?
Tongue?
Kramer!? (grabbing Kramer's arm roughly, pulling him back as he's about to knock)
I'm freakin' out! I am freakin' out!
Why would I wanna do that?
When George was growing up..
Oh! Is that the bald stuff?
Oh, yes.
It tastes like dirt.
Played cards last night.
What kind of company is it?
I still don't have to go.
Yeah, see that's why I hate it. So, come on, you going to go?
But we already knew that.
(kidding) Uncle Leo?
Yours?....You know what I'll think I'll brush later.
Good.
So you think he was expecting a roll in the supportive hay.
No, I'm calling her.
I swear to you, I didn't know they TV was bolted to the table.
Go ahead shake his hand. You're Jerry Seinfeld. You've been on the Tonight Show.
It was a great sounding laugh too, kind of lilting and feminine--none of those big coarse "ha's." You know those?
I guess I have to bring his car back up to the stadium, if it can make it.
What blender? I don't have a blender.
Did what?
Sally, I can't believe you're already doing a One-woman show?
Hey, George, you know Tim Whatley.
Raymond?
N-na I'm paying for the trip.
Tell you what. If they win the penant I'll sit naked with you at the World Series.
That's it?
I'm sorry, I'm not familiar with that term.
But I don't wanna be a cowboy!
You don't know?
Sue Ellen Mishke, the braless 'O Henry' candy bar heiress.
(leaving hurriedly) Wuhh...
Mmmm.
Yeah!
Big matzoh ball.
That was the mother on Bewitched. You mean Pandora.
If my father was moving this hed had to have a cigarette in his mouth the whole way. (as his father) 'Have you got your end?...Your ends got to come down first, easy now, drop it down...drop it down, your ends got to come down.'
Kramer, here!
I understand.
Doesnt think anyone can tell. So cmon, do we have a deal?
What the hell is that?
(louder) Bob!
That would be an interesting sociological experiment. You know, Kramer has his fathers band. Hed loan it to you.
(To himself) Salsa, seltzer. Hey, excuse me, you got any salsa? No, not selzer, salsa. (George doesn't react) What's the matter?
No hello?
I don't want to make trouble. You want the money? Here.
Oh, this is awful.
If you guys wouldn't mind, I would like to ward off dementia.
Ask him to change it.
Men definitely hit the remote button more than women...
We just want to talk to her. We want to apologize and tell her the whole thing was an accident.
(flips a roll of paper towels in the air) Produce section. *Very* provocative area. A lot of melons and shapes. Everyone's squeezing and smelling... It just happened.
Oh, I cant believe it. Let me see that. (Jerry takes the paper.) Thats four and a half points in three days! Thats almost half my money!
The Bubble Boy? He lives around here?
Oh, big fighting marlin. (Jerry acts like he is catching a marlin)
Yeah!
Wait a second. Turbo? I didn't have a turbo.
So, when do I get my dinner?
It's nice to meet you!
What happened?
So all my sneakers are gone?
Well, just
What is this? (Kramer is wearing jeans that look like it doesnt fit him).
Hey!!!
Eh, died on the table. Just spent hour and a half making me feel, if I don't save lives, I'm worthless.
(leaving) You two keep an eye on each other?
What blankets?
Come on up.
What kind of pen is that?
No one's gonna listen to you.
Alright, well what if we say...
You're robbing me.
Yeah, right.
When did you get that?
So tell me. What's the problem with your little flaky friend? She doesn't return calls?
Mr. Vandelay, of course.
What happened to you?
Anyway, I just called to tell you that, I'm there for you.
Oh I like that. It's like going back in time. (George comes outside)
It's a tell. You gotta tell.
All right, cmon. Lets go.
(to Elaine) So, you going to the taping tomorrow night?
Is he smart?
I don't know, this? (Shows his neck to Sara.)
Do you believe that guy?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah. Kramer made it.
Hey, T-bone!
Well, break a leg tonight.
"Where's my Mr. Goodbar?"
Ok, ok...
Well that's trouble, my friend. That's big trouble. Checkmate!
I don't know.
Haven't seen him. How's the neck?
Yea?
I guess they leave that up to the general population.
aha
Oh, the Yoo Hoo?
Well, what happened?
Unbelievable! She's not there.
What're you doing? I thought you were changing.
How much is Testikov getting from Pendant for this book?
Don't worry Lois. I'll think of something.
Yep. (checks watch) Starts in thirty-five minutes.
You are not dumb. Don't say that..
Then what do you call it? People dont just bump into each other and have sex. This isnt cinemax.
Heh.
Great, I love Newman! (Eagerly following Kramer)
(quickly) No.
No. I pay her to clean. The rest is--
Yeah.
Hey.
Oh my god, you had sex, how did that happen?
Hakuna Matata?
All right Ramon, Im going to get going.
...Over the balcony, bounced off some respirator thing *into* the patient!
Yeah, it's all my father's doing.
Why don't you just come over?
Ohh-my-God. The Queen is dead.
I have some idea.
Elainell kill me.
Actually I am quite comfortable.
(CONT'D) And you know when you think about it it's really quite an amusing case of mistaken identity. That's all it is.
What are you going to get her?
Ooh, you're sick! You're sick!!
I'm just not getting any hot water.
Why *is* that?
Yeah, I know that!
What should I do? (to Alton) Uh, were taking a cab, arent we?
Can't you at least die with a little dignity?
You got a lot to learn about pancakes.
All of a sudden you get hungry?
Um, did he did he mention to you why I called?
You certainly are. What's going on?
Well, maybe no one noticed it. You didn't notice it. Let me go get Newman. We'll see if he sees it.
Who is that woman?!
There's no time. All right, we'll call him from the plane.
Uh, say, I wanted a side order of fruit but I didn't see it on the men
Marla, Kramer.
Who you gonna to call?
Where?
Hey, guess what! Little Jerry ran from here to Newman's in under thirty seconds!
I don't know. Maybe.
No, I read in the paper..
Well, let's confront 'em.
You're a lucky guy.
Hey, look at the high score--"G.L.C." George Louis Costanza. That's not you, is it?
So were in the room and shes trying to get me to kiss her right in front of him.
Well what is it?
Why do you invite these women over if they annoy you so much?
All right. (goes into his hallway and comes back) You got my fins?
You must have quite a time down there.
"Lose that"? That's not a Hollywood expression!
Yeah, well you're going.
Ah, you're better off. Now you can just let it go.
Just don't make a scene.
If he noticed, he would have called you from Houston!
(Gets up) Get out!
Get a march goin'! March it! (She exits)
By the way, lunch is on me. I just cashed my Nana's birthday checks.
You know, I saw someone on the street eating M&Ms with a spoon.
Expecting Newman? That's funny because I just happened upon him down at the Kenny Roger's Roasters.
Why don't you start in the bedroom?
So what do you have to say for yourself?
Hold it, hold it...Look your gonna need the jaws of life to get out of those things.
Kramer said I was supposed to bring him back some Cubans.
Kramer, I'm not doin' this anymore. I don't know what I was thinking. It's illegal, it's dangerous...
No.
So did I do a terrible thing?
Well, the pickle breath is a good start.
There isn't?
Well, it doesn't look exactly like her.
Famous Original Ray's?
Im not pulling a shopping cart. What, am I suppose to wear a kerchief? Put stockings on and roll em down below my knee?
All right...we're going with adult contempo... (puts alarm away, gets phone) now... the failsafe. The wake-up guy... (dials)
The one with the...(mumbles.)
I look about the same.
(To bartender) Can I have a club soda? (To Ronnie) Goin' on tonight?
Huh. So, I guess your travel miles are about to expire.
So are you...
(Sarcastically) Yeah, everyone knows that, it was in Amadeus.
To Latvian Orthodox?
She did kind of touch my face.
Nice.
Alright, come on, lets get out of here.
Oh boy.
So, where am I dropping you?
What? You sold your pants to Bania. Let me in.
Well, that's it. I'm going back to Putty. No move is worth this.
You think they have fleas there, don't you?
Got lost? We went to school here for three years.
Morning?
Well I don't like it. I don't like it one bit! And, I'm supposed to see him tomorrow.
(Nodding, trying it out) "I'm there for you."
What if she sees me?
Ted Danson is not even on the network anymore.
Hi, I'm Jerry. How do you like my pants?
(Nods) I follow. So what are you gonna do?
Lainy!
Oh relax, Katie. It's not a problem.
I suppose.
Nice!
Great, you're lonely and miserable again. (presses button to call elevator)
Well, whoopie whoop. (Meryl goes into the other room. Kramer staggers in the door in his bathrobe.)
No...
I don't know. Once he leaves the building, he's out of my jurisdiction.
Nah, we've seen it.
Good morning.
I don't know , Who keeps track of Hellos.
Why?
I wonder where Elaine is sitting? I really wanted you to meet her she's supposed to be here tonight with her new boyfriend Tony
I hate the Drake! Maybe the whole thing was a scam. Anybody can just get engaged and get presents and just keep them all. Maybe they're on their way to Chicago tomorrow and do the whole thing all over again.
Too bad.
That was our babka.
oh.. Jane she uh.. she uh..
(testing Joel) So, Im thinking about going to Iran this summer.
Hello?
Thats the bet! (The phone rings; Jerry answers it.) Hello?... No- oh, hi... (Kramer leaves) no, they just left... Oh, my God... hang on a second. Maybe I can still catch em. (Jerry goes over to the window and opens it; calling out the window) Ma! Ma! Up here! Dont get in the cab! Manya died! Manya died!!
So we go back to my apartment..
Was it pimple popper MD?
Yeah, I really think you guys are good together.
What?
See, so I don't know if I got a funeral 'hello' or he was mad because he didn't get his day-after 'thank you'.
I guess.
Make them interesting.
Fix a screen door in Queens.
You got a little shmootz there (picks something on her sweater)
Well, I kinda snuck up behind him at the urinal and tried to see if he could hear me.
I'm sorry. This is what comes from living under a Nazi regime.
Let me ask you something. When's the last time you went skiing?
No I can't I've got some stuff to do then I've got to meet Keith at my apartment at three. I'm helping him move.
[in French accent] Pardon.
All right. Twenty-five hundred.
At the side of the road, with a pile of garbage.
I don't know about that but I'm sure there is a explanation.
They'd pick her up in about ten minutes.
Yes, George. I'm kind of wondering myself. What is it what you want?
Hi.
Yes I did.
Oh, he took it. I put four hundred dollars in the new wallet.
That's a shame.
What?
Odds.
You know, what you need is a song you can share.
You mugged Stephen Hawking?
(to the intercom) Elaine?
What happened? The guy was like 67 years old, it was freezing out, he caught a cold, got pneumonia, and a month later he was dead.
Uh! Really .That's nice.
No, I'm not...
My pants!
Let's see what he says.
C'mon, out with it.
Oh, my God! [takes the phone] Ma?
So, uh. Gillian's comin' over later. I think I'm gonna end it.
All right
Oh, Hey, there's a name you don't forget.
Because I - I thought we had a good time the other night, an' the only explanation I can come up with is that you think that you caught me (flustered, he indicates a nose pick)
What about you, George?
Uh, yeah, the, uh, hot water takes a little while to come on. So, the best thing to do is to turn it on, do all your shopping, you come back and take a shower.
Does it smell like the East River?
How do you feel?
Oh you are beautiful!
Okay, Farfel, put your shoes on.
Anyway, this person told me to tell you to get an estimate on the damage.
(Out of it) Huh?
What?
Is that bothering you?
(joyless) Yeah, yes.
Wow. That really is nothing.
Who goes to the hospital to rest?
What did you do?
Oh, how come?
The swedish are very big massagers. You know? They like the swedish meatballs, swedish massage. They like having meat in their hands these people, for some reason. But it's weird because they have the highest suicide rate, they're rubbing each other's necks all the time for a neutral country they seem kinda tense. I don't really like the idea of getting a professional massage. I don't want people touching me that don't know me and don't want to have sex with me. You know what are you bothering me for? You get me all loosened up, juices flowing, and then that's it ok, you're done. It's like having chocolate rubbed all over your face, you know you wanna go "Excuse me, I think you missed a spot."
Um, mutton! Hope you didn't cut the fat off.
You got evens.
'Kay. (Buzzes them in.)
I'm sorry, uh,
What is that anyway?
You call yourself a lifesaver. I call you pimple popper MD!
See, now that I don't care for.
(Fed up) Alright! Excuse me! (Gets up) I'm not buying any of this!
Very good looking.
Shut up, you old bag!
Ah, nah! (Waving his hand and walking away)
Yeah, but no car. I'll have to rent one.
Hey. What are you doing?
Mm. That's fantastic. (he could care less)
Again, Mr Mandelbaum, this back specialist is supposed to be the best. So if there's anything else I can do, please don't hesitate to, uh, try and find my number.
Oh, I got to see this thing.
No, road is a major detail!
(to Jody) My neck is killing me. Right in this spot. Very tender over here.
Who figures and immigrants gonna have a pony?
Come on, you've got the gift. You're the only one that can help me.
It's not like that at all.
But you don't smoke.
Hes an importer/exporter.
What're you gonna talk about?
We're pathetic you know that?
I don't know.
What's it like out?
Yeah, there's some sickos out there.
hunky.. Tony.. hey hey hey (fools around with his collar again)
Yeah.
Kramer...
Yeah, I'm sorry about that Mongolian barbecue last night. I'd heard good things.
I bought him some kishka.
Oh, I see. So, you put up a sign so you can do whatever you want? You're not a part of society.
We are dead.
(thinking) I cant believe it. I got nothing! I dont even know her name! Sagman, Bennet, Robbins, Oppenheim and Taft. Sagman, Bennet, Robbins, Oppen... Sagman... Sag...
You're throwin' this out??
Maybe you won't like it.
........For spite...
Because, Vanessa probably told Pamela, and Pamela probably told Elaine.
Oh, that was a strike! Did you see that?!
A month and a half we had. We did nothing. I can't believe we put it off until today and then we couldn't do anything because Elaine runs out to apologize to a virgin, crosses against a light, and knocks over a Chinese delivery boy. Now we're gonna make fools of ourselves, we got nothing. You're not even in show business. I gotta reputation. You drag me into the sewer with you. I've been on TV buddy boy. You know how fast word spreads in show business? It's like that (Snaps in George's face) , like that! One bad impression, you're outta the business!
Wow, a communist. That's something.
(simultaneous) Hey!/That's wonderful!/We got a deal!
Go outside and see if he's still there.
Cmon, cmon, go ahead, move up.
Well, I believe there's some legal precedent - Winchell vs. Mahoney,
(nodding awkwardly for a moment) All right, I think we're done here. (Jerry leaves and Phil shuts the door darkly)
Huh?
Kramer, she was murdered!
Well I think Able worked hard all summer harvesting his crops, while Cain just played in the field. Then when Winter came, Able had all the nuts; Cain had no nuts, so he killed him.
She must be psychotic or something.
I can't. I'm not an orgy guy.
Hey, let me ask you a question. In these nudist colonies, do they eat naked in the dining room?
But I don't want to.
Duck, Kramer! Duck!
No. This is why you're not in the pilot.
I- no, I dont want to go.
All right, I'll see you after school. I,,m late for Hayman's hygiene.
Oh, uh, do you want to come with us?
Are you O.K. in here?
I'm Dylan Murphy.
I'm nauseous.
Yes.
I loaned the car to George.
All right.
The Truth.
Kramer, aren't you taking any medication for that?
Yeah, see you.
Sister, right. Do you know when Father Curtis has office hours?
What's happening? What, you doing, come and talk to us.
Yes, we do.
Ah, you know. Im supposed to meet, eh, someone -- Ill, Ill wait for them outside. (walks towards the door)
Oh, boy.
You're such...
(Yelling out) Of course not! Nobody hears anything when this woman speaks!
Slapping hands is the lowest form of male primate ritual. In fact, even some of them have moved on - theyre doing sign language now.
Talk show host. That's good.
Ooh-ooh
What's going on?
Kramer! The stone!
Why? I've got my cleaning before without a ticket.
They don't actually have to squeeze his head to get him to say 'holy cow', do they?
How long is this gonna go on?
It wasn't me, it was Mr. Mandelbaum.
You know, maybe we better not. I, I think I'm getting a little cold. I don't wanna give you any of my germs.
Beep, beep, beep? What are you doing?
I don't know, my bathing suit? That's a little familiar, I don't want your...your boys down there.
I know, I know. But some how she explained it to me and I couldn't say no.
I do, but it's three o'clock and then I'm flying right back and meeting Bridget at the Diplomat's Club in the airport.
Oh, the sex is wild but she's got this incredible toy collection and she won't let me near it!
What? In his drink? Are you outta your mind? What are you Peter Lorre?
There's been a big misunderstanding here! We did that whole thing for your benefit. We knew you were eavesdropping. That's why my friend said all that. It was on purpose! We're not gay! Not that there's anything wrong with that...
You know what room Testikov's in?
What?
(To George) Easy big fella.
Ah, I don't know if he likes her as much as he likes it.?
Wait a second, whats going on here?
(uncomfortable) Uh, I don't know. Uh, I don't know.
Hi.
Sure, how much?
Yeah, it's one of my favorites.
What are you doing?
I don't know.
Hi Sue Ellen.
Well, what kind of woman drinks an entire box of wine?
Nooo.
You ready?
See you ... me and Kramer...
Alright. I just hope I can get it to the Friars Club before the show.
Hey, shall we spit on him?
No, I can't do details.
Yeah. Wouldn't it just bounce back and forth between your cornea and the mirror, faster and faster, getting more and more intense, until finally-
Im a nice guy.
George. I wouldn't push for the massage. (George nods)
I'm not kidding.
We need you there!
Yeah. What's wrong, why? ( George runs back to the bathroom)
Why don't you get somebody else?
(incredulous) You're making your own cigars now?
Ok.
"The Collected Works Of Bette Midler".
"We're"? What do you mean, "We're"?
Hey, what are you doing tomorrow? You want to come see me on the Charles Grodin show?
Because you were too busy stealing a book.
Yes!
I can't.
(quiet) Where did Susie find the time to meet all these people..
Can I make it up to you? Ill give you fifty bucks for the jug.
Common sense and a guy in a wheelchair.
It's not going to be anything. I returned the book. I remember it very vividly because I was with Sherry Becker. She wore this orange dress. It was the first time I ever saw her in a dress like that. In oticed since ninth grade she was developing this body in secret under these loose clothes for like two years. And then one day ...
You did?!
Extra teeth. I love that look.
Well you should tell her.
So why didn't you tell her the code?
Oh, saffron! That sounds good.
We don't need a bunch of people staring at us.
No, thank you.
You'll be out before we get the check.
I really wanna have fun.
(giving up) Check.
A preemptive breakup.
You're not paying for it.
I can't believe how much we did this afternoon. I have friends who this would've be their whole life.
(sarcastically) I know!
Scary cold.
What's the matter?
What happened to my stereo? It's all smashed up.
(Looking at his notebook) Alright, I got, uh, you come in, you say "Hi", and I say "Hello".
What is his name?
But -
Okay.
Ya. (hits the button, opens the door. To Elaine) Hey you know what as I was leaving I bumped into Phil Titola. He is one of the greatest guys.
Because she's like the jury. She's going to be sequestered.
Why should I care if my son's into gymnastics?
No, I haven't worn this jacket since I got it back from the dry-cleaner. Maybe we should ask him.
I don't know.
What? I dunno.
What?
It was funny!
Why can't you do this on your table?
I think Superman probably has a very good sense of humor.
(Agreeing) C'mon. It's not even a house - it's, like, a cabin.
So listen Elaine, when we get up to the door, you , you hold the cake box.
(scoffs) You don't flamenco on the first date.
Seen any good movies lately?
(Getting up) Uncle Leo. Hello!
Yeah.. how about this I say "How's it goin'?"
Hey.
Yeah?
Hello,  oh hi Elaine .. what's going on  no he just left  you broke up with him?  ME TOO .. what happened?  oh smoking you know you're like going out with C. Everet Coope  me  nah  I couldn't go through with it  I just didn't feel ready  so what are you doing now?  Oh, great idea, I'll meet you there in like thirty minutes. Okay bye.
You faked it?
You know, George, just because your life is destroyed, don't destroy someone else's.
Oh, that'll intrigue him.
Well, better load up on some carbos before the race.
Really? They bought the butler character?
All right. How 'bout this one let's say you're abducted by aliens.
That's why I poked.
How ya doing? (George nods) Can't talk? (George shakes his head. Jerry gestures to his brace) Hey, how'd you get the plastic one? (George raises his eyebrows) I like that. (George sticks his tongue out) So how's life without tonsils? (George quickly indicates with his arm that he wants ice cream) What? What's that? ..So, how much is this thing gonna cost you now? Like, five, six thousand?.. (George signals that it's more) Well, live and learn.. at least we lived. Kramer went to Eckman.. He feels better alreadyy.. (George motions for ice cream again) What are you doing?
Because if he doesn't ask you out he doesn't get rejected. He has found a dating loop hole.
No, nothing. How could you not give a thank you wave? Hey buddy! Where's my thank you wave?
(To himself) Now what am I supposed to do here? Shall I go over there? It's not like somebody died. It's "Beaches" for god's sake. If she was sitting next to me I'd put my arm around her. I can't be making a big move like going all the way over there. I can't. I won't.
There may have been some incidental penetration. But from her angle she was in no position to make the call.
Right. I am.
No thanks.
Eh, people, people are talking.
I just a ssumed, ...
Oh, that's okay.
Oh my God.
He didn't get to finish it. His uncle came in. We almost got caught.
Your parents are crazy!
Absolutely not.
(cuts in) A nude model.
Well why wouldn't you start with George? You think she's too good for George?
No I'm not...
The female orgasm is kinda like the bat cave, very few people know where it is and if you're lucky enough to see it you probably don't know how you got there and you can't find your way back after you left. There are two types of female orgasms, the real and the fake. And uh I'll tell you right now, as a man, we don't know. We do not know, because to a man sex is like a car accident and determining the female orgasm is like being asked 'What did you see after the car went out of control?'. 'Uh I heard a lot of screeching sounds, uh I remember I was facing the wrong way at one point. And in the end my body was thrown clear.'
How about a Napoleon?
Where are they already? I don't see them anywhere... I got my bags, I'm ready to go.
(Into phone) Kramer says it's up to the cat now. (To Kramer) It'll be on your conscience.
What clothes?
Youre kicking me out of my house?
I can get it. (feeling his face)
No break?
Yeah?
Alright, you know what, uhm... I just wanna take my car, and I'm gonna bring it someplace else.
And it was around this point that she mentioned the boyfriend?
No. That's what makes it such a humorous situation.
Something on your mind?
I don't need a bunch of people staring at us.
What friends?
Yeah. Well, she was very affectionate - which I love. You know I love that - but mentally, we couldn't quite make the connection.
It's like we're living in the '50s here.
Desperado?
Now, I should tell you that, at this point, she's under the impression that youre - a - ah
Damn, I was too overanxious, he must have noticed that.
Pennsylvania Dutch country? Oh, that's the serious relationship weekend place.
Yea.
It was that fall down the stairs. That's what did it.
Beautiful.
I'm trying.
Oh, sure. With out the parents, it's a breeze.
Huh?
(Surprised) Huh?
I'll tell you what, I'll give you my number and uh, just give me a call, tell me whenever you want to go.
What? What did you--
Let's go.
'...down town.'
Okay, okay. I'll be right back.
What is it?
No! How many times do I have to go out with her before I get a massage?
How could I what?
So Mr. Fields I just don't know if this arrangement is--
Thank you.
So?
If you are a waitress and you ever see me in a restaurant, Im telling you right now, I don't want to hear about the specials. I don't want to know about the specials. Im sick of the specials. I hate the specials. My feeling is, if the specials were so special, they'd be on the menu. You know what's special about them? They don't know if anybody likes them. They always have these overly creative descriptions of the specials too, you know. The veil is lightly slapped, and then sequestered in a one-bedroom suite with a white wine intravenous.
It's supposed to be hot.
I just want a, touch em a little.
So you go in the bathroom at eleven your in bed by what, two?
All right. We're broken up.
Newman, how'd it go? Did you get it all delivered? (Sees the pac) What happened?
George, do you wanna fight? Do you wanna fight?
So youre sure youre not still angry about last night?
Right.
Wha - wha - what's the matter?
And youre sure the floss was the catalyst?
Head to toe?
How is that possible?
I know he's just a guy but .. I LIKE him.
It is a tad askew.
Whats to see? A woman from Norway, a guy from Kenya, and twenty thousand losers.
Right.
Superfreak?
Myanmar.
Oh. But you essentially wear the same thing all the time.
But we're in towels.
I know.
He thinks Gwen broke up with him because she saw him eating the ice cream on TV.
Ah. But they told us we must go now.
(in his parent's condo, to his father, who's in another room) Hey, Dad. You know you can program this thing to beep every time you need to take a vitamin. (as Kramer comes walking out in a retirement-like athletic sweatsuit) Dad, you look so different.
Well, I-I-I told my wife not to bring it.
Why?
All right, I'm leaving. I going to the laundry.
What's going on?
Think so?
It's not necessary.
Where you goin'?
That's the garbage disposal!
Have a nice night.
Yeah, I'll give you yours as soon as I get my money back.
What arrangement?
Hello Poppie.
Could you at least get a hat for me?
You don't seem too bothered by it.
Yeah! But it never works. You know we're supposed to be there by two o'clock. We should take a cab.
What are you eating my peanut butter out of the jar with your disgusting index fingers? This is a sickening display. (takes the peanut butter jar away from George)
So you'll just explain to him you're not a Communist. You just called the woman for a date.
I don't know what I was thinking.
(He thinks this, the audience can hear his thoughts) And you're not a doctor, but you play one in real life.
Come on up.
In case of what?
(to the phone) Hello. Oh, hi. Yeah I guess we could do that. At what time? All right. I'll see you there. O.K., bye. (hangs up)
No. I like a good comedy. You know, like a Neil Simon? You like Neil Simon?
If I told you, you woulda given it away.
I'll pick you up at your apartment. We'll go to the Eight.
No.
You're going to the book store to see Jake Jarmel, aren't you?
Oh, I'm glad you're here, so we can get this all straightened out. Would you like a cup of tea?
Yeah.
(walking out) Alright, that's it for me. You've been great. Goodnight everybody.
So, youre back together?
We're lucky they're even interested in the idea in the first place. We got a show about nothing. With no story. What do you think, they're up there going, hey maybe we should give those two guys, who have no experience and no idea, more money!?
So what are you gonna do?
So, can you believe that message? Now I?ve got to spend the rest of my life looking over my shoulder.
You don't want any of this?
You're not gonna get the job.
Me, either. Wait a second. Wait a second. Maybe it's that yogurt.
Back on the rack.
George, did you get that chair yet?
My jacket?
I don't mind the cemetery.
You're not Cartwri-
Well whaddaya want me to say, that I just wandered in here?
Oh, one-on-one's a whole different game. Can't pass off.
No. It isn't and the most distressing part of it is, not that she went out with him but that HE stopped seeing her. Do you understand? He, Newman; Newman stopped seeing her. Newman never stopped seeing anybody. Newman will see whoever is willing to see him. Not so much why she did see him as disturbing as that is. But why, did HE, Newman, stop seeing her?
Ill tell you later.
What do you mean?
No.
(re-entering) Hey, you're not talking that Michigan deposit bottle scam again, are you?
No. You?
So you had a good time.
What, are you serious...why, why did she call?
All right, make it the large sodas.
(looking shocked) Really? When?
So then what?
Ahh.
The timeless art of seduction.
No, but please tell me that's all you're gonna do with it.
On many factors.
I've always been a big fan of the little check move. You know (does the motion for the check) Check, Check. Unless the waiter isn't too shape then you gotta total it up. Sometimes they come over, "Do you want the check?" No I wanna be pen pals, can't you see what I'm doing here? I'm trying to be cool and impress people.
How'd it go?
Hey, Kramer if I killed somebody would you turn me in?
(Stops) Alright, that's not gonna work, it's not gonna work. Let me just think for a second here.
Don't mention it to anybody.
He didn't make it.
It was unbelievable. You're right the jokes kept bouncing off her like superman.
Why would anyone eat canned fruit? I mean can anybody answer that?
Sorry, I'm fixing a screen door in the Bronx.
(Cheerfully) Well, a law's a law. (Leaves)
Nah.
Is this about me?
That is out there.
Ya that was some list.
Nice to meet you.
You know, I think I'm getting a little depressed about George's wedding.
Can I just get it opened first?
Nana's missing?
Are you sure he cant hear anything? . . .MARTIN, MARTIN.
But I thought things were going great.
Hey, George, did you get Joe Mayo that chair yet?
Because she's not returning it until she gets the money back for the hospital bill.
Wow! (Jerry spots all the classic toys)
Ok, now listen, I don't want any scenes in here like the last time.
You would turn me in?
He was shouldering.
I mean, what's the deal with cancer?
They're uncomfortable.
Oh, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, the hit and run. Well. Actually, the guy went into Queens.
Where are they already?
Uhh...
How did you know about that?
Things are good?
What happened? Levitan?
Right.
What?
I'm going.
Typical things.
You mean you just started sniffing?
What giant freak-head?
Then that's the meal.
Oh I'm sure she did, I'm sure they're impeccable. I'm talking about the ones that forge `em.
Remember Peter?
Well, that's where it gets tricky.
Ah, here we go... apple pie! Best apple pie in the city. (Jerry starts eating) Mmm, delicious. I'm not waiting for you. Take some.
Well what about me! If you're going like that, I?m not going like this.
Professional tennis. To me I don't understand all the shushing. Why are they always shushing. Shh, shh. Don't the players know that we're there? Should we duck down behind the seats so they don't see us watching them? To me tennis is basically just ping-pong and the players are standing on the table. That's all it is. And that goofy scoring, you win one point and all the sudden you're up by 15. Two points, 30-love. 30-love. Sounds like an English call girl. "That'll be 30, love... And could you be a little quieter next time, please, shh."
(taking out his wallet and handing over bills grudgingly) Fifty dollars.
(not excited) Youre engaged?
Oh, right! Hey, it was great seeing you again. I love your outfit.
So, how was it?
Well, I'll tell you what you've got here.
I'm not gonna be able to sleep if those are in the house!
Oh you wanna switch? I'm sleeping on a love seat. I've got my feet up in the air like I'm in a space capsule.
(opening the envelope and pulling out a stack of checks) They run it all the time, and now I'm starting to get all these royalty checks.
Ive been thinking about asking this girl Im, uh, seeing-
Yeah, but--
No.
He left me there. You see the mind games?
Why not you call him Maestro.
Two.
Don't you think she could tell?
I think it would be not being able to tell if there was bugs in my food. How could you ever enjoy a meal like that? I'd constantly be feeling around with my lips and my tongue.
(jocular) Eighteen-fifties?
What about NBC? Did you hear anything?
Oh, God.
That's what a gym teacher once told me.
Tough day at the office?
But you know me!
That's right, and I'll tell you what. I'm feeling a little off.
Hello, what? You're kidding. I'm turning it on. Oh, my god. Get out of here. (hangs up) Hey listen to this. They issued a warrant for Genderson's arrest. He escaped and the police spotted him on the New Jersey Turnpike.
(picks it up) I was having coffee, I put it on the coffee table.
I did. Im just curious. Its been almost a week. I want to check it out. (He finds the stock.) Six points? (to Vanessa) Its up six points!
You're turning.
You know what? The hell with this party, I don't even want to go to begin with. (Kramer enters.)
Koko?
Your father got arrested? For what?
Yeah, so do you. (George enters with a newspaper.)
Ma, it has nothing to do with the culottes!
No, she said it was fine. There's something very strange about this girl.
Bedroom.
If they like each other.
Sure, dinner would be fine.
Like what?
(to George) It was a wonderful reading.
What are you doing here?
Katherine Hepburn? Oh yeah.
You asked a date to go to the operation?
Your hair, its somewhat de-poofed.
What's coming?
Oh, it wasn't like that! I didn't even mention you. You know, we were in the garage. You know how garages are. They're conducive to sex talk. It's a high-testosterone area.
Well, I want to sit down.
I made a conscious effort not to look. There's certain information I just don't want to have.
We're just talking. Is this not the greatest marketing ploy ever? If you feel good, you're supposed to take one!
Youre wearing the same clothes as yesterday!!! (pauses) You saw Puddy!
Na, that's not such a good idea.
Kramer called you?
All right, okay. We're in the apartment watching TV.
hey hey (fooling around with his collar)
Way off? Have you been to the motor vehicle bureau? It's like a leper colony down there.
Chicken, how could she look up to a person who voluntarily spends time with Bania?
What are you doing here?
You ever heard of a little thing called feelings?
It was nice seeing you again. I just remembered something. I've got to go. (to old man that enters) It was GEORGE!
Your trench coat in my closet?
... I just got a postcard from Elaine?
(Pointing out) It didn't do me any good either! That benefit was the worst show I ever did. Some of those heckles were really uncalled for "Avast ye matey" - what the hell does that mean?! "20 degrees off the starboard side - the Spanish Galleon!" - there's no comeback for that!
Oh, come on!
Yeah, that's a real nuisance. This is killing me.
And now the search for the right psychiatrist begins.
That's their policy.
Yeah, that's possible.
Hey, isn't that Michael's car?
You are.
Soon as I get off the phone wih you.
That's room 419. 650 AM. Four...one...niner...
Why not?
Sadly, that knowledge could've help me.
We were right on the border.
You and George got together?
I got a date with that girl, Lena.
Theres one thing I dont understand. Why does it please you? (to the phone) George Costanza, please.
He pulled an LBJ on you.
Hey.
Audrey.
Well, your day's getting more interesting already. (Jerry shows the phone) Ah, see, told me they'd be back in a minute and THEY lied.
Yeah. Eighteen strangles.
Ohh.. look at this..
No, no.
That's quite a feed bag you're workin' on there.
Nothing...
23 000.
I didnt even think to look.
(Pointing off screen, nodding) THAT I heard.
I don't want one.
Oh that Meryl Streep, she's such a phony baloney.
So, what's her name?
Absolutely not. He sped up.
(Jokingly asking) So, did you have a nice week together?
Kramer, please tell me what the guy said.
All right. Look. Now, you promised you're gonna be a little more flexible on the nothing idea, okay? Jsut a little.
Prognosis Negative.
(coming out from the bathroom) who was it?
Oh, come on.
Alright, two hundred, but that's as high as I can go. I really think you're being unreasonable here!
Oh, really?
I don't know, whatever they do.
Hey. Hey, Mickey. What's going on?
I can do that.
Oh yeah, urinals are fun. Can I go?!
I don't know about sixty.
Oh, congratulations. Her marriage just fell apart.
This isn't for a person. This is for Biosphere 3.
Well, thats good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
(cynical) Yeah you almost went to the game. You havent been out of the building in ten years!
Hey George, there she is again. ...
Uncle Leo?
That's right, you let him have it.
Should we walk him around?
Well, this is great.
Yeah, take it easy. (Leaves)
Alright. So how's the two-man operation at Kruger?
Anything you couldn't have gotten tearing open a bag of Doritos and watching Viva Zapata?
Never mind
Already? That was fast... I assume he's not a High Talker...
Are you saying...
(To Kramer) All right, were goin in.
It's true.
Fields. Sidney Fields. *87* years old. *87*. How about your guy?
Between Poland and Morgan?
Do you know how big North Dakota is stupid?
Wow. You were in bed with your mother last night?
Sure.
The cleaners? How did it get there?
"They get all emotional , they sway. It's embarrassing."
Well, what's going on? What is this thing?
I'm feelin' a bit queasy myself. Maybe I'll see you in another five years. (casually leaves)
Oh, nobody's calling off any weddings. Alright, it's time to go. Come on.. Up.
Wow, look at you. So you got the job.
Come on, just put your clothes on! You'll get dressed in the car!
Coffee. And they grind up the coffee beans, and put it in.
Yeah.
No appointments at all? Because my neck is still tight. What about Thursday? And Friday? Oh boy. Okay, thanks anyway.
Hey...I'm not stupid. I'm looking in that drawer, there's no can opener.
Oh. like they wouldn't have found that anyway.
well
I'll get you another one just like it!
A little hair? Do you think that makes it better?
Actually, yeah. (Pause) Wait a second! Is that the fork that fell on the floor?! (Dramatically) Are you using the fork that fell on the floor?!
And I'm doin' Letterman Monday. You know, I gotta work out the material!
Oh, hi. Soda?
Fungicide. I mean what could she have?
How could you ask her out?
Then it does exist.
It's European.
Sure, its like robbing a bank. You dont loiter around in front of the teller holding that big bag of money. You come in, you hit and get out.
So the roommate laughed at everything I said.
Ah, I'll tell him I got it on the street, and maybe it's hot. That's his favorite.
More sheets per roll
Hey. Hey, this is for you. (Taps the gift) It's from.. uh, Susan's roommate, Sally.
Aw, wait a--. Oh. Oh, for crying out loud.
(Chuckles slightly) Well, you'll make quite an impression on him when you tell him how you burned his cabin down.
Look at you, you got the job.
Mmhu.
Whats so amazing? Youve seen him before.
Why did she give you that?
What's happening?
Oh hi Enzo.
Well, well, well...
How do I look?
Whatever.
We gotta get out of here. Come on; weave your web, liar man.
Oh, wait a second, I believe we have a heckler ladies and gentlemen. Hey Dick I don't know what your problem is. It's not my fault you're back on the wagon.
Oh God. (foreseeing an arm's grabbing as he sees Uncle Leo entering with his wife Stella)
Oh, hey, I'm being helpful. I am the only one being helpful!
Yes you did.
I mean, it's like the biggest event of your life! You'd think you'd have, like, 6 alarm clocks, payin'-off little kids in the village to come banging on your door...
But you know as soon as she gets in the apartment shes going right for that machine.
( embarrassed laugh) ...Oh! Damn..
Hey.
Oh no you're not!
Yeah, we do. We do have a good team.
Uh, JFK. [To Elaine] I need some small bills for a tip. You got anything?
(Slightly embarrassed) It was a good bit in the 80s, and its still relatable today.
SO?
You're quite mad, you know. (Kramer enters) Oh, I don't believe this. (Goes into other room) Hey?
Well what'd you mean?
No, don't cancel it.
Blow it off. Remember Poli Sci? How many of those did we go to?
No, absolutely nothing. (They get up to leave) You're fantastic! (They meet up with Kramer and George on the way out) Hey guys!
That is so Franco.
I just wanted to say how sorry I was...
Oh, you don't know.
Well how long you are going to keep this up?
You think she's got toes for thumbs?
1%?! They can kiss 1% of my ass!
I'm not gonna let you walk out of my life.
Where'd I take it?
Maybe your yogurt isn't so non-fat.
I don't know, it's ten dollars.
What for?
What is that stench? I got it. (He follows the smell to Kramers door) Ah hah.
Okay. I wouldn't see it again.
What are you looking for?
Ah, you know you have a hole in your sneaker there. What is that canvas?
Yeah. Th-That's why I where these sneakers, in case of any trouble -- Zip, I'm gone. (makes a running motion with both arms and his right foot)
George?
What was I supposed to do? You knew I was on my first date with Elaine. You come barging in here asking me to contribute money for a volcano relief fund for krakatoa.
(interrupts)like a shark fisherman with a bucket of (?) Ch....
Alright, I'll call him.
So?
Why didn't you pull over?
Well, what is the matter with her? Is she crazy?!
Why must you always be the focal point of attention? Why can't you just be? (Elaine laughs - hu) Why can't you live?
All right.
Well, that's very interesting.
Where are you going?
Oh. Sorry, I didnt know..
No, I think I would have remembered Memma.
Oh, come on, just tell me your code already. What is it?
Well, every time he tries to make a move, something screws up. Like on their last date, they were on the couch, but she was sitting on his wrong side.
What are you doing?
I don't like pesto.
Thank you. If we were in my apartment and we were watching a movie on the couch, would we sit right next to each other?
The Coast,
Thank you...
So... did you stop by the dojo?
I only knew you through Moochie.
Alright, I'll give it a shot! I do really like this coffee shop. Nice cuff links, by the way.
Hey, isn't that George's father?
It's fine. Anyway, it's been really nice dating you for a while. And uh good luck!
That'd be the fleas.
Not for another three days.
Really?
Yeah.
Of what?
Svenjolly.
Oh! man did you see that. I ate discarded food.
No, don't slough that off, you have great hearing.
Hey Alison! Hey, there's the TV, Elaine, look at that!
I really dont need to look.
Oh uh ...
Yeah, the lobster'll scare him.
Nah. It's not good for friends to talk about money, it can affect the friendship.
Great. You know, Frankie, I was wondering. What if I decided that it's silly to drive a van, because, you know, I live in New York City. Is there maybe some way I could exchange it?
What are ya gonna do?
I could tell you what I did, but you wouldnt believe it. Its not believable.
What's it doin here?
Yeah.
What? What?
Youre imagining this. Really.
You had how many dates with him? Three?
What? So what? It's a nipple. A little round circular protuberance. What's the big deal? See everybody's got them. See I got them.
I just said that.
Euhh...Elaine....
Who?
Yeah, but...
Well, I brought them up there to take his records--
Strike two!
You know you're not supposed to drink while you're keeping a secret! (Elaine laughs) Is there anything else?
So when somebody has B.O., the "O" usually stays with the "B". Once the "B" leaves, the "O" goes with it.
Well what are we going to do now. If we can't get the babka the whole thing's useless.
No, I don't think so.
Thank you.
Who?
No, it's not that, it's the...
Hey, there's Elaine.
Theres nothing to it. You lift the lid, it comes right out.
Hello?
How did you know?
Nah!
You know, I'm the one responsible for those crop circles in England.
Okay.
Hang on.
We have an appointment!
You mean like...Liza!
(referring to George's outfit) And what mood is this.
So you put down my money?!
The flight's been canceled?!?!
George used up all my guest passes already.
You gotta wake him up!
What a surprise.
I'm looking in the first drawer. It's not here.
We're all the way in the front row. Why couldn't we sit in the special seats?
Like a frightened turtle!
Elaine got a new number because she died.
Well, we've tried to arrange a situation where we'll be able to do this once in a while and still be friends. (George laughs hysterically and stands out of his seat)
Gasoline? Can't you get it after you drop me off?
Maybe he just said it because the mother was in the room.
What are we gonna do, stay out here all night?
Okay.
Hey, how you gonna keep the machine plugged in while you move it?
According to them
Seems like you're better at fake relationships than real ones.
Now, its time to go.
I've never been called breathtaking either.
Oh. Hello, Tetanus.
What do we got?
(Like an Army general) Elaine, Newman is my sworn enemy. And he lives down the hall from my home - my home, Elaine! Where I sleep, where I come to play with my toys.
No, more like the Three Stooges at the end of every movie.
Oh, right.
I don't know. What if I get caught?
Just relax, you'll be fine.
Im just a regular person.
Alright, I'll see you later.
No, its, its just my neighbour... Um... Yeah, I got it. (Jerry takes a pencil and a cereal box to write on.) Ten-fifteen... No, dont be silly, go ahead and ask... Yeah, sure... Okay, great, no no, its no trouble at all... Ill see you tomorrow... Great, bye. (He hangs up the phone; to Kessler) I dont believe it. That was her. She wants to stay here!
Well, thank you very much.
He's a bubble boy.
So, Wilkinsons out of the hospital now?
You what?
Yeah. Dandruff, kasha, mothballs, cheap carpeting. It's pot pourri, really.
Yeah. (sings) There she is...Miss - yes, room 417 please? Karen Hanson?
Elaaaiinne...
Wow.
I sense something is afoot.
The tap is tough.
Yeah, Ill see you.
You know, if you were blind, what do you think the worst part of it would be?
Alright, are we ready? Come on, let's get this show on the road.
From my house. I got a whole box of them.
Fine, Mrs. Costanza. (Attempts to get Estelle to laugh) Hey, I got a terrific joke for you..
Elaine...
With that?
Broke even.
He was starin' at some woman!
You gotta shake it up.
Hi, I'm Jerry.
What's wrong?
The pies. I'm going to the bathroom. You know. (he leaves)
It should resolve of its own volition.
Uh, Along long time ago, in a galaxy far far away.
Ah, Kramer.
What for?
So what's this job?
Ok.
You're not allowed to have people over?
That's because she had my mail.
You did?
Uncle Leo.
I had a dream last night that a hamburger was eating me!
You can't give up. You don't think people tell me I stink? When I'm on stage that's all I hear; You stink, You suck. We like magic.
You can say what you want about me but Ill be damned if Im going to stand here while you insult my toothbrush.
This is like the meeting of Smith and Wesson.
What is this? What are we doing? What in god's name are we doing?
Eckman? I thought he was doing time?
(To Kramer) Four hundred dollars?1 You told me one-fifty!
So she didnt get the messages.
So you ask her out.
This is horrible! I care!
So?
So you just pretended it didnt bother you?
No, come on, Kramer. What did he say?
Yeah!
Aw.
Why not?
I'm putting this on him and we're going to the sink.
I never heard her say hi.
Yeah.
Yeah, Yeah!!
What if she's having an off night?
Mulva?
Alright, I gotta tell you something, but you cannot tell Susan.
What for?
Never.
You're going to start your own charity?
I don't mind at all. Why should I mind? What did he say?
Look, forget about the receipt, all right? Even if I had the receipt- look at it! Its a hand puppet. What am I gonna do with this?!
Hey
Hey. You put your groceries under the hood of my car?
I dont care. Im sleeping next door.
Well, the apartment elevators are always slower than the offices, because you don't have to be home on time.
That's true. But it was an accident. And I haven't done it since. And I would never do it again. And if you continue cursing, you'll never become a comedian like me when you grow up. (phone rings) Excuse me one second.
I don't think so.
I cannot find my Jerry Lewis cufflinks. Without 'em, I have no in!
Buh bye.
Hey, there's uncle Milty.
44th and 9th.
Hey.
I was. But, shes got me, like, hypnotized.
(Pointing) I'm not eating anything in the vicinity of that book.
Really, you're getting that good?
I'm not giving you her number.
40.
Well...
What is going on in this community! Are you people aware of what's happening? What is driving you to this behavior? Is it the humudity? Is it the Muzak? Is it the white shoes?
Well "six" and "sex" are close.
Poor son of a bitch.
No. No thanks.
How would you describe the smell in this house?
-programs like Ken Burns' Baseball. And if Danny Tartabull were here, I'm sure he'd say, 'That's correct, Jerry.'
What you have to do is introduce him, and then he'll just come out with it.
Well, perhaps we should inquire. Poppie! Oh, Poppie. Could I have a word? (Poppie comes over.)
So the kid doesn't know his grandmother is dead? G-5?
(downcast) Oh, I'm sorry.
Uh, again? (Limping towards the door) I'll be right there.
(proudly) I am...the master packer.
Look, I happen to know how much that watch cost. It's a sixty dollar watch, you paid forty to get it fixed. That's a hundred dollars. I'm offering you two hundred!
No, I'm, uh, Dylan Murphy. Mr. O'Brien had a long trip, he's sleeping.
What did you say?
George, letting my emotions out was the best thing I've ever done. Sure I'm not funny anymore, but there's more to life than making shallow, fairly-obvious observations. How about you?
You can't play Kramer.
Kramer, I'm kind of in the middle of something. Would you get these signs out of here, please?
Well, Gail Cunningham.
Will you stop it.
Yeah,
Well, what does that mean?
You're lying! You got it, I want that number!
Hey, good luck with that.
Yeah, .. wait a minute do you smell smoke?
Well, what happened?
Yeah! me too
Maybe the fat camp. (To Elaine) You're not going?
Some people like to have the radio alarm a little louder than the radio.
Where you goin'?
Yes!
I dunno. Hard to say.
That's a massage.
Oh, that restaurant on top of the Chrysler building? Yeah, thats a good idea.
Oh.
Well, you made me uncomfortable.
Like what?
(Extremely happy about Kramer and Newman's dilemma) My, isn't this an awkward moment?
(wiping his brow) He could use a couple laughs.
He knows what he's doing.
Come on up.
Yes, I do.
George-
(Getting the door) That's the stupidest idea I ever heard. Sentenced to be a butler. (Elaine, Marla, and an injured Ping are at the door) Ping, what happened?
Well, obviously, we all know each other very well, (Elaine slightly laughs) I'm sure that we'll all feel comfortable within the confines of the honor system.
Ma.
Well, I dunno about you two, but I'm quitting. I hate my guy. He's a mean, mean guy.
Look I really don't know what they're plans are.
Were taking Elaine to dinner. Shes got to start the fast again. Um, you want to go?
(seeing Kramer struggle to open a soda, spilling it all over) I think the damage is probably already done. (interrupting Kramer's inadequate attempt to clean up the soda) All right! I'll get that. Well, maybe she just practices good hygiene.
He's... trying to get something off his chest.
You know, I think he wears a piece.
Yeah, all right. All right.
Why aren't you there now?
Well, if it isn't Chesty La Rue.
I know. He got the hit in game SIX. So, so then what happened?
Hmm.
(calmly getting up with plate of chicken) Oh! Sure! Sure! You an' your work! Elaine's off in the Bizarro World, George only calls when he wants something, an' I'm left sitting here like this plate of cold chicken, which, by the way, (drops chicken into sink) was, for two.
Ok buh bye. Have a good time.
Go again?
Why because you dress casual and sleep with a lot of guys.
What is that?
He feels he's funnier, more relaxed.
I'll have a cup of coffee and a turkey club.
(agitated) For putting my picture up on that wall! I'm like Richard Dawson down there now. And every person I see engages me in this long, boring, tedious, conversation. I can't even get out of the building!
Have you ever been through an audit?
Have you come across this?
Hey, I thought you went to the game.
I have other stuff. Y-You should come see me on the weekend.
Hey, have you noticed George is acting a little strange lately?
Well, I have a general idea what it was. I could take a guess.
Yeah, that was me.
Yeah, it is.
I want that number!
Now, all we gotta do is write it.
(frustrated, to self) The whole system is breakin' down!
Nah, look at this. Cable's out.
Yeah, but with you it's intentional.
Yeah.
They're nobody.
Ah, I think I'll go.
Line two?
We'll stay in a hotel tonight.
I know.
Well, everybody's a little cranky on their birthday.
(to the Drake) Oh, wait a second, I'll ask her.. that's a great idea. (To Elaine) Drake wants to know if we want to come out to Minneolis this afternoon, since we missed the partly last night, to maybe get something to eat?
all right. One second.
You cant go by the audience that night. It was late. They were terrible.
What are you doing?
Yeah, did he think I was flirting with her?
Boy, those azaleas are really coming in nicely.
Ready for lunch?
I'm on next, right?
All right were coming down.
Well, what kind of a kiss? Was it a peck? Was it a kiss? Was it a long make out thing?
I'm tellin' George to give you your TV back.
(dialing) He got em out of the house.
Oh, lithe!
No you didn't. He knows he's bald.
I don't get it. Why would a woman do that and then leave no way to get in touch with her.
I'm not taking a soak in that human bacteria frat you got goin' there.
Well, ...
Oh, that's nice.
She could have.
What?
What?
Why?
Ooh, everything was going so well. She hadn't seen any flaws in me. Now she sees a side.
Hey, did you ever pretend there's like, murderers chasing you, and you try and see how fast you can get your keys out and get into your apartment?
Well, 'don't hang around and let your troubles surround you. There are movie shows...'
You know who that is? That's
That I'm gay. People think I'm gay.
How was it? What'd you talk about?
In your way.
I think it's tamber.
I should have let her have it! I held back because of Kramer.
Aren't they supposed to be rolling cigars?
(to Kramer) What's this?
No. No. I don't mind at all.
You know, I don't think we should tell George we saw Jane topless.
It's a Wizard electronic organizer for my dad. I'm goin' to Florida for his birthday.
Who is it?
That's it?
oh, I d-I don't know. I d---
You what?
Beautiful. Let's make it a rule.
(takes the card from Elaine) We had a little fight this afternoon. (reading from card) Let's bury the hatchet. We smoke um peace pipe.
" But I'm damaged goods now."
Aloe. So where's that lock smith?
She likes him I mean she really likes him.
Th..the jacket, it's not here. It's gotta be here somewhere.
What?
No, she's not.
(annoyed) Ma, will you go already?
(In awe. Whispering) The botched it?
Shes really hungry.
Yeah, well, I think I'm bailing.
Hey, could you do me a favour? [pause] Could you shut-up?
Kramer!!
Hey look, there's a spot right in front.
Ok.
Alright. (Elaine enters.)
Listening to you. I listen to this for fifteen minutes and I'm on top of the world. Your misery is my pleasure.
Hi.
It does other things!
Sorry. I don't have any tupperware.
He's incorrigible. You want to talk about it?
Yeah, that's real interesting. Elaine, listen, tell me if you think this is funny - (reads comedy he's written) "Men definitely hit the remote more than women...men don't care what's on TV, men only care what else is on TV. Women want to see what the show is before they change the channel, because men hunt and women nest."
She's bald?
You collect TV Guide?
I know what he is. I recognized him. You didn't even notice him.
I've had this condition since I was eleven! I've been in and out of hospitals my whole life. I have no control over it. Doctors have told me that when I feel it, the best thing to do is just release it. Otherwise, I could die.
It-it rhymes with a female body part.
Well there's spaces there, they must drive!
Elaine?
No, Poppie! No!!
And what's gonna happen?
No, I don't.
Shouldnt you be out on a ledge somewhere?
Ah..........
(to Kramer) You left the door open?!
Oh yeah. He's good. You know he's John Ritter's cousin.
Oh, why?
What do you got there?
What is it that isn't working?
I know, why do they make that bed so tight? You gotta sleep with your feet like that.
(Patting his head I'm a comedian.
Look, you made the allegation. The least you could do is follow up.
(shakes his head) I'm very sorry. (closing the door on Phil. Jerry smiles and shrugs apologetically as Phil stares at them through the glass)
Gay?
So we'll talk about the hooks then?
What's amazing to me about the library is it's a place where you go in you can take out any book you whant they just give it to you and say bring it back when you're done. It reminds me of like this pathetic friend that everbody had when they were a little kid who would let you borrow any of his stuff if you would just be his friend. That's what the library is. A government funded pathetic friend. And that's why everybody kinds of bullies the library. I'll bring it back on time ... I'll bring it back late. ... Oh, what are you going to do? Charge me a nickel?
No, that's no sweet'ning the deal. No.
I dont know how Im going to tell him.
Oh, yeah,. My favourite explorer. Around the world. Come on.
(To George, in a 'cha-ching!' motion) Vermont! (To Ellen) With any luck, they said we could stay an extra couple of days if we want to! (George is disturbed. He gets up, goes go Kramer's door, and knocks. They talk) Four days at a beautiful bed-and-breakfast! I can't wait.. buy-bye. (Hangs up. George and Kramer come into Jerry's apartment, confronting him) What? (George takes the phone off the hook) What is this?
Hey Phil how you doing?
It was a scratch.
Yeah, its some place down in the village.
Oh, well, that's at the cleaners.
Oh, no. I've been kinda busy. It's all.
So you're angry that this bizarre carpet cabal made no attempt to abduct you?
What did you do the rest of the day?
Ah! What'd you find out, Lois?
hey you know it's weird because that voice sounded a little familiar to me
No, come on! I'll buy you another pair!
Yeah.
. . . I can't.
So you don't cry when your grandmother dies? But a hotdog makes you lose control?
Coffee?
Okay? So, she's taking about her panties, so, uh.. So, I said, "You mean the panties your mother laid out for you?"
(doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o!
oh.. uh.. you know your breath is a little garlicky you better take some gum.
Oh. It's in your eye now.
Well, that all depends. . .
That's God's plan. He doesn't really want anyone to get together.
They're only comfortable with *their* equipment.
Uh, you don't have to take a picture.
It's a schnoz.
Well, George doesn't think $13,000 is enough money.
The "Jerry"'s back on - the TV show! George and I are moving to California!
Fire engines?
Yeah, funny. Yeah, I never heard that before. (To George) So, you goin' to the funeral?
If you'll excuse me.
So what's going on with Simon? Did he leave?
and I feel if we can just talk about this we can straighten the whole thing out, so listen, so call me back. Bye.
When did you do this?
Nothing. I'm sure "Jon" probably mispelled his own name. I know sometimes I spell Jerry with a G...and an I! (Laughs uproariously.)
Give me that rye!
Could you move your car back a little?
Could you?
I was hoping you'd offer. (The intercom buzzes, Jerry answers it.) Yeah?
(taking the jacket) Thank you.
Hey Georgie!
Yes, I was very wise to hitch my wagon to his star. (Jerry enters meeting)
All right.
What's going on here. How is that possible?
Yeah, yeah, lucky me. (sips coffee)
You don't need the card. High-end hoagie outfit like that, it's all computerized! (Snaps) They're cloning sheep now.
Did you steal my car?
So you didn't even let the doctor treat you?
We'll see about that. (Runs to the window and shouts up to Kramer, who's on the roof.) Kramer, I'm comin' up! We got a cockfight to win!
Good. How tall is she?
That's nice.
I'm looking at a guy in a semi-daily with tampax in his house and an implied date on Saturday night. I would like to help you out, but...
Yeah, sure. You don't even have a fridge, do you?
Uh, why don't we stay here? The back booth just opened up. (They both walk to the booth and sit down. Suddenly, Gwen is attractive) Now this is a good looking booth.
(to Kramer) To the right.
No, no that's for a drug overdose.
And she said "Yes"?
And you believe this course of action will have a two-pronged effect. Firstly, the very mention of the idea will cause Sandy to recoil in disgust, whereupon she will insist that I remove myself from the premises.
I don't know
Nina?
Oh.
I tried to stop him. I couldn't. He just wants to make people happy.
Ok. (Kramer goes back to his apartment.)
We can only thank God for that.
That's were they got it from!
The woman's movement just can't seem to make any progress in the world of bribery, can they?
Look, I was nice enough to give you the picture. I don't like what I wrote. I don't want it up there. Now please just give it back to me.
Yeah.
It's two roosters peckin' at each other!
Oh yeah, be great for your paper route.
Not Pennypacker!
Pull over? The lieutenant is waiting to see us.
Yeah.
The Drake is great!
How much money is this gonna cost me?
And your teeth, your teeth are all brown.
I don't doubt it.
You did not tell me not to sell.
Milos, I can assure you, I had no intention of telling anyone about your unbelievably bad tennis playing.
Yeah.
She's pretty. She's not beautiful.
I don't think that's it.
Risotto. (we see a flashback from The Mango where Karen tells George that she feels full after a Risotto, as opposed to when she has sex with him)
Well, why would I assume. I never assume. Leads to assumptions.
You gonna do a little yelling?
Under arrest? What for?
Elaine! No! No!
How's the gas situation?
What?
Awright.
STOP IT! SHUT UUUUUUP!!! (to Elaine) Do you believe this? Do you believe what I'm dealing with here, I've got a wild animal in the house! He's deranged, maybe he's got rabies. I can get lockjaw.
Hello
Did he overdose?
Blue Escort? That's my rent-a-car!
Keep it. (implied please)
What for?
Mulva...
No. I know. I - I was really sort of half-kidding.
He's back. And I knew he would be someday. (drinks) Man that's some tart cider!
Well, look at this guy. Look, hes got everything, hes got detergents, sprays, fabric softeners.  This is not his first load.
I'm sure she was just being nice, buying you the coffee.
...You bite it, you bought it.
Really, Im not answering anymore.
What am I saying?
I called, what should I do? (To Jenny) We really appreciate this.
Yeah.
My car? You drove it into the swamp!
Oh, George brought home movies of his boyhood trip to Michigan.
It's not bad.
No thanks, they look like they came out of a cereal box.
(confused) We're talking about people, right?
I don't care if it comes out, I can't sit on that anymore!
Swivel?
No! But maybe you wish it was you who was getting married, not him.
No, no, he's not having a party. He's doing something. I don't know what it is. It's nothing. He's not doing anything.
It's subtle.
And well it should be. I think if you spent any time with me at all, you'd see I'm very sensitive to these matters as well. You wouldn't be hungry by any chance, wouldya?
Really?
He'll like you more...
(to George) He wants to play Kramer in the Pilot.
Here. I got your money.
Oh, hi, Elaine.
Who's it from?
So you don't take your coat off, and now everyone at NYU thinks I'm gay. Not that there's anything wrong with that...
I think that's a little extreme.
There's really nothing wrong on the inside.
Mom and Pop aren't even a Mom and Pop?!
Great job.
He's the same!
I got your poker chips. You got my goggles?
He can't just throw me off the plane!
The thing is, even if we go back by the car, and there's nobody there, how do we know they're not all hiding, waiting for us?
And what about yooou?!? Tryin' to bilk an innocent bystander out of a family fortune, built on sweat and toil, manufacturing quality O'Henry candy bars, for honest, hard-working Americans!
I had a leather jacket that got ruined. Now, why does moisture ruin leather? I dont get this. Arent cows outside most of the time? I dont understand it. When its raining do cows go up to the farmhouse, Let us in, were all wearin leather. Open the door! Were gonna ruin the whole outfit here! Is it suede? I am suede, the whole thing is suede, I cant have this cleaned. Its all I got!
Hello, Charles.
You have to know, you must know.
Ah hah. Let me ask you this. Is there any tampax in your house?
Oh, forget it. Pull yourself together. You're making me sick. Be a man!
Hey, I just said it was stupid.
No.
Good, good.
Well Im glad it's working out.
All right, that's it. From now on no more calling out they found it, unless we're sitting in it. Okay?
(grunting as he throws bread into the air)
What about the soup?
Really, I'm sorry. Maybe another time.
Did you ask Kramer?
(still reluctant) Kramer, I don't wanna stop and talk with everyone, every time I go in the building. I just wanna nod and be on my way.
She should just give up.
He tends to exaggerate.
All right, but this is it, this is the last favor, we're even!
Could you stop the counting?
It doesn't even belong to me. It belongs to the Friars Club.
Hey, I had nothing to do with it.
So this is it, huh?
Kramer you're going to have to face her some time
What happened to you?
Oh, Noel! Yeah, the one who plays bongos...
Yeah.
That's great.
Saturday?.. Well, I have a show in Buffalo on Saturday. They're not gonna bust up my apartment, or anything, are they?
Saving lives? The whole profession is; eh, just put some aloe on it.
Those brave Krakatoans East of Java. who sacrifice so much for so long.
It was a bad jig to begin with, we never should have started this jig.
Heeeey!
You had a date? You went out with my butler? Who said you could go out with my butler?
Kramer, what are you doing here?
Mmm-mmm. Too bad you're engaged.
Hey Todd.
"Guys And Dolls"? Isn't that a lavish, Broadway musical?
All right, go ahead
What if I lose it?
(dry) He knows.
Oh thank you very much.
Well you'd be naked of course.
Hello?
yeah without a doubt, I'm down (Kramer enters) oh hey how're you doing? Jane this is my neighbor Kramer
(Pauses, thinking about what Kramer just said) Put it in.
(answering phone) Hello?
Oh, uh, I think maybe Dick picked up yours.
No.
See, its never as bad as you imagine.
no what?
You could be Colin.
They got away.
I have to. But I'm gonna need to storyboard this whole thing. Where are my magic markers?
It's all right, she was cheating anyway.
Yeah! So
No! Not part of the show! Booing and hissing are not part of the show! You boo puppets! You hiss villains in silent movies!
And they're old jokes. I mean, the Pope and Raquel Welch in a lifeboat.
I am very excited about this date! We're goin' to Hunan Balcony!
Really? I'll have to remember that.
(C0NT'D) Him and his friends are probably peeing all over the place. You want to call the Department of Social Services? Oh, it's Saturday. They're closed today. My luck.
Oh, right.
No thanks, maybe some other time.
Hi shmoopy.
I don't know  he's got some valuable antiques, He's worried they'll break something.
Elaine, what percentage of people would you say are good looking?
What about skunk?
Bad dog! Bad dog! You go outside! Outside!! What do you want from me? Tell me! Money, you want money? I'll give you money, how much?!
Pretend it's interesting.
What'd you say?
Hey Kramer, my parents are gonna have to move back to Florida, isn't that great?
What's this?
You know Elaine, It is not my way to intrude on the personal lives of close fiends....
You're a shmoopy!
George, I've been sick all week. Elaine was too. Eighty miles an hour, forty degree temperature for fifty minutes. Do the math. Yeah, maybe I will get out. Hey, let me just stop off at the drug store first. Okay, meet me down there in fifteen minutes then we'll go do something. Yeah, Selwyn's. Okay bye.
No in a matter of fact it isn't.
Well, uh..
What the hell are you doing here, aren't you supposed to be at work?!?
Anyone who would laugh at a recital is probably some sort of lunatic anyway. I mean only a sick twisted mind could be that rude and ignorant.
(Agreeing) Yeah, we should.
(Agreeing) What's more important?
Why didn't you just ask her for it?
Write it off what?
What about the money? Apparently if I had dissolved my relationship with him prior to his filing chapter eleven, I've could've got the money back. Which I would've done, if a certain imbecile had been able to get to a mailbox and mail a letter!!
Where you going?
Well I think I get the gist of it.
Twenty-five percent, you say? No way! It's like 4 to 6 percent. It's a twenty to one shot.
With all the nudity?
Okay....too bad.
I heard that when Jerry Lewis left a meeting, he'd purposefully leave a briefcase with a tape recorder in it. Then after five minutes, he'd come back for it and listen to what everyone said about him.
Ok Mr. Mandelbaum, what you want me to do?
Yeah, I gotta see a dentist, this is killin' me. Well, I'll take a chance. We'll go together.
Oooh! Bay-bee *doll*!
Yes I do.
I don't recall you drinking Caf Latte.
Hey, I want my van keys back.
(as Kristin is storming out) Well, but, you see, I saved something! See? I can save. I'll see you at the pledge drive, ok?
(indicating the woman) Game, set and match, huh Milos?
Hey.
What look? Nothing.
Maybe they should have a toilet paper museum. Would you like that? So we could see all the toilet paper advancements down through the ages. Toilet paper of the Crusades, the development of the perforation, the first six-pack . . .
Well you should hear the message from my nut. Where's George and Kramer, I want to get inside already, I don't like standing out here, I feel very vulnerable.
well he could say hello to me. I wouldn't mind.
Oh no, look at the checks! Hours of hard work ruined!
I can't call here, it's a coffee shop. I mean what am I going to say to him?
Ah, the lift. Like the lure of the sirens song. Never what it seems to be, yet who among us can resist?
Sure, go ahead.
Are you that desperate?
Actually she has a thing where she spirals her tongue around, it's like--
Im gonna make an appointment for you. Well go together.
I know it's a big problem.. she puts like four pieces in her mouth, it's ridiculous, I don't think we're gonna be able to get together on Saturday night
Oh, no.
Did she mention anything about our lunch?
Shes limiting herself to Latvian Orthodox? Too bad.
Wow! Good work, Nancy Drew
Oh, it doesn't matter now.
I know isn't that something?
Alright.
What do you think the dry-cleaners is your own personal closet!
Kramer?
I didn't make a deal. I just shook your hand.
(Leaving) Right back at ya, Slick.
Elaine danced?
Oh no, I'll tell you what you did Caligula; you combined food and sex in to one disgusting uncontrollable urge.
Is it anything like hitting a home run in softball?
No, no Isabella's, I don't want to go to Isabella's.
Wow! (hitting George)
I don't know. " 5 cups chopped Porcine mushrooms, half a cup of olive oil, 3 pounds of celery, chopped parsley..."
This stuff on top is my friends. Could I get it done in a separate machine?
I was merely speaking extemporaneously.
It's Chinese gum, Lloyd Braun gave me.
We've been trying to get it out of him for ten years. What is it?
Well, what d'you think the hoboes are doing?
Wha...? Wai... wait a second. What do I do?
(opens partition) 'Scuse me, driver, why are we getting off this exit?
Cheque. Now, the fact is, if its a woman in front of you thats writing the cheque, you will not be waiting long. I have noticed that women are very fast with cheques, yknow, cause they write out so many cheques. The keys, they can never find in their purse, they dont know where that is, but the cheque book they got that. They never fumble for the cheque book. The cheque book comes out of a holster (Jerry draws imaginary book from a holster.) Who do I make it out to? Theres my ID. Theres something about a cheque that, to a man, is not masculine. I dont know exactly what it is. I think to a man, a cheque is like a note from your mother that says, I dont have any money, but if youll contact these people, Im sure theyll stick up for me... If you just trust me this one time- I dont have any money but I have these. I wrote on these. Is this of any value at all?
You're passing already? But the show just ended two minutes ago!
Shower?
Well, he called last night about 3 a.m. and we got to talking, he sells Russian hats down at battery park, forty bucks.
Hi. Can I use your bathroom?
So let me get this straight. She saw the floss, you panicked and you told her you liked her.
She's a sentence finisher. It's like dating Mad Libs.
Hi.
Hey, if you two are meant to be together...I'm sure the cops'll pick her up on something.
I gotta get on that internet. I'm late on everything.
Oh, it was nothing.
(Bitter) Good night, Newman.
Oh, the dolphin thing?
Yeah, that's what I was thinking.
Oh. (Intercom buzzes, Jerry answers it) Yeah?
Can't hear a thing.
She's not there!
Yeah, yeah.
Do you even know what this scene is about?
Well, you, my friend, have crossed the line that divides Man and Bum. You are now a Bum.
She didn't stay over?
You know you're turning into Burt Lancaster?
Stomach ache?
So, in effect, the yogurt won him the election.
(talking to George) It's working. (to the girl, who's tapping on the aquarium) Don't tap on the glass.
What are you gonna do about the roommate?
(peering) That's an interesting package.
So this Da Vinci sleep is working out?
Why?
I do favors.
I know.
I don't know. That's like asking "Where's Waldo?"
I think it's Dutch. I got to get going.
Aren't you gonna tell your parents you're still alive?
Intervention.
I'll go if someone else drives. You going?
Right.. Oh, I'm sorry. Uh, oh, so you saw the show?
All right. You know this girl Clare I am seeing?
Kramer!!!
Oh.
Yeah.
Seven?
C'mon, you want to have a baby.
So have your parents found out about it?
Newman!
Miffed.
Who?
So you didn't get the job.
Elaine is in the bathroom. She's wise to whole red dot thing. She's asking me all kinds of questions.
Not bad!
Your pants!
This is real believable.
Uh, here we go. The supervisor. You know what she's saying over there?
[rubbing his eyes hoping the nightmare will end] Okay, I get your point!
What about fine fabrics? How do you deal with that kind of temperament?
Because of Divola! Get in here... How come you're not dressed?
I'm going out with Katya, thanks to you.
(suspicious) I don't know. Maybe to keep her quiet.
Well, one of the gypsies took it.
What everyone does here. - Cooking pork chops.
(wistful) I don't know, I just see you guys together.
We're dead.
But this is what you've always wanted.
Right.
Well, where are you going?
Gee, I dunno what to tell you.
(reluctant) I, I don't want my picture plastered up in the lobby.
Well, what's wrong?
Hey, Georgie! I'm doing some research down at the coffee shop. Your story's the one.
Oh.
Well, it's a delicate mechanism - It, you know, needs lots of packaging.
Really? I thought things were going OK.
That's right, Choochie. Let's see how Bania does without the cushy timeslot.
What can I do?
(dismissing) Yeah, right.
No deal. Not hot.
I don't understand. Is there a problem? (Elaine is pulling a roll of paper towels about twenty feet long) I'm getting the impression there's a problem.
You didn't give that thing back?
Imagine, her taking credit for your big salad.
Hey.
(with a triumphant point) You're busted!
And you're the model for this perfume?
(unenthusiastic) Yeah, we could do that...why not, why not. (pouring the wine) Im just, Im really glad youre here.
Elaine, that's what mail is. Without bills, magazines and junk mail, there is no mail.
All I could think of was when I was looking at her face was; Newman found this unacceptable.
It's like 10 minutes by subway.
Yeah. Too bad, 'cause you gotta have the affection - which you obviously have. I think it's great that you're so open with your affections in public. See, we had that.
Reading for the Blind?
Alright, I'll feel him out.
(sharp) I'll try! I'll try and de-sour and sweeten.
First of all, I made plans with Elaine.
You want to go with me to NBC?
Oh, no...
You want something to drink?
Hey, is Davola outside?
How much are they payin' you?
What could possess anyone to throw a party? I mean, to have a bunch of strangers treat your house like a hotel room.
Oh, you know.
Nice shotgun.
So what plans do you have?
Hey. How's the new place?!
I see that Ziggy's back at the complaint department.. "The New Yorker is stealing my ideas." ha ha ha See that's funny.....'cause it's real.
Get out of here.
Yeah, that's what I said!
Would you care to join us?
Hey, I got a real thing about "shushing"!
Hey is the same thing as hello. What do you think Jeannie.
Y-You boo me?! You hiss?! You didn't stop blathering throughout the whole set!
Hey, did you get Little Jerry, is he O.K.?
Three.
(sarcastically) Yeah, a cup of coffee should cover it.
I heard something. (Looks at the TV) Elaine, Elaine! It's Kramer! Kramer's on "Murphy Brown"!
How is she?
Yeah, dont investigate, dont pay me back, it was an accident.
Anybody want to take a walk down to 48th street? I think I may have tracked down another receipt.
Towards what end?
I did.
all right lets be reasonable, Bania. Im taking you out for a nice dinner. All I want is a little ticket in that pocket. I think it's a pretty good deal.
I don't know.
Beautiful!
Coincidence? This guys in my apartment and then, just by coincidence, he has the same exact statue in his apartment?
Because if he catches us, we'll never be able to get soup again.
Bania.
(flexing his fingers) Sorry. My hand is numb.
Eee-aaa-eee-aaa-eee-aaa...
George?
Who's got the tickets? GEORGE I do. (TO KRAMER) I thought you knew this mall. You said you'd been here before!
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. In what capacity?
For some time... (video of Elaine dancing on the street with Jerry and the street musicians watching her awful dance) It was about five years ago. I never knew what to say to her about it. It was one of those problems I hoped would just go away.
I don't think it's that bad.
It's amazing how shopping makes me have to go. All I have to do is walk into a department store and it's like some kind of horse laxative just kicked in.
No no - this is an emergency - get off the phone.
No tippy toe.
Yeah. (hands racquet to Kramer) I wasn't gonna get it, but this guy Milos, who runs the pro shop, he really recommended it.
Because he's my butler!
Below the equator?
(struggling to open a bottle with his bandaged finger) I can't do it. (A LA GODFATHER) Look what they did to my boy, They massacred my boy.
Well I was just trying to be supportive, you know. I knew you were upset.
All right.
How'd it taste?
Why what did I do?
How could you not care?
Oh, you're crazy.
Oh, Where did you eat?
What is it?
Well, let's think. Have you ever dealt with the poor in any other situation?
So it's all over?
Just checking it out. Look at how this thing is made. Can I tell you something? That's a hell of a piece of equipment.
Of course.
See...women really want to see what the show is before they change the channel...
(startled) Kramer!
(To Assistant) I'll get you a Chuckle. You want me to get you a Chuckle?
Sing it, sister!
(to George) No. (to Kramer) I told you not to say anything.
Yeah right.
Tell me what?
Um, who do I make it out to?
Did you wrench it? Did you jam it? Maybe you squeezed it. Turned it...
Could be years before I get back to Coney Island. I can't go to rides alone.
I know. They're not even related.
Wait, where are you going? Don't take your dolly and go home.
What is that music?
...I got you an apartment in this building.
The thing is, yesterday, I kind of.. uh..
You know, maybe they thought you looked too smart to be brainwashed?
Doofus?
That's what's so fascinating.
Alright, I gotta go back to the hospital.
Yes, they do!
Nothing's happened.
Sixteen hundred dollars? That's all? *Ooh*, they are ripping me off.
No, I'll be back.
What happened?
Where you had, uh, wooden teeth.
(getting looks from his parents) Not you. Older people.
No good?
The Portuguese waitress?
Well, ...
Oh my God is that the new perfume?
Sons of bitches?
Mom, I'm not married.
So, George...
(to Kramer) Hey (snaps fingers) get your stuff, let's get going.
You know, if the situation were reversed and Manya had some mah-jongg championship or something, I wouldnt expect her to go to my funeral. I would understand.
Hey! Same initials . How do you like that?
Still with the neck hole?
How could she be smarter than you?
(seeing Elaine enter Monk's) Oh, great. Elaine. What is wrong with my body?
Do you ever win at poker?
(Walks over and starts pulling on Kramer's pants) You just gotta wiggle your hips a little bit.
Hey! How'd it go with the cocktail franks?
I'd love to, but I don't know anything about him. He could be one of those people that walks around the street pricking people with pins.
I'm looking forward to it.
I'm calling you one if you are one, are you a liar?
What am I drinking, milk?
"No no you said George likes spicy chicken."
Walk me down to the Friars.
(Jokingly playing off Kramer's statement) With a different body.
Yeah.
That is a sad story. Hey, you should have been here tonight. Some guy from NBC saw my set, he wants me to do a showcase. I might have another shot at a pilot.
What? What? Did you go down there? (George nods.) Did he tell you whats gonna happen? (George shakes his head.) How long were you there?
George, if you could master this, you'll never be alone again.
Shes gotta be here soon.
What do you mean, no?
No foolin'
(unimpressed) I, really can't say.
You can't even play.
And nothing could change your mind?
Yes
Yeah.
Very good
Ohh ... (takes the ticket and heads for the dressing room)
They're not letting me in.
"I think so."
Well, if I call her, there's no joking around anymore. This is pretty much it.
Well, what about all that money from the kimonos I wear?
Is he wretchedly poor? Does he wear one of those barrels with the straps?
(Shocked at his parents) You're stealing too?!
Yeah, I know. Maybe uh, you wanna sell me that one.
Hey, David.
Hey, nice shoes. What, you wear sandals to work? It's always nice to walk into a room and get the aroma of feet. That's real conducive to the work atmosphere. I'm sure your co-workers really appreciate it. 'Hey, let's go eat in Toby's office. Great idea! We can check on her bunions!'
Would. Does. Is.
What noise?
Well, I just...don't wanna get into a whole thing with you here...
What are you bringing snowballs in here for?
So you're gonna show up at that party with a chewed-up pencil and Kramer's gnarled arm.
Sorry buddy, clean house. It's all health food.
There's a lot of change down there.
(jocular) You got any kids?
No, she's not.
Witchy Woman?
Hey, that's dynamite. You know, Lena, I wanted to talk to you about something...you know, because you're such a good person -
(smiling) Alright. Seven-thirty, got the place to myself.
O.K. from now on I want you to call me "Jerry the Great".
You know, I could probably shoot him from here. I'd be doing us both a favor.
Well, I think we're gonna need more than a hand. They have to see a human face.
Yeah well, it's about time one of us drew a line in the sand.
Yeah, that's a deal. That's a terrible deal. I don't want to go out to dinner with him. Id rather make my own suit.
Hey, sorry Kenny. Guess you got your work cut out for you.
No I'm not. (to Michael) George. Is Haagen-Dazs Danish?
Yeah and...?
This is my friend George.
Hey, believe me, you were better off not knowing. It's not easy to deal with someone in a situation like this. I was so nice to him I almost made myself sick.
No one's going to do that.
It looks like your belt is digesting a small animal.
Heyy! Terrific.
He fired you?!?
Restaurants too?
Okay.
It's still bleak.
Hello.
What happened to your head when you got hit?
No. No, no way, no Bania.
What's with the signs?
What did I do?
Hey, guess what? The Drake broke up.
The Dentist?
Hey! Officer! Someone took my European carryall!
Thousand.
What, you dont want to do this?
Is he still in town?
Nope. I don't think so.
It was a bisque.
All right. Anyway, the point I was making before Goerbbles made your hamburger is a man like you could be dating women twenty years younger. C'mon Uncle Leo, I've seen the way women look at you. When's the last time you looked in a mirror? You're an Adonis! You've got beautiful features, lovely skin, you're in the prime of your life here, you should be swinging. If I were you I'd tell this Lydia character, "It's been real," move back into that bachelor pad and put out a sign; Open for business.
Can you move over at all?!
Yeah I better get to a doctor, bye. (Hangs up) That was close! What drives me to take chances like that?
No.
Well, if they make squeeze mustard, doesn't it stand to reason that they make squeeze ketchup?
Yes, hi, Mr. Peterman. This is, uh, George Costanza.
Ya, or if you're ever on Fifth Avenue here in New York City, you could get some there.
Then this Pennsylvania Dutch thing comes out of nowhere. I mean, how am I supposed to respond to that?
Wa, it's two weeks old.
okay , bye (to George) What happened , did you take it off?
Is that right?
Thats perfect.
Aah, French fries.
Yeah, where is Russell? I thought he was gonna be here.
Nexus of the universe. Hey, Cindy. Cindy.
So, what are you gonna do now? Are you gonna look for something else in real estate?
Didn't you see the sign on the door?
Then it was trash.
Oh, he's coming.
Alright. (Jerry opens the door for George)
You ripped off a Ziggy?
Kramer, you've been arrested as a serial killer!
(Saddened) Doesn't look like it's gonna happen.
No, because that's...
George?
(shocked) Wha, what are you talking about?
You scared me!
Are you nuts? I don't want her to think I'm one of those low-rise briefs guys who shaves his chest.
Well, I didn't count on my mechanic pulling a Mary-Beth Whitehead, did I?
So you called the cop a pig?
(continuing to pack) That's a nice four seconds.
Oh, hi Ellen.
Artsy?
Unbuttoned, or all the way off?
Are you kidding?
What you're suggesting is illegal.
I can't. He loves me. He says I'm his most loyal customer. Plus he's right there on the corner. I'd have to pass him every day when I go by.
You sure? You look a little pale.
Ok, I'll see you after school. I.m late for Hayman's hygiene.
I don't think you'll throw up. *She* likes to throw up.
Mohair, I think.
What's all this stuff?
So?
So forget about your clothes.
Is it a good one?
For crying out loud, He's Superman. (Fulton stops laughing, Jerry's face is stunned) Fulton? (looks at him) Fulton?
Well then the turkey it'll be. And may I say you have a splendid establishment here, my friend. I'm sure you flourish at this location for many, many years.
(somber) That's wonderful news. Thank you.
No, no that's not him. What happened to him? I can't believe it. I lost him. That stupid idiot. Now what are we going to do?
Thank you, no.
Well, I'm a prospective member.
Kramer... Oh look, there's Mickey and his parents.
Don't feel right? What are you talking about?
No. We gotta go to the soup place.
I'll talk slower. I'm kidding - I love Cellblock D. My friend George is in Cellblock D. What are you in for,sir?
Really?
Hi.
George and Elaine went to a flea market in Westchester, okay?!
(Not willing to believe how much uglier she is) Really?
Its good to see you.
Well, so what? you've gone six weeks before.
Oh, no, not Frankie.
You go out with a guy one time, you ask him to go upstairs like you're Mae West? Of course he's gonna try and get you alone for the weekend.
Just wait there. I'll pick you up, and, Kramer, stay alive no matter what occurs, I will find you!
Lloyd.
I don't need a personal trainer. (Kramer comes in) all right I've got to go, we'll talk about this later.
We have to do it. It's part of our lifestyle. It's like, uh.. shaving.
Well, what about Susan?
Oh, we finished early.
Oh, wow.
He's nine years old! You don't need karate, you can just wring his neck!
What you must understand, Elaine, (picking up the umbrella) packing is no different than leading men into battle. (Jerry hits his bag rhythmically with his umbrella.) Youve gotta know the strengths and weaknesses of every soldier in that platoon. From a collapsible toothbrush to a pair of ordinary black socks.
Boy, a little too much chlorine in that gene pool. (They sit) And, you know, the thing is, they're never gonna know, no one's ever gonna tell them.
A mental institution?
Uhh... no.
I really think the M&M should be you.
Yeah, I know.
O.K. Thank you very much. Thank you. Gee, boy!
What are you two doin' here?
Tonight. I have to call her, she's staying in a hotel.
You do the tub?
You'll see. (pause) Boy, I had no idea you felt this way about the Costanzas'
I don't blame you. I blame myself.
It's not one of those 976 calls, is it?
Wait a second, you got the Mark McEwan TV Guide.
I think I finally figured out what the flavor is in this gum. It's a little lo-mein-y. (he spits it into the waste bin)
What about me?
Is Tatiana coming?
Hey, you better cut it out Ramon. Just stop it.
But you were just grabbing on to them to save your life. If you were drowning and I threw you a life preserver, you think you could tell me if it was an inflatable?
No, its not that. It wasnt all one-sided.
He's gone, George.
She's into it.
Alright, I'm waiting. I-I want to see the pig-man. Show me the pig- man.
First you ruin her relationship with the High Talker.
Come on. Then you dont have to see him again til my 15,000-mile check.
How late are the stores open? Im thinking of maybe uh, buying a new TV and smash it over my head.
oh my god
What are you looking at? (Kramer goes out onto the terrace and looks down.) Oh, that! We had to leave that outside, last night, because the water was making the room too cold.
(His thoughts) I'm so nauseous. She's the worst driver.
I believe he is wearing a cape.
Thank you. Nice job.
You can't do that. You can't just leave the group.
Are we about throw here Newman?
(thinking) Oh God. Get me out of here. What a mistake. What made me think this would work? And Ive still got another day! Ive got nothing left to say. Wait... wait... Got one. (to Vanessa) Thats a nice watch. Do you wind it?
I'm watching Edward Scissorhands.
(hands it to him as he asks ELAINE) So how'd it go with Kevin? Did you, steel-toe his ass back to Kentucky?
Hello?
(out of window) George, the buzzer's broken! I'll come down!
Who are you describin'?
(accusingly) Hey, this is the zee page of my address book.
Oh, hey Mike.
All right, biff. Elaine, merry-go-round?
That's enough.
(Elaine walking down the hall they notice her and wave her into the room) Elaine! Get! (She enters)
I know a little.
Are you sure?
Well, you can wait for him in here if you like.
What are you doing?
Around eleven.
Well, I've never seen anything like this in my life. In fact, I went to the car wash, they want 250 dollars to detail it, and get the smell out. I'm not payin' for that. That's not my responsibility. In fact, I'm drivin' up to that restaurant now, and *demand* they pay for it.
Can I just go up?
I thought you were going out with Celia?
Yeah. He's been off the wagon for two years.
Well today's almost over. And weekdays always go by fast. Friday we're leaving. It's like two days really. It's like a cup of coffee. It will go by like that. (snapping his fingers)
What?
Alright, alright. Uh, undo them. I'll help you get them off.
So, what are you up for? How about Mexican?
Well, there's only one thing to do. Eliminate her.
Yeah.
Toilet paper?
Okay... [To a bamboozled Elaine] It's a business thing...
Yeah, he seems pretty happy.
Oh, he's having a heart attack.
Not for me, I love chatting.
(still with his sunglasses) Have you ever noticed how they always give you the peanuts on the planes?
What?
Isn't he the one with the show on cable?
Pinter?
Looking everywhere for some kind of meaning...
(Sarcasticly joking) It certainly has.
Wh..why didn't you tell me before you sold it?
(Trying to get rid of her) Yes, I think it's a fine idea. Well, good night.
So when are we gonna see this baby? When is the momentous event?
That was him?
You sure?
Yeah?
Why do you say that?
George? (walks away to talk privately. George, still casual, taps on Jerry's shoulder) I don't have a lot of experience with this acting stuff. But from what I can gather, they're a little touchy about being told how to say the lines.
No, of course not, just close the door when you leave.
Pardon?
(To Puddy) Ill be right back.
So what are you gonna do?
Didn't you call in sick yesterday?
So are you going to bring your gun?... All right, then it's settled. First date, no weapons... All right I'll see you then... Okay, bye.
No, its not you. Its your stomach, hes taking with this funny, booming, jovial voice. (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o.
Hey!
You iknow I talked to the rabbi outside.
John Houseman?
Hello Leo. You don't have to yell.
For a date?
No rush.
You dont think it mightve had anything to do with that?
Oh, gross. That's not gonna be good for business.
(interested) Really?
You should've had some eggs.
Nah, I dont go for these non-refundable deals. I cant commit to a woman. Im not going to commit to an airline.
So you lie! What did you tell her?
Isn't it Myanmar now?
I invented that.
Huh.
Yeah.
Oh, come on.
Boy, they really do sound comfortable.
Yeah.
No, I don't have any ashtrays.
(Like a little kid) But, I don't want to be a pirate!
Yeah, I started out real classy...
Hi. Sorry I'm late. There's a lotta chairs and balloons in my apartment. How 'bout I make it up to you with dinner?
Yes, I'm impugning a continent.
Look at my picture!
I thought you were leaning towards Julie.
No kidding.
But you could?
What you need is a translator to go in the shop with you and tell you what they're saying.
Kramer, are you still on this? I've seen gymnasts. I know what they do. It's not going to make any difference.
Really?
I swear to God, if you send me fifty dollars, you are gonna be so sorry!
It does itch. Maybe I will go down at Kruger and talk to her.
(Crying) What--what is this salty discharge?
Am I going? It was three nights ago.
Stolen?
Damn right! We've been lapdogs long enough!
(Modest) Oh, you know, the usual..
Yeah, you remember yesterday? Beautiful day... good day to be... out.
That's usually the kind of mood I'm in when I haven't showered.
Yea they're taking one, the travel agent is trying to set something else up for them.
Well, I think he could've asked me. Supposed to be a friend of mine.
Is it my imagination or is it freezing in here?
So get this we're in the park today Alex goes wild for this hairless dog.
Sexual?
That's one of Dante's nine stages of hell, isn't it?
Hi Elaine.
Hm.
What?
Yeah, I saw him.
Yes I do, Kramer.
It's Jerry. Who's this?
Hey, are you still wearing those things.
(interrupting) No no it's ok. (walking Rachel out) So we'll go see Schindler's List later right?
(Takes the bottle from him) Just swallow 'em.
So it's like going to Idhao and eating carrots. I like carrots, but I'm in Idhao, I want a potato.
I don't know why you're interested in this guy, he's a jerk.
Hi, Mr. Pitt! Is Elaine there?
So, Elaine, notice anything different about my... pants?
Well, I'm gonna do something about this.
I tell you George, I don't think we want to walk in there and put a big plastic jug of Pepsi in the middle of the table.
So, where do you want to eat tonight?
I read it in Ann Landers.
Corvelay!
She lives with her parents.
You know you could've thrown a pencil out the window and seen if that came back.
All right, all right. (trying on the suit jacket)
Pretty lucky to find this hotel, Jean-Paul.
(to umbrella guy) Hey. Nice twirl you got there. You know who invented that, don't you?
Look, I'll go downtown to Chinatown with him, but that is it!
(On the phone) George, stop worrying about this guy. It wasn't your fault.. Come on, he's not stalking you.
You know, I'm kinda tired myself. Maybe I'll just sleep here on The couch. Then in the morning, you'll get dressed, we'll walk out together. Both dressed, different clothes. Well, I'll be in the same clothes. You'll of course be in different clothes, because it's your apartment. But we'll go downstairs, me in my same clothes, you in your different clothes.
She's not Lincoln.
A few years ago the comedy club had a softball team. Kramer was our first baseman You couldn't get anything by him It was unbelievable. Anyway this one game we came back to win from like 8 runs behind. So Kramer says to Richie why don't you dump the bucket of Gatorade on Marty Benson's head? The club owner. So Richie goes ahead and does it.
Oh, yeah.
Stolen? When?
You know with all do respect I would think it's right up your alley.
Hello Newman.
I didn't want to hurt his feelings.
(tossing the ball) Here you go.
What would you say if I told you that...
Look, you can hang out here if you want.
Nothin'.....nothing at all.
So I'm never gonna see her again, I'm going cold turkey.
Ill have the, ah, turkey club without the bacon.
But Kramer--
I uh, I uh, I arranged for the appropriate accommodations. And then, Knick tickets, floor seats.
(pulling on a jacket) Mmm-hmm.
Have you ever heard of egg salad?
Flowers?
No, hes just a little bloated.
It's been three days already, forget about Lupe.
(answering) Hello?
Who said that?
Howbout this, come one down to Leapin' Parry's if you can beat our prices, we'll give you the store.
Oh, man, that yogurt place - you're going to make a fortune.
oh! thank you.
Yeah.
They do have their own schools!
I never said I'd do that.
I'm not married!
How did you get in?
Yeah, your widower story's tested through the roof. (various patrons give the thumbs up in approval) When are you getting out of there?
Well this is not like a park bench where you just come in and sit down. It's a business.
No resources, no skill, no talent, no ability, no brains.
Oh! God.. Oh! man.....Oh! brother!!! I can't believe what I'm hearing. This woman his talking to me on my tape recorder while I was on stage. This is wild. I've never heard anything like this in my life. Listen to this.
Alright, alright.
You seemed a little mad.
So what.
(Opens the door) C'mon, you wanna go for a ride? (Starts jiggling his keys - as if he's calling out for a dog) Huh? C'mon! C'mon!
What do you think?
I don't know, they drink and they bend things at the bar.
You plunked him.
Ah ... let's call it even.
(Trying to calm George down) It's routine surgery.
I got your message, (sitting) so I came straight from Atlantic City.
Aw, I doubt you strained it. Maybe you pulled it.
Really? What would you like to do?
Ooh, nothing.
Boy, he's a real bounder, isn't he?
They're hands!
I can't give details.
You don't have to whisper. She knows she's a maid.
Well what makes them think you're a risk management expert?
No, no. He's pretending he's got gonorrhea so med students can diagnose it.
..living together after a while we... we might start to get on each others nerves a little.
Know *what*?
Aaa. Well ... you want something to eat, don't you?
Oh well if it isn't Shakey the Mohel! Nice job on the circumcision but it's not supposed to be a finger.
What's with you?
It's the obligation, you know? As soon as this person comes in, you know you have to do this. I mean, if you could, say, touch a breast as part of the kiss hello, then I think I could see the value in it a little better.
Do you wanna fight?
You're walkin' like Frankenstein!
When do you intend to do this?
I wish I could take credit for it. It's actually the line my butcher uses when we're chewing the fat. How about that beautiful desk over there? (hides meat in napkin in jacket)
Wait a minute . Did you say chunky wrappers?
Hey, Jean-Paul. How was your soak? Was a good soak?
Ya know I feel a little funny calling somebody Maestro.
Lemon Tree.
Poppie!
She looked great.
Let me get that.
No! Dry-cleaned.
(trying desperately to make conversation) So, Ceausescu. He must've been some dictator.
Where did you get that butcher's coat?
(doubtful) You were in the Army?
(laughing) Oh you must have done something.
Thirty-six. What's the signal? Howbout this? Chicken wing? No, no, no, I got a better one. Head patting.
We won't ruin the friendship.
Ah, high finance. Bulls, Bears, people from Conneticut.
I don't know, she just sits there.
What is this obsession people have with books? They put them in their houses like theyre trophies. What do you need it for after you read it?
I'm sorry I didn't get any sleep you kept kicking me in the face.
ya
What's the difference?
The engine's made by McDonnell-Douglas.
I don't have it!
Oh my God. You had sex. You had sex with Louise!
Oh, right. The guy who talks with a really high voice.
I got you an apartment in the building.
Well, y..you showed her who you are.
So, how'd your date work out with the mysterious Connie?
Jerry.
So you're enjoying the not enjoying.
Oh, right, right.
He's a writer from Entertainment Weekly . I would like to have a good show.
You dont think that I killed her?
Sure.
Why, you don't think it's a good job?
No, its no problem at all.
Are you sure you didn't hear my car making a funny noise? I know those two idiots did something to it.
"That's the guy?"
I'm taking the car. I gotta run some errands. You want to go?
AH. Yes that's gonna make a big difference.
What are you so worried about this for?
Her aunt dying is the best thing that ever happened to you.
Vandelay. Wait a second. Mr. Pennypacker, if you're here, and Mr. Vandelay is also here, then who's watching the factory?
Believe me I didn't see anything.
Yes.
Oh screw him! (George enters)
What are you doing here?
Oh, my God. Did he get fired?
What are you doing? Don't tell a woman she looks like a man and George doesn't want to hear his girlfriend looks like me and frankly neither do I
Comes in a wide variety of colors.
So what'd we get?
Yeah, yeah, you're right. Excuse me, excuse me. Would you mind. I'd like to take the picture back.
Hey that sounds great, I'd love to do some TV commercials, that should really be fun.
No.
I'm calling Kramer's mother. (Picks up the phone, dials.) (To Elaine) I don't know what you said. But it was something. I heard something. Hello? Hello, Mrs. Kramer? Mrs. Kramer? Could you turn the music down? Could you turn the music down!
Yeah.
So that's it - it's settled, we're going to Paris.
He went to get some steak sauce. Why?
Elaine?
It's liable to bounce and go into a sewer.
So...
But I'm so good.
I couldn't
Huh.
(stares into coffee cup and looks back at George) Problem?
Yeah.
No way I'm payin' that! I returned that book in 1971. I have a witness Sherry Becker. She wore an orange dress. She gave me a piece of black jack gum. It's a licorice gum. What do ya' think of next I remember it. (thinks out loud, opens phone book) Becker, ... Becker, ...
Raspberry, Strawberry ...
Yeah.
Donna, really, youre making too much of this.
What?
How about when Harrison Ford jumped out of that plane, and he was shooting back at them as he was falling?
All right. Flush twice.
Well, actually, it's kind of a funny story because she has this amazing toy collection and last night I finally got to play with them.
Kramer, give me that rooster!
Girls. There's girls right here in the store. Look, look, there's one over there. Look, there's another one. Soon as I walk outside there'll be girls out there. What's the matter?
What do you mean not going? why not?
See ya.
Is this it? Is this how it ends? It can't- it can't end like this.
Tony, y-you better bring that car back!
It's the new J. Peterman catalog. Look.
Why do I always have the feeling that everybody's doing something better than me on Saturday afternoons?
(watching George buttoning his shirt) What is this?
Not really, but it's something. Ask the people behind you.
Well, I went with her to the hospital last night.
What about?
(pleased) I'll call George!
Oh, it's Risk, it's a game of world domination being played by two guys who can barely run their own lives. (Picks up phone and dials) Hello Tim? Yeah, hi, it's Jerry Seinfeld, remember those tickets I gave you? Well it turns out I can use them. Oh, you do? I understand. Okay. Bye. He already made plans, he can't change them.
Isn't he supposed to be the emcee?
(on the phone) Dad, I wouldn't eat anything you caught in that pond out in front of the condo.
Ah, I'm so sorry.
(pointing Kramer) He drank it.
Put it over there.
Okay.
Kramer said it's a perfect gift. That's what we're gettin' him.
This weekend. WOW!
What!?
The only bad thing is, we have to go out with a chaperone.
It's nice to get a reach.
Stop it, George. Stop it. I'm sorry, you've gotta get a job.
Oh Brain, what are you doing? You cannot beat me. Do you have any idea who you're dealing with? Forget about it!
Hm.
Nah, I got it from a guy on the street. It was, like, fifty bucks.
No.
No problem.
He can have a donut,
Yeah...
Come in, we're taking a break.
No, that's ok, I really don't need any money.
We'll be fine, what did she say?
No kidding?
Dinner?
Kramer, these people work and wait their whole lives to move down here, sit in the heat, pretend it's not hot, and enforce these rules.
Too good.
Hey. How was the Rainbow Room?
Yea. (pulls at the t-shirt) This is Golden Boy's son Baby Blue.
Your friend, Noreen.
Oh, so you need to know?
Okay, thank you. (hangs up the phone)
(To himself) I don't believe this! (Walks over to a security guard) Excuse me, I wonder if you could do me a favor? My uncle's having a little problem with shoplifting..
See? You give, and you get.
Yeah.
(Persisting) No, no, we put this off long enough. Today's the day.
Yeah.
My cable hook-up? What about it?
(hangs up the phone) Yeah, I really needed that suit.
I guess that's all right.
Now you're talkin' crazy!
All right, Ill be back.
I thinks it's kind of a pompous look. You know my parents used to have a kitchen chair that would have been perfect.
Yes you would.
Alright, that's very good. Thank you.
Oh! No it's Sally Weaver.
You can't take that chemist out.
Oh no, where's the blood? (opens the fridge) It's in here isn't it?
You're going to rub out the dog?
Sure.
You never know.
Okay. (He leaves)
Ok.
So I take it he's spongeworthy?
We'll call him...
No, it's-
Uh, good.
All the time.
Youre not
You too.
Yeah, I think you would.
What are you talking about? I bombed!
Really?
Because of Ted Danson.
Me? What about you? You brought up the pony.
You may have a point.
Have I been picking at it? No. You know. It's just wear and tear.
Yeah.. I've been waitin' out their marriage for three years.
So they have hotdogs there.
But gymnastics is not for everybody.
Did you call me a wuss?
And she was beautiful in that bra! I'm crazy about her! I love her whole free swinging, free wheeling attitude!
Yeah, big surprise.
I'll pay for it.
Hi Uncle Leo.
Yeah. I really like her.
Never?
Ow. Stupid fold-out! Why'd they put the bar in the middle of the bed?
Well, one cannot help[ but wonder what brings you into a crummy little coffee shop like this.
youre a real pleasure. (Jerry is being sarcastic)
One of the problems in life is that when youre a kid, you have a certain way of working out disagreements. And those laws do not work in the adult world. One of the main ways that kids resolve any dispute is by calling it. One of them says, I got the front seat I wanted the front seat! I called it. And the other kid knows hes got nothing to say He called it. What can I do? If there was a Kid Court Of Law, it holds up. Your Honour, my client did ask for the front seat And the judge would go, Did he call it? Well no, he didnt call- BANG! (Jerry imitates a judge banging his gavel.) He has to call it, case closed. Objection overruled.
That's the rule.
What do you mean? They know we're here.
I know.. How about dessert?
Get in the car! Get in the car!
I dont know.
I'm in the book and I have a machine.
What are you talking about?
All right. Put 'em on top.
Oh, George can't click! (George joins in the fight)
You don't drink.
I don't even have the extra ticket yet.
No.
All right, I'll see you later.
Sixty-six years old?
I can't do this.
Two Forty-Five.
I'm a joke maker.
So how long do they do this?
(Thinks) What does she say...?
Look who's here! Georgie-boy!
So what would you do? You'd hitch?
Of course I remembered. You reminded me everyday for two months. Oh, the card. (She opens)
have some more, take some for the road.
I gave a look?
What happened? My car *stinks* is what happened. And it's destroying the lives of everyone in it's path.
So when I saw George on the street with an 18 pound turkey and a giant box of wine, I thought ... What a coincidence. We're just about to eat.
You know what that makes you?...A baldist.
Oh, my God...
It was pretty ugly from the get go. he's not listening, He's hostile, he's talking back.
All right, fine. Get the soup!
(sarcasm) Yeah, well, lemme know when you get something in there and I will.
Yeah.
No reason...
It's Patty.
(mind's voice) Just a salad? Just a salad? Just a salad?
I was wearing that sweater in the coffee shop when Barry came in.
Why do I always pay? What am I made of money? You bunch of deadbeats.
A little
He's the pool guy.
Kramer, look, it's George.
Move it! Move it! Get going!
So, let me ask you something - these people eat soup three times a day?
I can't believe I'm doing this. I never do stuff like this.
Nah.
Maybe because she knows you're going to jail.
Look at that woman feeding her baby greasy, disgusting, coffee shop corned beef hash. Isnt that child abuse?
I just came by to tell you - I'm really, really happy about this relationship. Really happy.
(tapping the spatula while waiting for waffles to be done) Any second now. Light is on! Melissa, waffles are ready.
Let's put him over here.
I don't think the network will go for it.
And, best of all, it's a Cadillac.
(as if speaking to a moron) Those belong to people.
I dont see architecture comin from you.
Not yet.
But I'm keeping it. As much as I hate the idea of being a van guy, it's much better than hanging out here with the nocturnal dirt people.
No, car accident. He was trying to adjust his toupee while he was driving and he lost control of the car.
You were very nice!
Yeah and?
Oh, no.
Oh, see that's not fair. We-We were here ahead of all these people.
I mean, it was something we did. Probably about, what? Twenty-five times?
What are you talking about.
Why not?
Yes, A...?
Well, I got my troops amassed along the border - I'm just waiting for someone to give me the go-ahead.
Hi, sorry I'm late.
(shrugs) Hey George I think I want to bring a date to the wedding
I know. Well, okay. Okay. What else do ya like?
You loaned her Pitt's racquet?
[Into intercom] Yes?
..She was sitting at the table where I had my tape recorder...Okay great. Thanks again.. bye. HA Ha..Who do these women think they're dealing with? Did she think she was gonna leave this incredibly erotic message on my tape and I was just gonna let it go. Not Bloody likely...
I don't know.
(Moving back into the living room) Okay.
We'll still make the movie.
I never should have made up those rules.
That's right, Gavin Palone. What? Are you sure? He was released on Monday? *Last* Monday? Did he leave a phone number or address? Unbelievable. Well thank you, thanks, thanks very much. (Hangs up) That's it, Farfel! Party's over! Start packing up your little squeeze toys buddy boy, you're checking out!
That's got to hurt, I don't care where you're from!
(getting worked up) I don't need the money.
Oh
So, George, guess what? Lena found out how I got her number.
Hey, Tim.
How's it coming?
No, thats great! Thats terrific!
$40 seems kind of steep for a nap.
Look at this! A phone! A two-line phone!
There must be some kind of lab that would do that kind of thing.
Yes, all right, Katie.
Well, its a tough thing to talk about uh. I dunno...
How'd you expect to get out of here?
What's his name?
In his dreams.
Huh?
Y'know I have some friends who try and base their whole life on that principle.
I dunno...
Oh, it's not that bad!
All right, now you call it in the air.
So, we're givin' him nothing?
No it isn't.
Come on.
No, no tricks.
Okay, fine. Has Simons been in touch with him?
So. I figure since she likes one hairless animal why not another.
(Opens his door slightly for Elaine) Dating Marla.
Face to face.
Oh beautiful. Listen, we've got a little problem here, we've got two extra tickets.
'Thick lustrous hair is very important to me,' is that what you said?
That's incredible!
'Till she found out Elaine slept with the groom.
Hey.
Two hundred seats on a plane, I gotta wind up next to Yukon Jack and his dog Cujo. Shut up! One more day and you are pound bound!
Yeah, what about those English sirens, you know...eee-aaa-eee-aaa-eee-aaa...
All right. Elaine.
I don't know.
Really? Did you talk to him?
Well, why can't you say it?
It was my fault, I told her the wrong door.
Alright.
Look we've been through this already. You're not an actor!
..Alright.
Oh, I wouldnt quite say that.
You picked up on a vibe, from a nun.
All right. But then I can't tell you the BIG news.
I didnt know what the coma etiquette was.
Oh, no. I explained the whole thing to him, he was fine with it.
Hey George.
(He hesitates) Yes! That stupid idiot. He left her for Kimberly, he slept with her sister. He tricked her into giving him half her business, and then she goes ahead and sleeps with him again. I mean she's crazy. How could she do something like that? Oh that Jane, she makes me so mad.
Yeah!.. Thanks.Oh! my god you saved my life.
No eight years isn't such a long streak.
Oh, hey Ramon.
I remember that night.
Hey.
What?
Maybe he didn't know?
Hey buddy. I'm on no sleep, no sleep!. You don't know what it's like in there, all night long things are creaking and cracking. And that red light is burning my brain!
So when do you have to get the racquet back to Mr. Pitt?
(to George) So did you bring the lease? (George takes the lease from his inside pocket and hands it to Jerry.) All right, gee, three years, that kinda seems like a long time.
Yeah.
No no no, dont interrupt the cycle. The machine is working, it, it knows what its doing. Just let it finish.
Hey!
What?
Oh, I thought it was like an igloo.
Hey, you're not giving it to me, man. What's wrong?
(looking behind the counter) Hey, is that Babu? It is! (walking over) Hey, Babu!
And even when she did like something, she doesn't laugh. She says, "That's funny." ... That's funny!
What?
Thats what you want to see, yeah. . . . Yeah, you want to trade your hair for some phlegm.
She's nice.
Uh-huh.
(Muttering) Oh, just trying to (Rudely grabs the phone from her) help me.. (Into the phone) Hello? Sandra? Hi, uh, this is Jerry Seinfeld. (Elaine now has her hand in a bowl of popcorn - grabbing a fistful) Listen, I - I just want to tell you, (Jerry sternly grabs Elaine's hand - forcing her to drop the popcorn, then shoves her hand away. Elaine sits back like a scolded child) There's been a terrible misunderstanding See, I told Elaine that, uh, it was a real treat talking to you on the phone, and she thought I was being sarcastic, you know, 'cause I'm a comedian and all. She thought I meant (Deeply sarcastic) "Yeah, it was a real treat talking to her on the phone." (Back to normal) You know, but I was really being sincere.. No, of course I like you.. Tonight? ..Um, uh, hold on a second. (To Elaine, whispering) Now she wants to have a drink with me. (Elaine mouths out "Just go" while making gestures. Jerry, again, gives in. Back on the phone) Yeah, I think I can.. Um.. yeah, I know where that is.. Ok.. uh, I'll see you there. Okay, bye. (Hangs up, peeved) Now I gotta have a drink with her.
Hey, Susan, George.
What's this all about?
Just . . . do it.
She's got really nice hair.
Ah, who are any of her losers?
"So what did Tim say?"
Corvelay?
There's girls everywhere. I go out of my apartment, there's girls in the elevator. They're in cafeterias, subways, so what?
No, I dont think so. Ive seen you two together. You make each other miserable. Its kismet.
I told you, forget it.
Defence? Please. ...They need speed.
Jerry.
Hey, he just got me thirty percent off on an air conditioner.
How could they not fire you?
20 thousand dollars from Kruger? You're not keeping this.
Aaahhhhh!!
(Puts his hand over his mouth) What?
I didn't know.
Yeah, see you there.
So was I right about the flirting? Was it true?
And you were integral.
Oh, thats okay.
I don't want it.
Well, I don't if what you have here constitutes a legally binding document.
Opening.
Over here. You can see right through here.
(laughing) What for?
Say something funny.
Ahhh...The Day..
He's serving Mexican, Italian, Chinese. He's all over the place. That's why no one's going in.
(still talking to George) I'm sorry. There's no reason for her not to taste that pie.
Yeah, it's burning my retina. Susan picked that out for you right?
Hey, what were you doing with that bus yesterday?
C'mon. He's a third cousin, or something.
T-bone, the ladies are gonna love ya.
Maybe you could have sex with her again and then take it back.
What?
Come on up.
Nothing. It's a fine car. What if you wanna use it?
Oh, you got something goin'.
I'll tell you, but don't ask her anything about her kid, she a little off.
Hey. You know, I do kinda wonder what fake breast feel like.
I didn't do it on purpose, my foot fell asleep.
This Wednesday?
I knew it! I'm not crazy.
I think I can! I even like the name! Pam!
I don't know, one minute you say they're fake, the next minute you think they're real...I don't know what to believe!
I don't know.
A velvet scrunchie!
Are you going to say anything?
Uh-huh.
What kind of plans?
His illness is your business.
You see?!
"The Velvet fog?"
Actually, we met in the gym locker room.
Wait a sec. I don't wanna do --
Oh, it's a scene.
He let you?
Well Susan isn't going and Elaine just left me a message her friend isn't going either.
You're thinking about it too much. You're putting too much emphasis on it.
I really didn't pay much attention, I'd just come from buying a speedboat.
He never heard of corduroy! True story, true story.
Hey, I eat healthy. If I have to take out an eye, that's the breaks.
This is Amy.
I didn't see anything.
You know a friend of my father's used to live right around here. Mike Wichter. He sold plastic straws. You know the ones? You could bend them.
Well, maybe it's a good thing.
(defensive) No no, that's not true!
Yeah, at least in the dumpster behind the Smithsonian.
And the other.
Yeah
You know my parents are coming in and I got some clean up to do , so if you and Potsie are done scheming....
Awe... That's nice!
Jill? Well, why didn't you say so?
Hi.
Yeah.
Not you.
What's he doing? What is his hurry?
Well..
Oh, the shut-ins, that's nice. You know, they're a very eccentric group. Because they're shut in. Of course, they're not locked in, they're free to go at anytime.
She looks so familiar.
Yeah, I think I do.
What do you care? You don't believe in hell.
All right, all right. Im sorry.
All right, George. I'm gonna tell you. But I just wanna make sure, before---
Maybe I should ask her out?
Alright, shut up, here they come.
No...
You should always carry a pad and pen.
Oh, stop it.
You might want to get a look at that bathing suit drawer.
I'm used to a 1200 mile buffer zone. I can't handle this. Plus I got the dinners, I got the pop ins. They pop in! It's brutal!
Look at this guy. He's trying to box me out.
Excuse me Lois. Stand back Lois. Jimmy's in trouble Lois.
(looking outside) Hey Newman, is that your red car?
Yeah.
(suspicious) Really?
And milk.
Thank you very much. O.K. Bye-bye. He's gonna be okay!
What's the kid doing here?
It's kind of cozy.
You cried?
I do.
Commando 8?
Uh, Keith uh Hernandez.
What?
Yesterday you said I had to get my revenge on her!
Once you unplug the machine, all the scores will be erased.
you know, I think George has a non-sexual crush on him
Todd. Oh yeah. (To George) He's a Kennedy.
Suing? What for?
Don't you see what's goin' on here???... No boxers, no Jockeys...
Why? I'll tell you why.
What? No.
So, I'm thinking of putting in na tropical fish tank right here.
Yeah.
To me the most annoying thing about the couple of times that I did work in an office. Is that when you go in, in the morning you say Hi to everyone and for some reason throughout the day you have to continue to greet these people all day every time you see them. I mean you walk in "morning Bill, morning Bob, how you doing? fine" Ten minutes later you see him in the hall, "How ya doin'?" Every time you pass you gotta come up with another little greeting. You know you start racking your brains you know you do the little eyebrow "Hey" You start coming up with nicknames for them. "Jimbo."
Good to meet you!
No, No bomb.
It was a *joke*...
Tony, where are you?
(pause. Stops tapping his leg) 'scuse me?
Oh, so you're gonna meet the mother?
Hi, Dolores. George, you remember Dolores?
Well I would think, with the law enforcement and the cross dressing. Seems like an interesting guy.
Can you believe her?
Hey.
I don't want to.
But we gotta make it seem like we're not calling for dates.
That is right, somebody else was driving.
Maybe you can just go back.
No.
They lied to me about selling the car. I'll lie to them about buying it back. They think they can dump six grand on me? Think again.
Elaine have you ever gone out with a bald man?
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
So who's the new you?
I was in the men's room the other day and they had the hand blower, instead of the paper towels, you know this thing. I like the hand blower I have to say. It takes a little bit longer, but I feel when you're in a room with a revolting stench you want to spend as much time as you can.
It's over?
Remember, don't whistle on the elevator.
Okay, okay. Forget it. Its okay. I didnt mean it.
Fasten your seat belts. we're goin' to see the baby.
Why do I have to go on the tour?
Oh, so what if I don't like it. Is that like the end of the world, or something?
(looking after the guys) That nut is always up to something.
She must've taken some kind of seminar or something.
I saw you the other night stepping out with my Hounds-Tooth jacket.
That stinky old movie-house?
So it's just gonna be me and Kramer.
Are you even vaguely familiar with the concept of giving? There's no grace period.
Naw. Each one is for like twelve cents. It's barely worth the pain in my hand to sign 'em.
I don't care about Brody. I was up on 96th Street today, there was a kid couldn't have been more than ten years old. He was asking a street vendor if he had any other bootlegs as good as Death Blow. That's who I care about. The little kid who needs bootlegs, because his parent or guardian won't let him see the excessive violence and strong sexual content you and I take for granted.
Sammy Davis had it.
Ya, it's much better isn't it?
And what's with people getting sick?
Ah, where you gonna meet a mute?
Remember when we were in the bookstore, that woman came up to us?
Go look at your face in the mirror.
So then we went to dinner.
Did you hear what I said?
No, I dont.
A robot butcher?
Well, of course it could be done! Anything could be done! But it only is done if its done! Show me the levels! The bet is the levels!
Nightmares. You?
Well it?s very flattering. How did you get these tickets, I heard they're impossible to get.
What if I shampoo? Sometimes a shampoo helps.
Ah! You're fine. There's nothing wrong with you. I'm the one who's dying.
Cmon, move up.
You tried.
(whatever) Fine..
Play the tape, maybe we'll get a clue.
Well, we're changing the rules.
(looking at the paper) Wow, a letter from Nina!
What else?
Yeah... So's shock therapy.
Now there's a match. You and Katherine Hepburn.
I'm callin' Elaine. See if she can find out anything from Tim Whatley.
She's good looking.
I'm not having money problems.
I never did. In four years of high school I would never race anyone again. Not even to the end of the block to catch a bus. And so the legend grew. Everyone wanted me to race. They begged me. The track coach called my parents. Pleading. Telling them it was a sin to waste my god given talent. But I answered him in the same way I answered everyone. I chose not to run.
We're not gettin' that TV.
This... **thing**... has got to be stopped!
Wow!
I don't even know what to say.
It sure is.
(Smiling, nodding) Sure, Saturday night.
Actually, the only place she always looked good was in that back booth over there.
Why, because I threw the card out? How long was I supposed to save it?
Where am I gonna get a fat guy and a cannonball?
Jill's father is in the hospital and you call to ask about him on a cell phone?
She did, you insisted.
Oh, that's interesting, because as everyone knows, since there was no year zero, the millennium doesn't begin until the year two-thousand and one. Which would make your party, one year late, and thus, quite lame.
Don't worry, he'll be here. Look, we only got about two hours. We just need to come up with one good story so we can get through this meeting. (Buzzer) There's your food.
Hello.
He is?
That's what she told me!
You mean Florence Nightingale. **
(surprise) You? Wh...what're you doing here? You work at this building too?
I think I heard her say something about a bench.
Plus, you know what else.
What was that?
(picking at his moustache) You know I cannot stand this thing anymore.
Does she know?
Oh why don't you go sleep over at Newman's.
Well, they tend to give those jobs to ex-ballplayers and people that are, you know, in broadcasting.
(to Kramer) Oh! Shut up!!!
So...
Elaine? It's me. What are you doing tonight? Great. George and I have tickets, four free passes to the Knicks-Bulls game, Madison Square Garden. Can you go? Great, listen, call Kramer, tell him to meet us on the corner at seven o'clock. Alright. We're gonna pick you up in a limo. That's right baby-doll. Hey listen, when we pick you up, I'm Murphy and George is O'Brien. I can't tell you now, it's a long story. I am serious. Okay. Okay bye. (opens partition) 'Scuse me, driver, we have to make a little stop first.
Thank you.
First of all, you don't look like any O'Brien, period.
(Looking at his watch) You got four hours! What about the script?
Yeah.
No, she's great! She's.. attractive, she's fun..
So listen...
(consternation) Oh no. (to the bedridden two) It's go time.
Alright.
(playing Scrabble with his naked girlfriend) Zephyr? That is not a word.
Oh sure like Monet.
Hey, not bad. (pointing to crest) I kinda like this little thing here.
You lost Phil Rizzuto's head?!
I don't think so.
Well, Ill tell you what. Ill choose you for it. Straight choose, three takes it, no disputes...thats it, you gotta win three.
Ask her to drive us around. There's your opening.
Why can't I be a soul mate?
Yeah, all she had to do was buy Mr. Pitt a pair of socks!
Hello? Yeah he's here. (to Kramer) Hey! It's for you.
My censoring system broke down. You know that little guy in your head who watches everything you say? Makes sure you dont make a mistake? He went for a cup of coffee. And in that second ruined my life.
What?
Yeah. I'm flying them in to meet Ellen. I don't know where to turn! I gotta see what they think of her.
What do you mean?
That's an open-lip kiss, alright.
You're telling me.
Oh God!
All right. Come on sit down. It's about to start.
What's wrong with him?
Sure. If there cheap Why not.
Get in there. (he pushes George in the direction of the restaurant)
Did you two break up?
(overhearing the other two Elaine, Elaine--
Elaine, he Windexed the little peep hole!
But I might.
Give me the clothes.
Oh, hi. Elaine, this is Sally.
"Kom Pau(sp?"
Oh it's damaged. (grabbing the sweater)
He feels funny. You don't have to do this.
(handing her a magazine) Here, read this.
Oh Elaine....What do you think an enraptured female fan of mine might say?
Well not technically.
So you ready for the assembly tomorrow? You know what you're gonna say about the Yankees?
Actually, you know I just remembered I promised this comedy club that I'd do a set tonight, so, terribly sorry.
What?!
Really very nice and good.
Yeah, yeah, Well, you really got bald there, didn't you?
Didn't go out of the house? Didn't take a walk... on Columbus Avenue?
So she tought I did it to get back at her
That is one angry clown!
...give, given it to the person that they originally gave it to.
(on the phone) Are you kidding? They can't cancel that show on me now, it's too late for me to book anything else for that weekend. Alright, alright ... okay, bye. (hangs up the phone)
She went on in some detail about certain activities, illegal in some states, for consenting adults. Things you would know very little about.
What?
Don't you find it odd that as soon as he leaves, the couch gets stolen? Maybe he's setting me up!
Yes I am skeptical.
She said there's some tractor story that she hasn't told me about.
No. I don't.
Oh.
I think the phone is ringing.
I tried! Your line's crossed with a Chinese woman!
Hey. Why didn't cha get the big one?
So what happened to you yesterday? We were supposed to go to the auto show, I waited for you, you never came.
Yes, I'd like to speak to Barry Prophet, please.
Be careful.
Oh, yeah, yeah. I remember.
Well, if he's doing that bad, maybe he's in line for another promotion.
I was not snooping. I did not break the seal. There was no breaking and entering. I wouldnt do that.
Not now. She's right inside.
Oh... You mean... shrinkage.
What is that noise?
Yeah.
Bless you.
How did you know?
Certainly are.
So what about the "Maestro" stuff. Did he make you call him Maestro.
Uh, Elaine took it to read on the subway.
Maybe he'll write a song about you.
Elaine? How did you rope her into this?
(turns around noticing the Charter flight) Dad isn't that your charter group?
Oh, no. It is. Just be still.
How could you not like the Drake?
Great.
Cant get it.
What kind of show am I gonna do in Japan?
Maybe if I could shrink myself down, like in Fantastic Voyage, and get inside a microscopic submarine, I could be sure. Although if there was something there, it might be pretty scary. Course, I would have that laser.
Alright I'm going.
I got in a fist fight with one of the ladies at the pool.
(louder) Hey!!
So what do you do? You can't keep avoiding her.
I don't feel like eating.
Uptight? Let's all just have a big pee party. Hey everybody, grab a bucket. We're going up to Jerry's. It's a pee party.
C'mon up.
Where you going?
I don't know it was weird. Crazy printing. I don't know who it was from.
And you waved it away.
Come on. Lets go
So, Leo, how's everything? You doin' Okay?
Kramer there's no way you stick to this.
Nah, it's not for me.
Where you going?
[mockingly] "Please hurry". Look at you. Look at what you've become.
It's Lanette! I need an assistant or intern or something.
Seeya.
Nah, he didn't make it.
You were livin' in the village then, right?
Yeah, well, they like to call it a set-up now. I guess the blind people don't like being associated with all those losers.
Let go, Elaine!
Look, I feel bad for him too, but he'll get another job. I mean, let's face it, it's not a profession where you embellish your resume and undergo a series of grueling interviews.
(pause) All right; let's move it out.
They deliver wood?
Boogeyman.
I said no! (hangs up the phone.)
But the doorman's gonna say that I was there.
On the couch.
Alright, I'll talk to you later.
Kramer, you make me get a ticket for this friend of yours and then the guy forces me to bootleg the movie at gun point!
Well, its a new suede jacket. It might get ruined.
Where you goin'?
You're going to see Genderson?
Well, you want your organizer back don't you?
All right, I'm, i,m takin' the camera.
You know, I don't even know my IQ.
Yes you do. That's what you both think.
Since college.
Jerry, You want to pick her up?
Hey!
Oh, you know, like when someone opens something up and they go, "Oh. Tube socks." What are you gonna do about it?
There's no watch ... I threw it in the garbage can on the street. It didn't keep good time. My parents gave it to me, but I didn't like it. So don't mention it again, okay!
The washer fluid is fine.
NBC?
...You can't put that picture up.
You cant believe what I just did.
I am not going back down there. I can't face that guy again.
How much did you give him?
It's really not necessary.
(interrupting) "Elaine , I really don't...............pay much attention to men`s faces."
You want to go to Mendys, Ill take you to Mendys.
Who wouldn't like him? I like him. And I'm a guy.
Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me
(pleading) Tell me what you're wearing tomorrow. I'll help you lay it out on the bed.
You oughta' sit here. There is a difference.
Oh, that's bad. Especially that area.
Hey, Lou, who's that woman over there?
There you go.
He sold religious articles the statues of Jesus, the virgin Mary, that were manufactured in Korea.
They didn't have roommates in the Middle Ages.
Oh, Oh, the IQ thing...yeah.
I mean the whole thing, it's just...
Well, I didnt...
This is not a good time.
Elaine?
The wheels are in motion, things are happening!
Shes waking down the street and it hit her in the head!
Excited? I'm gonna kill her! She knew she was coming here and she made me carry that box?!
This is your plan?
(pointing) And there's David Steinberg.
Youre a human being.
They're not making higher roofs.
(Reads the pill bottle) What kind of pills are these, anyways?! "For Smuckers"? "May cause panting and loss of fur"? (Turns to Kramer) These are dog pills!
Hey Dad are you sure we are at the right carousel?
Ah, mint.
No, you were talking about the, the um, the dream you had.
How do you know?
The Jews?
Well we were standing uh, inn the waiting area there, and you know how Devola is. He's all, ... (buzzer)
Excuse me I'd like to return this jacket.
Hey.
You know, the way you were wolfing down that popcorn, maybe you ate it.
No thanks.
Is someone there?
Wizards!
What's his problem?
The way I feel when I go places with you? (Kramer enters.) Hey, so'd you find my sneakers yet?
Boy, I miss the days they made toys that could kill a kid.
Did he kiss you good night?
Ill have the salmon.
Farfel?
Uuh, so we can still go out on Friday though?
Oh, yeah. The pinch. *I've* done the pinch. That's not new. Besides which, I don't know how you could trust any of his moves now. His whole *repertoire* could be lifted.
No, no the junior.
What? No.
Hey, Kramer, look at this.
Excuse me, uh...dentist? You a dentist? (The guy shakes his head. Jerry moves on to another guy.) Dentist? Are you a dentist?
What'd ya get?
Okay, one victim.
Possibly, but then shouldn't the outfit only reappear again at the end of the cycle?
So what happened with Tatiana?
Have you noticed that women today are, you know, they seem...bigger.
(to Kramer) Who is it?
The only thing between him and us is a thin layer of gabardine... Kramer, say it isn't so.
Where?
What the hell is a plantain.
Well it's been quite a night I could sure use a cup of coffee.
Well I think you should either take it off or tell her about it.
Elaine, have you been talking to her?
Who?
Well Elaine needs to borrow his racquet. Just for today.
(grabbing the list from Kramer) You're not getting any plantains.
I didnt know she had a pony. How was I to know she had a pony? Who figures an immigrants going to have a pony? Do you know what the odds are on that? I mean, in all the pictures I saw of immigrants on boats coming into New York harbor, I never saw one of them sittin on a pony. Why would anybody come here if they had a pony? Who leaves a country packed with ponies to come to a non-pony country? It doesnt make sense. Am I wrong?
Listen. I need you to do me a favor. When's the next time you're gonna see him?
Kramer...
Coughing... naked... It's a turn-off, man.
No, no, Bania, no. This is the dinner. The soup counts.
Hey Marge, you see those two people over there? They think I'm talking to you, so you pretend like you're talking to me, okay now you start talking.
I know.
"You find you need to use a lot of obscenities at the dentist.
Do I what?
Hey, you guys think I'm getting a little...chunky?
I thought we might reminisce a little more. You know Duncan and I were just taking about the big race.
Really?
Hey, Al.
So, set it up. You know what, we could have dinner at the Friars Club.
I don't know.
An' what if I did do it? Even though I admit to nothing, and never will. What does that make me? And I'm not here just defending myself but all those Pickers out there who've been caught. (Elevator doors open) Each an' every one of them, who has to suffer the shame and humiliation because of people like you.. (Everyone but Jerry is now in the elevator. Jerry's still addressing them) Are we not human?! If we pick, do we not bleed?! (Elevator doors shut. A few people in the hallway are looking at him, he turns and addresses them) I am not an animal!
You did it? What happened?
There was another crazed ex-girlfriend?
Good. How did you handle that?
Do they make you wear uniforms in prison?
You what? You passed? How could you do that?
Oh come on. That's genetics. That's not going to happen to me.
Yeah.
Oh, great. Ok we'll goin' away. I think I'm excited.
Then he asked you out?
Babu? (leaving) I'll be right back.
You didn't get my papers?
Piccata, if anything I should be dating a mentor and Bania should be setting pins in a bowling alley.
Hello?
Well, that's what you get for getting mixed up with a face painter.
What?
So what are you gonna do?
Yep.
Can you believe someone would lie about chemotherapy to get a wig? Would you do that?
Cause he's at that baseball fantasy camp in Florida.
Wait a second, I know what's happening. The no sex thing is having a reverse effect on you.
Well, we've got to do something. (grabs his phone) I'm calling Giuliani's headquarters.
Right here, George. In here. (pointing to his chest) Try opening this up. You'll find the biggest dating scene in the world.
To my beautiful wife.
Good, good. You remember George.
Come on up.
I'd like to be.
Oh! Rimsky -- great great book if I may say so sir. I almost read the whole thing.
I have to go to the bathroom. Why do they hide the bathroom in these malls?
Huh?
Well, the apartment elevators are always slower than the offices, because you dont have to be home on time.
What?
The poly?
How can I ever have you over? Youll sit there moping.
(Still skeptical) No, he doesn't.
hmm. (nodding head)
(Trying to explain) Uncle Leo, I'm sorry. I didn't know about your.. past.
Okay, fine. We'll use Newman.
Hey, come on!
Really?
Hi, um. Marla, Elaine.
Listen, George, little problem with the game.
(sarcastic) Thanks for stopping!
(admiring Christie) Yeah, I'm right there with ya.
A little less beady today.
Why don't you see what you can do?
Uh, how about a couple of people like us.
Oh yeah. Yes I have some very important information regarding the smog strangler. (George leans close) would you suck a mint or something. Can I come right now? I suppose, where are you located? Where is that? I don't know where we are. Where are we?
Who the hell is that?
No, . . . about how you wish it was YOU who was getting married instead of him? Feelings of resentment, hostility?
12 gauge. Seems to be the most popular gauge.
I don't.
I only have a twenty.
Okay.. (Opens the door to a frantic Elaine)
Well he doesn't even want himself there.
Yeah, well, I didnt- Is that something you want to borrow?
No, it's too trendy, no Isabella's.
Why?
Well, it was either you or one of your brothers.
No social reason for them to be here.
Because I'm not sure and and and correct me if I'm wrong but I think I see ... a nipple.
You tried Aaron, it was too expensive.
Well, not exactly.
No no no. No dinner.
Quone? No, Im afraid that Im going to have to challenge that.
No. Not Chinese. Not even Asian.
Name tags?
You're not late.
(rising) I had like a so-so date with Valerie, now I'm number nine on the speed-dial.
Go? Why go anywhere? (as he places his hand over hers. She starts to massage his shoulders a little) Ahh, that feels good. Yeah. That's, uh... That's good. (he tries to go further. He grabs her hands over his shoulders and he lies down on the table on his chest) Yeah, that's nice. That's very nice.
So you don't make it a habit of giving to the blind.
Yeah, I'm thinking of joining. Pat Cooper said he would put me up for membership.
Who, who, who do you think would win in a fight between me and ah, gorgeous George here. (pointing up and down at George)
Oh my God! You won't believe what I just saw! A car just bashed into a parked car, and sped off, right on my block!
She's playing, Pagliacci?s wife, Nedda.
D'you get someone to take that Canadian quarter?
So? What are friends for?
So just start it.
...what?
Why?
She likes the pop-in. I've told her how I hate the pop-in. (pointing to George) He likes the pop-in, too.
So, uh, what do you feel like eating? Chinese or Italian?
How can I live there?
(quietly, yet in a high and whiney tone) Well, I don't know if I....
Come on! One shot, I can do it, I know I can do it!
No, see, we didnt have ponies. Im sure at that time in Poland, they were very common. They were probably like compact cars..
Tuesday night? What happened Tuesday night?
Yeah.
I don't know what you should do with it.
Oh, Miss Changstein! This is Elaine...
Y'know what you should do now? Get her some flowers, smooth it out.
You know I can't get this *damn thing* to sleep. (about the Yo-Yo)
Obviously.
You didn't have make-up sex? How could you not have make-up sex? I mean that's the best feature of the heavy relationship.
Hmm. That looks new.
So get this book on tape.
Yeah?
Ah, dinner! Thats it, youre all the way back!
Yes, that's right.
I wouldn't think so.
Hey, it's okay.
They're right behind the dugout, George, first row!
Oh, Babu.
Well, what happened? Was she there?
That old one? Didn't I once miss a flight to Cleveland because of that alarm clock?
Oh, can Lloyd really do that?
but not at Dinky.
No, I'm not gonna tell her about your shrinkage. Besides, I think women know about shrinkage.
But the Wednesday two days from now is the next Wednesday.
If you hadn't mentioned anything, I would have been fine. I became obsessed with him.
You see the thing of it is, there's a lot of ugly people out there walking around, but they don't know they're ugly, because nobody actually tells them.
Ok, get them over here pronto. We're in towels here George.
Well, let's start the insanity.
Oh my god. This drawer is filled with Fruit Loops!
I thought that was kind of girlfriend bed making.
Amazing how they picked you, out of everyone, to terrorize.
Well uh, whatever you can do. Thanks.
Really? What happened?
(to Stella) Her back hurts.
Bonkers?
What?
No no no no no no no no no no! I do not want that in here!
Well, you know, we were having dinner the other night, and she's got this strangest habit. She eats her peas one at a time. You've never seen anything like it. It takes her an hour to finish them. I mean, we've had dinner other times. I've seen her eat Corn Niblets. But she scooped them.
I thought you said people dress up when they go to the opera!
I believe they've had a cure for polio for quite some time.
Well you have insurance...
Yeah chambermaids, I'm attracted to them too.
What's the harm?
Uh-huh...
Parents never forget a foul-up. I once left a jacket on the bus when I was fourteen. Last week I'm flying to Chicago to do a show, "Make sure you hang on to your jacket."
Yeah.
(doing the voice) Good-bye Kramer.
It's like going out with someone and you never hear from them again.
Hey, baby. I set the trends. Who do you think started this whole Caf Latte?
..Yeah.
Lisi, Lisi. Let me in! We can work this out. I was wrong, you were right. I'll do anything!
Yeah, me either. (he takes her other hand and put it on his other shoulder)
(Reaches for a menu) All right what's it going to be here.
Was I supposed to bring something?
She's into it?
What're you, "Joe Hollywood"?
Ah ha...
Like she's really going to admit she was flirting with me.
Ah
It's not a purse. It's European!
(Screams) GET OUT!
C'mon up. (To George) Alright, it's Pam, you gotta get goin.'
Again
What's going on?
Well, what'd you say?
What?
Well, maybe if I didn't have so many people in my apartment all the time I'd be able to get some work done.
Really?
Mmm.. Bad how?
She wanted to thank us for the apartment.
Oh, I thought we had tickets for the Knicks home opener.
Stop, stop. This isn't right. What about Valerie?
An' then when you come home at night, you're always exhausted--we never do anything anymore!
You know, sometimes I get the feeling George isn't being completely honest with me.
Well, so what? It's not that long-- you'll read.
You know I'm paying for these tickets.
(Only turning back for a second) Hey.
Ah, how about 830?
(sarcasm) Yeah, you're right. I really should keep more of your favourites on hand.
I don't know. Maybe I can beat the machine.
Yeah, let me ask you a question. How do you cross those wires?
I did not!
Hey, you don't play with that. That's going in my mouth.
Well, I hit the wall yesterday with Lady Godiva. She did a full body flex on a pickle jar.
Yeah, and then I asked him if my friend could have them and he said yeah.
Yeah, all right. Go ahead. (not very interested)
(hopeful) Then you admit it was amusing?
I don't even know what you're talking about.
Mickey Mantle?
No, of course not.
I got something against yours. How about a couple of deep knee bends, maybe a squat thrust?
I don't know. Nothing.?
(setting down a box) No thanks.
(animated) They're real Cubans?! They're human beings, from Cuba?!
Well it's very emasculating..
No I hadn't noticed.
Well how did he react when you gave it to him?
Right, you were leaving.
(Pulling out the toy from the cereal box - he displays even more immaturity by holding it up, smiling) Hey! A dinosaur!
So you won't believe what happened with Whatley today. It got back to hime that I made this little dentist joke and he got all offended. Those people can be so touchy.
Ohh.
Alright - come on - come on now, people. Let's face it, we're not all going to agree on anything. Why don't we all just go to Paris?
osh.
That's right, everytime you get the ball you shoot.
What's going on here?
That doesn't really bode well for the show, does it?
Theyre a comedy team.
Hey, look, there's Bobby Eighteen?s father-in-law, Mr Reichman. George and I were just talking about that today, I can?t believe it! That?s the guy who threw George out of the wedding.
Boy.
Oh stupid Leo was using one of those oven cleaners. He left the canister in there and the pilot light was on. The whole thing blew up.
And they said they can do it?
I don't care.
Yes, a man gave you...?
Too much dairy? You really think I'm eating too much dairy?
182 bucks.
I can feel his blood inside of me. Borrowing things from my blood.
Maybe I should just go anytime I get the urge like you...wherever I am. There's too much urinary freedom in this society. I'm proud to hold it in. It builds character.
Then well just sit there.
Then, you suggest she goes... AWOL! She did!
The Improv is playing "Rochelle Rochelle" The musical.
The religious guy?
(Banging the phone against the booth) Elaine!
I can see that.
How'd you get yours?
What do you mean? Why wouldn't I know his name?
Did you say, "Jerry, I didn't think you'd show" or, "Jerry, I didn't think you'd show"? (Elaine comes over.)
Do you think it's effeminate for a man to put clothes in a gentle cycle?
(to George) That might be the stupidest thing you've ever said.
(While digging in his pocket for some money, he looks over the shirts one last time) You know, it's really not a bad looking shirt..
George and I just signed up with the Senior Citizen's Volunteer Agency. Same thing Elaine's doing.
I got a haircut.
All right.
So, am I forgiven, shmoopy?
So where're we eatin'?
Yea.
We'll be outside
(to George) Hey, there's Pat. (calls) Hey, Pat.
Eduardo, Carochio! That's good. That's very good. Kind of just rolls of the tongue. I wonder where on the upper west side a single girl might meet a matador? Perhaps Zabars? Or Les Pizza!
What?
You're going to the Super Bowl?
And gum.
yeah, yeah.
Oh. (smiling) Oh, that's nice of 'em.
Hey, I've been trying to jam stuff in the box, like you told me, but sometimes it says, like, "Photographs - Do not bend".
So?
402? (Checks his wristwatch) Aaa-aaahhh! Eight forty seven Jean-Paul! Wake up! Wake uuuuup!
Not you! The guy in the Amigo.
Why? It's our place.
They think they can get anyone to shoot these bootlegs.
That's it?
And where does it end? Then everyones doin it. Its like the wave at ball games. Air quotes. The phrase, "Dont go there." - Someones gotta take a stand!
What?!!
Because you threw it out.
Trip to Berlin?
And who is on the show? Who are the characters?
You don't understand, Elaine. I don't want to be overanxious. If he wants to see me he has my number, he should call.
Are you sure?
(Exasperated) Oh, God
That's not that?
If you think I'm looking for someone to just sit at a desk pushing papers around, you can forget it. I have enough headaches just trying to manufacture the stuff.
Is he being coy?
You don't understand. I'm in a very delicate position. Whatever I give her, she's going to be bringing in experts from all over the country to interpret the meaning behind it.
Elaine, a guy'll say anything to get a woman.
Yea especially Ziti, with that big hole.
I told her about the contest.
So I said something.
Wait a second. (Grabs the icebucket off the counter.) This'll scare 'em off. (Dumps the bucket of water over the balcony. We hear a loud squawking noise and the flapping of wings, then the noise is gone. Jerry gets back into bed.) Well, good night, Ollie.
No thanks, just the check.
Alright.
How was the movie?
Yeah. She would love cashmere.
Just forget it. Let it go.
Elaine!
No Kramer, Little Jerry could get hurt.
Here comes one.
(Letting her up) Excellent. (To Elaine) So, did you buy that electric toothbrush I was telling you about?
Definitely.
Yeah, she's something else. Hey, so what happened? Did you hold your ground or...uh
So, Puddy wear's a man fur?
C'mon! One whiff!
Boy, the Yankees cannot buy a hit tonight!
Why, It's a perfect fit. You must be Cinderella.
Down here?
Yeah. Nine oclock.
(neutral) Fine.
You got a problem with paba?
You know its not like changing toothpaste.
I didn't do it!
Look, Vanessa, of course the market fluctuates. Everybody knows that. I just got fluctuated out of four thousand dollars!
(Scared) Ah! Kramer!
If every instinct you have is wrong, then the opposite would have to be right.
Yeah.
Yeah, but--
Alright, listen, alright. How much longer is it gonna be?
I'll take fastidious.
So they forgot to get your lunch. Big deal!
Well, I take it very seriously.
Uh just pull over right there by the stop sign.
(hearing the noises) What's happening!
That's my cockney accent.
(looking around) Ah, so this is the Fortress of Solitude.
Why?
Ooh yeah, the bags, sure.
Oh all right, this is really dumb, really stupid. Weve been doing this silly, dumb voice.
Yes!!!
Oh, I get it. Why don't you just say it?
He is the gambler.
Right now.
You just can't leave him out there.
Laura.
Yeah!
I don't know, you know, what if...?
She is?
I really think you're making too much of this.
Who?
You stuck your hand out, so I shook it. I don't know about a pact. Anyway, you should be happy you're engaged. You're getting married.
Okay, so what if it moved?
I had a little meeting today at NBC. What are you doing?
Hiss!
Hello, uncle Leo!
Why are you shouting?
Oh, you think she was refunding?
John Germaine? That is amazing. I was just talking about him upstairs with Elaine.
I mean, I admire the hell out of her. You can't have sex with someone you admire.
Yeah, maybe you won't.
Morning.
Well, what if Poppie felt the same way?
So, go get them.
It's Isosceles
You're not a writer.
Used?
She's right, George. Bottle-wipe is big.
You know the message you're sending out to the world with these sweat pants? You're telling the world "I give up. I can't compete in normal society. I'm miserable, so I might as well be comfortable." (George is baffled)
Bad rap?
Because of your giant wallet. Just get rid of it!
Feel much better here at my home base, Jean-Paul. It's a controlled environment.
I would askk you to stay tonight but I only have the sofa bed and it's where I sleep.
The remote, the remote, I can't find the remote. Did I lost, I lost it. Did you take it? Did you put it some place?
Aahh!
There's more food down the hall.
He's gonna hang around if that's alright with you?
(explaining) I had a jacket with a crest on it. You came into the audience, you threw it away. Agrabah.
Please, don't make me beg.
Hi, Louise.
(to Ramon) Oh. Okay. (to Elaine) Wh, what is he doing here?
What, theres something wrong with Loni Anderson? (pause) Hey listen, thanks again for running over here. I appreciate it.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO. I DON'T KNOW WHERE I AM.
Well I thought we'd both be getting married.
What?
No, it didn't. And you know why? Seeing the pilot in the audience really freaked me out.
Why? Why would that one area of his mind not be affected by the yellow sun of Earth?
(Referring to George) Hey, look at this guy.
Could use a good laugh. You know what kind of pressure that is? Come on, come with me.
Hey Bania, the dinners off. The ticket's no good. The numbers are all smudged out. (holds out the ticket and hands it to Bania)
The *beach*?
Talk? Did I talk? It - you're darn right I talk to her! We talked up a storm - and I concluded from the basis of these talks that this isn't anybody you should be talking to.
Well this is a great place to sit you got here.
(Arms out, complaining) I have to wear it! The woman has orders for this shirt based on me wearing it on TV.. they're producing them as we speak!
I dont think so.
Even more reasonable.
I dont know. Theyve been in there since, like, World War II. The rents three hundred a month.
So you found that watch in the garbage can, huh?
What's up?
Oh, they're all the same. Here. [gives him Dust Buster] Now if you'll excuse us, ..
Boy that'd be something, cheating on a IQ test.
Yeah, so you cry... and when you see the dancing, you cry again.
Eh.
(calls) Hey, I'll take one.
Hey.
Well, I didn't want her to have an accident.
I'm looking for a crested blazer
Boy, those capes are really coming back.
I am not gonna taste your peach. I ate some one's pecan last night, I'm not gonna eat your peach.
If you had given me my mail last week when I got home, this whole thing never would have happened.
Huh? How you feeling?
How fast was she walking?
Yeah.
Why does Mr. Pitt prefer a pencil to a pen anyway? Hey. Look who's here.
Hey, George!
So, what are you doing this weekend?
So she was just lying there.
Can you conduct your business elsewhere?
Well, let's look back at your history with this woman. Okay?
Hey you know what? I have access to one of the most deceitful, duplicitous, deceptive minds of our time. Who better to advise me?
(thinking) Yeah, thats normal. (to a man nearby) Excuse me, sir. Could I have a look at that business section?
That's not a french cuff shirt, you know.
The virgin!
Why?
What?
That's a 180, George.
Here's the book. Don't let anybody see it. Don't let anything happen to it.
Thanks.
Hey, listen to this, Uncle Leo broke up with his girlfriend because of the bit I did. She thought it was funny, so he accused *her* of being an anti-Semite. They had a huge fight and now he's moving back into his apartment. You know what this means, my parents are gonna go back to Florida... What? What number is this? Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
Boy, its a good thing we came.
She's pretty rough!
Maybe they've all been faking.
All right.
No, he was on his regular bed.
Oh.
Why not?
What?
Well, I don't know how official any of these rankings really are.
I'm not afraid of flying, although many people do have fear of flying and, I have no arguement with that. I think fear of flying is quite rational because, human beings cannot fly. Humans have fear of flying same way fish have fear of driving. Put a fish behind the wheel, and they go, "This isn't right. I shouldn't be doing this. I don't belong here."
Does your father still eat bacon and eggs every day?
Hey, hey, what are you doing, that?s my quarter.
Because I was standing here, that?s why.
No. None.
We should get him something.
Oh.
Well--Noreen listened to you like George's mother listened to the Chinese. (buys a newspaper out of a machine)
C'mon I need it.
It's a nervous tic. I'm on L-Dopa.
No, George. She's coming over and not cleaning. It's like I'm seein' a prostitute.
How you doing?
(sings theme) "By Mennen."  What the?...
No she didn't.
I want that picture.
It looks like my accountant's office but there's no pets working there.
Oh, boy.
I know, finally. But George, guess who her boss is. Duncan Meyers.
You're right; it is strange. In fact, let's cross to the other side of the street. Cover me.
She said she'll do it.
(after Bookman exits) That is one tough monkey! (turns to Elaine) So you were saying?
Where'd you get those?
Hey, what happened to my jacket?
All right.
Call Rachel.
Maybe I will.
Read it out loud.
She is?
I can see the can if you're in the army, but fresh fruit it's available, it's there, it's 2 aisles over.
He bothers me. I dont even answer the phone anymore because of him. Hes turned me into a screener. Now I gotta go see him on Wednesday.
I don't know, but we don't have much time.
Don't worry. (she leaves)
Are you kidding? I've seen 'em squint. He can squint his way down to like twenty, thirty vision. Once we were driving down from the Catskills and he lost his glasses. He squinted his way from Wortsborough down to the Tappan Zee Bridge! He was spotting raccoons, on the road!
All right.
(Picks one up) Mail bags? He's storing mail in here?
Its great! It speeds up the intimacy level. Its like putting the relationship in a time compressor. Where we would be six months from now we accomplish (snaps his fingers) three days.
I cant. What if he wakes up?
I just met her, she's incredible.
I'm not yella. (In a cowboy voice)
(to Elaine) Where have you been?!
What are you talking about?
He was running from a bee. (Elaine laughs)
Hi, I'm Jerry Seinfeld, the agency sent me.
Now we have to buy a new couch?!
To the Idiotmobile!
Nice try.
Well, I have some money. What do you need? (pulls out some bills)
I once told a woman that I don't eat cake 'cause it goes right to my thighs.
Cause Im an idiot! You may think youre an idiot, but with all due respect, Im a much bigger idiot than you are.
Aah! .. right. The ones from Oregon that are only ripe for two weeks a year..
Amy and Jeffrey?
Ooh.
So they're like everyone else.
Oh, you already gave them away?
Now see? Just saying beg doesn't make it a real beg. You gotta put some beg into it.
Oh yeah? What did he say?
(Getting a dollar out) Wheres your money?
What?
Why?
Well, go ahead. There's 8 bags of it.
Oh, it's nothing...
I know, he's probably the only honest mechanic in New York.
Oh look at this guy.
Its not promised to anybody? Cause shed take it in a second.
There's a squeeze ketchup.
Look, I'm sorry-
The Van Buren Boys? There's a street gang named after President Martin Van Buren?
Hello Elaine? Patty Lawrence had orgasms what do you think about that? And I got calls in to six other women and I bet you they confirm an orgasm too. So what do you have to say now Elaine?... Hello?
All right, but then we gotta get some work done. Let me just call Kramer, see if want anything. (Calls) Hey, we ordering Chinese food. If you want anything-- (Kramer enters quickly) let me know what it is and I'll order for you.
They really should mention that in the breakdown height, weight, goiter.
I thought we were talking about me.
(Getting slightly offended) I'm not sick. (Pointing at her) You - you said much sicker things than me.
She wants to be an actress...or a, uh, model...or a dancer...or a...news woman.
The one with the Poppie stain?!
Yeah.
Well as I see it, you've got to apply the same principles that get you fired, but redirected, outwardly.
(on the phone with Clare) Clare thanks for giving me a second chance. Our relationship is certainly worth more than some silly, stupid voice. Hold on one second. (George walks in  Jerry asks George) So we definitely dont want to do the voice anymore? (George shakes his head NO) Alright, were back together again, great. Bye bye.
No thanks.
Hey, Bobby, over here.
Sure.
Oh yes, quite.
Your breath is fine. It's delightful, it's delicious.
Nah...
Okay...
Oh, hi Gennice.
(Casually, sarcastic) Either way.
You don't like her?
Sure you can. Why not?
(sarcastically) Yeah, Levine. And Im Jerry Cougar Mellencamp. Anyway, I admit it was a fairly ridiculous thing to do, but I mean, I mean, obviously we have a little problem here.
Elaine, what are you doing in this neighborhood?
You shut up.
So he gets out of the car, I say, "Hey buddy! I saw you hit that car!" So he says to me, "What are ya gonna do about it?"
Hi (takes off his coat and puts it on the counter at which point his parents are both right by him as he goes into the refrigerator. He grabs a drink then turns around to see his parents right there) What? What did I do?
Gillian. Hiii..
Hard to believe.
Uh-oh. "Everybody breaks up at Pomodoro's."
Yeah.
Yeah?
Oh no, I don't want anyone sitting on it.
Well, there were too many people in the room, we couldn't keep track of everybody. George, and the butler, and...
Then each of us would only have be like a half man. That sounds about right!
Yes, it's very strange. Very strange.
What about Saturday nights? Do you have to ask her out, or is a date implied?
Okay. Thanks.
It's made up. Haagen-Dazs is made up. It's not Danish.
To a woman, sex is like the garbage man. You just take for granted the fact that any time you put some trash out on the street, a guy in a jumpsuit's gonna come along and pick it up. But now, it's like a garbage strike. The bags are piling up in your head. The sidewalk is blocked. Nothing's getting through. You're stupid.
Could you excuse us please?
Well, sit on one of your couch cushions.
You broke up with her just because she cut her hair! how short?
By the time the race was over I had won. I was shocked nobody had noticed the head start.
What if I don't want it?
It's pompous.
What?
Let's do it.
If not now, when?
Well, sometimes we do actually have to get up early, but a man will *always* trade sleep for sex.
What is it about sleep that makes you so thirsty? Do dreams require liquid? It's not like I'm running a marathon, I'm just lying there.
I'd stayed up all night I'd fixed myself up a little before I'd go out.
Yeah, but now Im nervous.
(smiling and surprised at the way Tom is talking) Good.
I can't go until I find my cufflinks.
Oh, I'm Jerry.
What are we gonna do?
Oh, hi.
They deliver the coal?
Because we're kind of not seeing each other anymore.
"Although they maintain separate residences, the comedian and his long-time *companion* seem to be inseparable..." Oh no! The Associated Press picked up the NYU story. That's going to be in every paper! I've been "outed"! I wasn't even "in"!
You don't even know what paba is.
"Cut to the chase"?
Hey!
Or something. Yeah, that's a date.
What?! Wha... what'd you put in there?
Really!
I am gonna make good use of this! I'm watching every superbowl here, every big fight....
C'mon, you lost your wallet, I figured I'd get you another one.
Oh, go read a book.
Oh, excuse me... Look, Ray, you were the only person in my house.
Oh, when did that happen?
Yeah I got it. You sure you want to do this? (hands Elaine the tape recorder.)
Whats the difference?
George, is this funny?
Oh, shes really great. I mean, shes got like a real warmth about her and shes really bright and really pretty and uh... the conversation though, I mean, it was... talking with her is like talking with you, but, you know, obviously much better.
And one other thing, I don't want Newman using my...
What did you do to my car?!
I dont know what to do.
Are these seats unbelievable or what?
Really.
I couldn't help it. We hadn't been alone in a long time, it just got the better of me.
You have a girlfriend?
I've had yours, I'm telling you - this one is ten times better. Don't you believe me?
Hey, Tim. Great party.
Valerie's not coming over, is she?
I know Teddy Padillac. I worked with him on Forty-eighth and Sixth.
(thinking) Sagman, Bennet, Robbins, Oppenheim and Taft. Sagman, Bennet, Robbins, Oppenheim and Taft... (to Vanessa) Of course, they handled my tattoo removal lawsuit.
All right, I think we've covered my act. Now you get out there and stink it up with everybody else.
I am saying that the spit could not have come from behind ... that there had to have been a second spitter behind the bushes on the gravelly road. If the spitter was behind you as you claimed that would have caused your head to pitch forward.
Kramer, you gotta explain to her what happened...! (Kramer exits.)
I mean it's no big deal. You're still drivin'. You should have been watching the road.
What if he doesn't call now out of spite?
I'm so tired. I'll fall asleep on that train (yawns)
What about Susan?
I have fleas.
He needs a three hundred-dollar Bruline to beat Ethyl Kennedy?
I got a date!
That's because you didn't win.
Then you're in a lot of trouble.
Those are really ugly sneakers. Where did you get those?
Really. I know a sign, that's my first sign.
No, no. You can't get her anything better than me. Whatever I spend, you have to spend half.
No lines.
George, I didnt sleep at all last night. I decided I have to tell her. Im just going to be honest. Thats all... Yes, Im nervous... Are you listening to me?... Just put some soap on your finger. Itll slide right off... Then try axle grease... (Kramer enters; to the phone) Ill call you back after I talk to her... Bye.
Morning.
Yeah, well...not exactly. I mean, she said, you know, she called this morning and said she had to come in for a seminar and maybe well get together.
Yeah, yeah, that's kinda what he gave me.
Double zero?
That's what I've been trying to figure out the past five years.
Ok.
So?
Great!
Just imports, no exports?
Because they were in the pockets of my jacket.
(unenthusiastic) Oh, the gum.
Yeah. Im having a wonderful time. (it's obvious he isn't)
Yeah.
Well, how much are you going to invest?
It's your fault!
That's right. I bought it.
I don't know. We decided we don't really work as a couple.
The whole block, forty, fifty cars.
(Talking to Elaine) You ate more bread?
Oh, that guy was your cousin! (walking in front of George so he gets the picture to leave)
But why?
What is he doing in the Chunnel?
Fine, if I'm off yours.
(still bossy) Did you just order coffee?
Why not? We're neighbors. What's mine is yours. (And with that, Jerry made the most fatal mistake of his life)
So as you can see, I've got a bit of a problem here.
I don't understand. Why didn't you tell us you had it?
Oh, yeah, he had to take his mother to the chiropodist.
Where do they make yours?
Why don't you get a pair of white shoes, move down to Miami Beach and get the whole thing over with?
Newman . Open the door, Newman, I know you're in there.
Anyway, thanks for having me back, and sorry about the misunderstanding.
Hello?
That's the last babka. They got the last babka.
One second. Hello.
It's a tad dainty.
You know youre funcifying the whole building.
Are those the same shoes as yesterday?
(pointing toward the guy) See that salesman, twirling that umbrella.
I'm not bragging, I happen to have a very keen lesbian eye. (A woman walks by Jerry and Elaine.) Hi, how ya doin.' (Jerry jerks a thumb at the woman to confirm his talent. Elaine is skeptical.)
So if you call and ask if you have the job, you might lose the job.
(seems sincere) Yeah, I'm really sorry, uh.
I may not look like a Murphy but I act like a Murphy.
Look, the main thing is I don't want Elaine to know about any of this. I mean, especially the panty remark. I mean, it's embarrassing. And she's never let me hear the end of it.
Yeah, sleeping arrangements. So, you haven't, uh...
I'm not happy.
Ah, that's why I love ya. 15-9. (They go out into the hallway and run into Kramer and his African-American girlfriend, Anna.) Hey, how ya doin.'
Vandelay Industries, Kel Varnsen speaking. May we help you? ... Oh Hi Keith. Na, I was just jokin' around
Hey, board of directors. Look at you!
Alright, alright, I'm sorry. (reading) Nothing's changed, Alma, I just need more time.
Hello? Oh, hi Stu.
Sure. Bye.
Sounds like you did some pretty nifty maneuvering,
What?
Well, maybe we should.
Of course. [clicks back to George] Yeah, go ahead.
Its a good mirror. (They look at their menus.) So, what are you gettin?
Who is it? Who is it?
Let me explain to you what you just did. There are literally hundreds of people trying to get pilot deals with them this year. They go with maybe, five. Okay, if we pass, that's it. They go to the next show.
You're the man!
What?
Come on George.
Oh yeah.
I think he's gonna need, mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
Elaine, he doesn't need-
Ho-ly!
Yes, you haven't read a page, have you?
Are you okay? Did he bite ya?
Dermatologist? Skin doesn't need a doctor!
Hey you guys!
I had him for Hygene. Remember his teeth. It was like from an exhumed corpse.
(Scoffing) Prison. I'm sure it's just a fine.
Yes!!!
It's been known to happen....... telling you right now Elaine, this guy 's gonna dangle that dress in front of you like a dirt farmer dangles a carrot in front of a mule.
She dumped you?
This is Jerry Seinfeld.
I'll prove it. Would you do me a favor?
Yes, so people are just dialing it by mistake and getting you.
Next Wednesday.
Well this is very awkward.
Danish. Is it from Denmark?
Murder one? Oooooo, watch out everybody. Better be nice to you. I'm only kidding sir - lighten up. How about you, what are you in for?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute.
No.
Oh, I didn't do anything.
Sponge-worthy?
You don't know? Come on, that's gold!
You know I don't even know why I brought you.
You're not undoing anything.
I get peeved.
You cant look in there, were playing!
Oh! He said that! Can you imagine what he'll do if he sees me with you! He'll think I?m the one who ruined his deal at NBC and took away his girl, he'll put a kibosh on me!
(While fishing through his pocket for change) Hey, Puddy thinks I should go for the CD player. What do you think? (Hands him a nickel)
Why wouldn't they be? A rye bread doesn't just disappear.
Oh, shut up you couldn't do it either.
Okay, sixty bucks from Nana.
(after the guy) You think you're better than me?
Do you think this is such a good idea, with you being on the verge of this big promotion?
Everybody's got them.
No, for both!
It's the new cover of the J. Peterman Catalog. It is Elaine's choice. Let's congratulate her.
Now wait a second, you mean the one where the guys are all standing around, supposedly being very casual and witty?
George says hi.
Nine sixty.
That looks pretty good.
The woman had an orgasm under false pretences. That's sexual perjury.
(applying paste to brush) Ah, baking soda. Annoying little product. 'I can do this. I can do that.' Why doesn't this stuff just shut up?
Well, it's a gift and I want you to keep it.
That's it! No more questions! I don't care!
Well maybe he's got like a, cheerful mental hold on you.
Yeah maybe you should.
Well, at least he didn't-
Who told you to get a massage from her. I haven't gotten a massage from her yet!
Ah, she's with her friend Wendy.
Hey, Julio. I was wondering, could you get to that shower today, You think?
You know, maybe philanthropy is not your field. (Phone rings, he answers it) Hello. Oh, Hi, Ellen. Yeah, I called the hotel.. we're all set for the weekend.
"Jerry"!
No I didn't.
(to George) All right, this is going to require some great acting now. I have to pretend Im disappointed. Youre going to really see me being a phony, now. I hope you can take this. Maybe you should go in the other room.
Ar-moire.
(thinks) Very kind. I am a kind man. Who else would do something like this? Nobody. Nobody thinks about people the way I do. All right, snap out of it you stupid jerk. You're eating a turkey sandwich. What do want, a Nobel Prize?
What do you got there?
He went crazy from one note. He couldnt get it out of his head. I think it was an A. He kept repeating it over and over again. He had to be institutionalized.
The Inka-dink.. You were It.
And a bit of a tramp if you ask me.
Ehh, I dunno..
Yeah. Was that a beauty or what?
Ill call him. (Jerry picks up the cordless phone. He points to the rotary phone on the coffee table. Kramer, George, and Elaine struggle for it.) Hello, Ray?... Hi, Ray, this is Ravas friend, Elaines friend, Jerry... The King of Comedy, right. Listen, you know that statue on your mantle, the one with the blue lady? (He covers the reciever and yells at Kramer and George.) Would you shut up?! (to the phone) Yeah, you dont want to talk about it over the phone?.. You dont want Rava to hear?... Yeah, I understand... You know that coffee shop near my house, Monks?... All right, tomorrow... One o clock... Great, okay, bye.
George, pick up. I know you're screening for Allison.
No.
It's not.
I didn't call her till today.
Hey.
How are you gonna do that?
Ya take it easy.
Kramer?
Yeah.
Great, how about you?
Yeah.
Hey. What's all this?
Ok...
(into phone) Tell 'em I'll come down and talk to 'em. Okay, bye. (to George) Well, that was the Friars Club. D'you think they're gonna let a jacket-stealer join? I don't think so! They're gonna charge me eight hundred dollars for the jacket, and I gotta deal with Pat Cooper!
You taking Allison?
No.
Well, so, are you gonna break up with her?
(knocking) Hey, Jenna. Hey!
You'll chicken out at the last second.
Carrot cake? Now w-why is that a cake? You don't make carrots into a cake. I'm sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Don't you think that's coming on a little too strong? .. Isn't that like a turn off?
So, what was the fire? Just a couple of greasy hamburgers?
Nobody wants to go on a three hour bus tour of a totally unknown person's life.
Well, she'll still be an ex-con.
(Joking around) Well, that's one hell of a gig. (Turning around, he picks up a box labeled "Ori-dent") Hey, look, I got something for you. The Ori-dent!
Oh, what's the point?
I mean all that stuff is so small.. ((ELAINE is wryly assessing him)) stupid..
(walking up) Pendant? Those bastards.
Oh hi Jack.
A smirk?
You. I'm talking about people.
(continues)Like a shrimp farmer....
Ahhh got my laundry back.
No, I'm okay.
Kramer's got more muscle, higher protein content. It's better for you.
Tunisia?
Yeah, I probably have. Yeah, of course I have. What am I talking about?
50 bucks. That table over there, the three couples.
Alright, let's just get to work. (They both move into the living room - ready to start writing their script. Jerry sits down) NBC Pilot, Seinfeld project. Act I, Scene A.
Yeah.
Look, she's cutting up an Almond Joy.
Bye.
You chuck.
Where did you get all these?
Australia?
Oh, they're staring. They know we're on a date. They're making fun. Come on. It's embarrassing.
The Bizarro coffeeshop?
Adjacent to refuse, is refuse.
Something to drink?
But, your father's not bald.
And when is Brother Costanza planning on telling Mother Costanza?
Yeah!
Because I didn't think anyone would leave it!
See ya. (Jane Leaves; after the door closes Kramer jumps in shock) what's with you?
35, and George, on the invitations...
I'm being audited! And you broke up with her?
See ya.
Where do I know her?
I'm still big. It's the bootlegs that got small. So how are things at the office? Back to normal?
Hey.
Hi, Lisi.
Untalented, She's always inviting me to see her in some bad play in tiny room without ventilation. It's really depressing.
All right, Elaine but this is beyond news. This is like Pearl Harbor. Or the Kennedy assassination. It's like not even news. It's total shock.
Alcohol.
Really...
Well, uh, I uh, I dont want you to get upset or anything but uh, with Martin and all, well maybe its not such a good idea for us to be seen together in the building, because, you know, he had a lot of friends here.
Yeah. So, anyway, the engine's been idling a little rough. I thought it might be time for a check up...
I can't get a sublet, a guest room, a cot, nothing?
Uh.. one of the three tenors.
Yeah, pretty damn good one, too!
Well, I was walking around naked in front of Melissa the other day--
But, you know, what if, you know?
Doctor? Hes a podiatrist.
What is your problem?
Wait a minute! It still smells! It still smells!
That's my walkman!
Yeah.. When he's dead he'll be relieved... Oh by the way Viking Press sent a Fedex for you to my parents. They brought it with 'em.
So youre staying at Play Now?
So after the sucking, comes the weaning.
Latex? And what do I do with latex?
You?
Whom I gonna tell?
Yeah, so am I being funny now?
I'll call back, thank you. (hangs up the phone) He went to South America!
Seth, it's me. What's more important than catching up with an old college buddy?
So know every time you get dressed. You are going to go down to the basement and use the dryer.
Take care.
I've always wanted to do that...
I thought you weren't coming back till Monday.
Yeah, it's so nice when it happens to you.
(turns) Newman.
Except Jon is spelled with an H. J-O-H-N.
Hello.
Who's that?
The bad date, the bad sport, the bad citizen... (looks at table as George exits) The bad tipper!
I don't know. So what's this job of yours?
Hey! I heard the good news!
Who was in town on a business venture, and um..
When's he leaving? (putting some items into the refrigerator)
So what?
But you like your Joel Rifkin.
Elaine's writing a "Murphy Brown"?
You mean they're actually doing the fitted hats? Cool.
He's got like a chemical imbalance. He needs to be on medication.
(Persistent) Well, I'm doin' it, get out of my way.
Leave a message, Ill call you back.
We won. Were in the finals on Wednesday.
You mean *a* career.
(Modest) Oh, thanks.
Elaine? What does she have to - (notices Newman looking up at him longlingly.) Oh no...
Dont' worry about it. They're just TV executives.
Out of town?
Not really. Sometimes, when I'm in the tub.
No, nothing.
(to George) I mean, come on. (a thought occurs) No, the stupidest thing you ever said was when you said Steve Kroft from Sixty Minutes is the same guy from *Seals and Croft*.
Yeah, theyre so funny and so comfortable with each other, and I could be comfortable too, if I had pants like that. I could sit on a porch and wrestle around, and maybe even be part of a real bull session.
(To Elaine) You sure we're makin' the right move?
You, you cant overdry.
I think we've worked out a system.
Well, I'm not going to eat a cake with a hair on it.
Tony, hey hey (continues fooling)
Yeah, she's Romanian, she won a silver at the '84 Olympics.
Why?
No,, but thank you.
Did I?
Blood over there, sausages over here. I'm living in a slaughter house.
You should just do it like a Band-Aid. One motion! Right off!
There's a friend of ours on drugs and we're going to confront him.
"Ahh! You too with these?"
No, no, you can't. He's working on the car right now. You can not disturb him while he's working. But I'm going down there in like an hour, if you wanna meet me down there. You know the place, it's on fifty-sixth street?
Who am I?
Oh, see the baby again with the baby..
Oh yeah? Huh.
you're fine (goes to the bathroom)
Don't be so sure. Look at George - he's on his ninth date with Betsy, he still hasn't gotten anywhere with her.
Boy, it's hard to believe - with all that biting experience - a person could still make a mistake like that.
It's Jerry.
What do you think it could've been just some dude?
Well... (Thinking of something to say) Welcome aboard.
Were you crying? I mean, its just a grape. Youll find it.
What date? It's a GUY.
Alright, just get your thing together and let's get out of here.
I think he's the same age as the father.
So, what's it about?
We'll be funny.
Let's go.
Elaine, see this T-shirt, six years I've had this T-shirt. It's my best one, I call him Golden Boy.
Act I, Scene A..
(Starts to correct then realizes) Well...
Yeah
(to the phone) Hello? (disappointed) Oh, hi Joel. (Jerry hits Kramer with a magazine.) No. Uh, I was out of town. I just got back. Kramer doesnt know anything. Hes just my next-door neighbor. Uh, nothing much... Tuesday? Uh, Tuesday, no. Im meeting somebody... Uh, Wednesday? Wednesdays okay... All right. Uh, Im a little busy right now. Can we talk Wednesday morning?... Okay... Yeah... Right... Thanks... Bye. (Jerry hangs up; to Kramer) Why did you put me on the phone with him? I hate just being handed a phone.
Yeah.
To wash my hands. Theyre sticky from the orange.
How long has she been there?
Turn around, George.
Well, I'm not really that much of a meat eater.
Marlene.
Yeah?
Well, at least you probably had some, uh, pretty good make-up sex after.
What seems to be the problem, officer?
Aren't you cold? Where's your jacket?
Yes! Step into that spotlight and belt that gonorrhea out to the back row.
hello.. Erika
You all right?
I think she meant me, but.
I'm Jerry Seinfeld, I tell jokes for a living, but there's no joking about the financial crisis here at PBS. Our lines are open, so please call the number you see on your screen.
Yes. Right above me.
It's because of her that bottle got broke that I was going to give to Charles Grodin on his show.
Wait. Way--way--way--way--way--way--wait! Who?!
It's a mammal.
So you bought a cooler?
Why are they settling?
Well what do you suggest?
What did you say?
So I guess , you're not getting married?
Well don't get too comfortable. As soon as Seth gets a real job you two are gong back in that chicken supernova.
A forty-eight pack of Eggo waffles? A gallon of barbecue sauce? Ten pounds of cocktail meatballs?
It's not a speech. Do I have to make a speech?
I'm serious!
Are you nuts? There's no way I'm holding that thing.
Hm.
What show?
Alright, then just get rid of it. You wont have any problem.
Not conversion. You're thinking conversion?
Fine...
Not as long.
Oh, yes. Particularly if youre not in it.
No, let's just do it. (Fire alarm goes off) What? What is going on? What is that about?
Hello..
I have money. I make money.
Have you seen his act? He's got a twelve-minute bit about Ovaltine. He's a punk, a patsy, a hack.
She does stink and she should quit. But I don't want it to be because of me. It should be the traditional route; years of rejections and failures till she's spit out the bottom of the porn industry.
Oh, yeah! I wanna see that. Bring it over.
No. I'm waiting for...
Is that what the doctor said?
Swirl.
What did you really get?
Yeah. That's true.
Yes! This guy ripped me off! He stole that statue right out of my house!
Here, what is that?!!
What?
A present.
The ending is the whole thing. Without the ending, it's nothing. You had *nothing*.
The...black, leather...thing with a strap.
It's this one here in the back. (Tilts his head back, and knocks Elaine's trophy out the window. A loud hissing sound and commotion is heard from the street below. Everyone runs to the windows to look.)
Great. Uh, you know what? Why don't you put it in the car so I don't toss it in that dumpster?
...that's why men hunt and women nest.
Hug is definitely good.
1409, that's a good score.
Elaine, don't get too down. Everything'll even out, see, I have two friends, you were up, (has his one hand up and his other hand down) he was down. Now he's up, (switches the positioning of his hands) you're down. You see how it all evens out for me?
Yeah.... well Elaine.
Natural? Sex is about love between a man and a woman, not a man and a sandwich.
Yeah, I see what you mean. I forgot who I was dealing with here.
Uh.. well, you better not. I'm supposed to be careful with it.
Leo's furious. (He stops in his tracks when he sees Elaine looking at George's book) What is that doing on the table?
You have an airtight case!
There should be a B.O. squad that patrols the city like a "Smell Gestapo". To sniff 'em out, strip 'em down, and wash them with a big, soapy brush...
Oh no! >click click< Kramer, this phone's a piece of junk, goodbye!
I'm looking. That's the point. I like looking.
You're right there.
Hey.
No Elaine he's normal. Your boyfriend is a normal guy. He just happens to have the same name as one of the worst serial killers in the history of New-York.
He took you to Rage-aholics? Why?
Are you out of your mind? You got the AIDS walk tomorrow!
I dunno, maybe...
Your boyfriend, he's taking it out.
You're right. My fault.
I told you, it's like getting beaten with a bag of oranges.
(To George) Who picked these out?
No, I haven't.
Hi.
You're meeting Susan for lunch at the coffee shop?
(Points at Elaine) And the indigent.
Oh he'll be home, it's Friday night. That's the big night on the Nature Channel.
Excellent film. In fact Quinn said he never felt so good as when he left a note after smacking into a car.
Kramer dating your room mate. It's funny.
See, I don't get that. First they come out with the regular, then a year later they come out with the cherry. They know that we like the cherry, start with cherry! Then come out with the regular!
Yeah, she works in his office. Now she's gonna see him tomorrow and tell him she saw me here tonight. He's gonna tell his wife, his wife's gonna call my mother. Oh, this is bad, you don't know, the chain reaction of calls this is gonna set off. New York, Long Island, Florida, it's like the Bermuda Triangle. Unfortunately, nobody ever disappears. My uncle to my aunt, my aunt to my mother, my mother to my uncle...
Well, she's here. She just didn't get around to it.
What if I didn't do it right?
No.
I'm not swearing. I don't want to swear.
Not good.
George, you're gonna marry this woman. Most likely.
[Elaine]
Reer.
Nothin' What do you want?
I mean it's a terrific pen, but I think you should keep it. (he hands the pen to Jack)
I forgot my toothbrush.
Well goody for you.
Well, I think you're wrong.
Yeah. Like Bizarro Superman. Superman's exact opposite, who lives in the backwards bizarro world. Up is Down. Down is Up. He says "Hello" when he leaves, "Good bye" when he arrives.
Nice. French doors'd really open this place up. Oh, but you have a slop-bucket.
So, does he like you?
I know it was stupid.
Well, they want me to come up with an idea. I mean, I don't have any ideas.
We're with him, we're with him.
The Charlie Macarthy hearings.
Sure.
Sue Ellen Mishke?
Because, HE'S my directions.
What did you do?
Wait a second. Maybe there is someway we can tempt him and find out...
I know. No awkward pauses. Probably the reason we never fooled around..
Your core temperature?
That's always the first question with you. Why is that always your focus?
Can't you just listen to me?
Kramer, you're still on the phone?
Hey. Look at you. Wha... what's this?
Avocado? I don't know how to pick out an avocado.
Yes he did.
You're not writing any letters!
How do you explain your apartment?
Yeah, Uncle Leo.
OK, I blame you.
Yeah, yeah
I dont want cantaloupe now.
That's good.
Got it.
Uhm, see the key to eating a Black and White cookie, Elaine, is you want to get some black and some white in each bite. Nothing mixes better than, vanilla and chocolate. And yet still somehow racial harmony eludes us. If people would only *Look to the Cookie* -- all our problems would be solved.
If not now, when?
George's girlfriend, Elaine thinks she looks like me but I think it's as you would say,kookie talk.
Yes, I heard you.
Goodnight.
$875?
I know. Im really running out of excuses with this guy. I need some kind of excuse rolodex.
White Plains.
This is an emergency, what's taking so long? (the door buzzer buzzes) Wait a second, maybe that's them. (presses button) Hello?
If you can.
Oh, big mouth Newman. I should have guessed.
Hang on.
Oh, well, of course. Nineteen-seventy-three.
I bought you a Cadillac. (hands over the keys) Here you go.
Midnight Express, my friend.
But what about the messages?
How does sitting next to a person in a movie theater increase the level of enjoyment? You can't talk during a movie. You know, this is stupid, c'mon, let's just go.
No. (George grabs his jacket) So now you're going to his apartment? I really think this is nuts.
I know, and then you say to yourself, From this moment on, Im not gonna waste any more of it. But then you go, How? What can I do thats not wasting it?
The whole thing is so stupid. Like he wouldn't do the same thing if Elaine walked by in a low-cut dress.
Beats me.
Thank you.
And there was a little problem with the physical chemistry.
I strained my neck last night.
Yeah , yeah .
Astronaut!
We'll take a check please.
No.
Oh, maybe a haircut, and, I don't know, maybe a...
I just don't think you should go alone. Can't you wait till after my set?
So, how did you get up there? Did you say you had to use the bathroom?
You know that clothing salesman had a lot of nerve hitting on Elaine right in front of me. He stands to make a big commission too on that jacket with the crest that nobody seems to like. You know what I'm gonna do.? I'm gonna take that jacket back.. I'm putting this guy ....RIGHT OUT OF COMMISSION....
hello. Oh, hi. What's happening?  what? oh um, sure,  um, yeah, okay, uh. I'll see you then. Yeah, yeah, Bye.
What are you talking about?
(Joking around) I think it's the stench of death.
Well, before we do anything...maybe we should talk.
Well, George told me the whole story, line for line, I mean I almost feel like I've seen it already and walked out on it.
Youre welcome.
He cleared his throat?
I can ball park it.
No!
"I don't think so."
He did it.
(Joking) You know, if Richie Brandes did this, I'd be suspicious, you know. He's always got some ulterior motive.
Oh, did - did she say anything else to you?
Well, they might hook us up again.
I'm sure he's having a good laugh over this with his doorman buddies.
(Introducing the two) George, this is Nina.
No, you idiot.
I just think if you borrow my blender you should return it.
So Marcelino's going to take down the check?
(to the man in the elevator) Hey, hey. Wait a second. Hey! Hello!
Already?
What's going on out there?
Yeah, this is room 419, I'd like a wake-up call for 650 AM tomorrow morning.
Well this is it.
I'm a good printer.
A call for one, you know I thought I've heard everything. I've never heard a relationship being affected by a punctuation.
Did you hear something?
That's why I should date a giving person. If I date a taking person, everyone's taking, taking, taking, no one's giving - it's bedlam.
That's what I thought.
Hey.
Yes, it is.
Elaine, he's a.. he's a male bimbo, he's a mimbo
Now why would a junior high school want to screw with my head?
Reversed?! (Kramer comes hobbling out of the doctors office in pain, after having a vasectomy of his own, and exits. Jerry and Newman look at each other, and bolt for the door themselves.)
What's that on your forehead?
Martine?
Five, ten minutes.
Elaine, as your legal counsel I must advise against this.
Why does he want to hold a rope underneath Woody Woodpecker in the Thanksgiving Day Parade?
How can you think of food at the time like this?
Oh they were tired it was a last minute thing.
But the point is we have our personal relationship, and we have our work relationship. They're separate and, I think, some what sophisticated.
Look, if other people are having some, I'll try you.
I don't know . I have no idea . I was just listening and she came on.
Hey, George. Here's the model number on that chair, by the way.
You still using that old alarm clock?
Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Don't take the bridge.. Get off here. We can't go back to my place, Elaine's having the shower.
A little white dog?
We're trying to find out what happened to Kramer.
Thank you, thanks.
It was great! I've done it a few more time since then.
Hey, Jeff. What's happening?
Kramer, the Mets have got men on base!
Well, I didn't know that you didn't invite him.
Well, I do.
Dad, I'm sorry.
No.
Well, she could come.
"Don't you see what's happened, he couldn't talk , he's wearing these shoes, he's drooling."
Alright, soldier boys, let's fall out.
Yes.
You're swimming in the East River? The most heavily trafficked overly contaminated waterway on the eastern seaboard?
I think I may have made a big mistake.
You swear?
Oh yeah, hold on.
But the question is, are you still master of your domain?
You know... You better make sure and never tell this woman to jump off the Brooklyn Bridge...
So are you gonna get him a chair?
I don't want a van.
Gee, I'm really sorry.
It's all George's fault. All that talk about impotence. It got to me. And that orgasm stuff orgasm this and orgasm that. It's a lot of pressure!
Oh, it's no problem. You can take whatever you want.
Did you give her a reason?
Anyway, the Hizballah has invited me to perform. (Joel shakes his head agreeing; Jerry smiles) You know, its their annual terrorist luncheon.
Bagels?
Really.
It's not even my car, it's a rental.
Who's got a tissues? I need more tissues! Look at this thing. It's my phone finger!
What is it?
Id really like to go, Elaine. But, George is coming back from the hospital. I gotta wait for him. But otherwise I would definitely go.
Ma, you cant look up words in the dictionary! (to Morty) Dad, shes cheating!
She wants to be an actress. She makes me read these moronic acting scenes with her, and I do it because I'm so addicted to the sex, I'm helpless, I'll do anything. So finally Kramer comes in the other day.
So, could I...
All right.
Im just so glad its back.
Its very good.
I'll tell you why. Because I believe Whatley converted to Judaism just for the jokes. (Phone rings)
But an 85?
You unwittingly made a major commitment. That's a lot of pressure.
You see what's going on here? You're attracted to him because he can't remember anything about you.
Showmanship, George. When you hit that high note, you say goodnight and walk off.
Teddy Padillac. Long time, no see. (pointing at the umbrellas) What've you got in a push-button mini.
He's this guy in the neighborhood, parks cars on the block.
What the hell is going on here?
Thats your big boy.
Two for Prognosis Negative. I'm in big trouble.
Oh, that's gotta hurt.
No, not for me. A little too delightful. Well, George and Jane should be almost there by now.
Oh!.It's an affectionate caricature.
Yeah, I thought it was stupid. Unless you guys are liking it again.
Oh so what.
All right George, c'mon, what d'you got? (sits opposite George)
Well, I mean, does it ever erupt into a drunken orgy of violence?
I hate clothes, okay? I hate buying them. I hate picking them out of my closet. I cant stand every day trying to come up with little outfits for myself. I think eventually fashion wont even exist. It wont. I think eventually well all be wearing the same thing. Cause anytime I see a movie or a TV show where theres people from the future or another planet, theyre all wearing the same thing. Somehow they decided, This is going to be our outfit. One-piece silver jumpsuit, V-stripe, and boots. Thats it. We should come up for an outfit for Earth. An Earth outfit. We should vote on it. Candidates propose different outfits. No speeches. They walk out, twirl, walk off. We just sit in the audience and go, That was nice. I could wear that.
Karma Kramer?
It's like Im talking to my Aunt Sylvia here.
People with guns don't understand. That's why they get guns. Too many misunderstandings.
Who?
You think he's faking?
Are you sure?
Forget about Elaine. Let's just focus on us. Come on, big hug. (Mickey and Karen enter)
Kramer's cooking up some corduroy.
I was sitting on the chair. She was over here on the couch.
(to the Drake) Sure! ... Okay... Don't worry, I'm taking MY car! ... okay... okay, see you later... bye...
You just missed him. he just left. What do you need him for?
Well, I don't mind someone with a phony personality, but I gotta draw the line somewhere.
Well, did you get the ball?
So, what's on your mind?
I don't think I can be that nice.
Yeah, they're in London now. They'll be back in a few weeks.
Oh, no.
So you're okay with everything?
Alright, I'll call you back as soon as I'm done.
Get out! Get out of the bathroom, I gotta go!
No, it's...
You play a *Hell* of a piano.
But it was in the cylinder!
Hey.
I don't know, some mints or TicTacs.
George I'm telling ya..
Uh, yeah, I think I do.
You know, long dark hair.
Nah. Ill just wear the pajamas.
Why don't you get a new sofa?
Listen, Joel, I dont think we should see each other anymore.
Well you can't take her maybe you can't take me either.
Can you grab a nap at work.
That's not the test. Contact is the test, if it moves, as a result of contact.
Pennypacker.
All right.
Well, break a leg.
"Within the confines of his fastidious bachelor *pad*, Seinfeld and Costanza bicker over the cleanliness of a piece of *fruit* like an old married couple--" *I told you that pear was washed*!
Well you can't just mention it and then not tell me.
Elaine its her cat. Her cat had the fungus. So I need the tube back.
It's on the door.
Nothing.
Well, that's garbage.
Same situation. Pay him off, and you're clean.
Yes you do.
You have no idea.
What about bran?
They cross the wires or something.
Sorry about that.
What do you mean they're not going to do anything, they're the cops, they gotta do something, he just put the kibosh on me, do you know what the kibosh means, its a kibosh!
Hum, well it all comes as news to me.
Ah, separate knob.
Yeah. Yes, she is.
I never heard anybody curse in a toast.
Sit down, Elaine.
Well, ah, I've been looking forward to it.
What?
I love the Drake!
Ipecac? Kramer, I really think you guys are going too far with this.
Nope. You?
It's a haaazy mystery.
She died? Mrs. Hudwalker died?
Hey what about Dr. Resnick My Uncle Leo is going to see him tomorrow .
But you didn't really do any work.
Well what am I supposed to do now?
So, it's actually gotten to you? You're playing right into his hands!
(CONT'D) What I haven't told you, or anyone else for that matter, is that my father's been in a Red Chinese prison for the past fourteen years.
(lying) Yes.
What are you talkin about? Its fine, I love having you here.
(no amused) Fantastic.
Well, technically he did apologize.
But you can never keep a secret.
Well, that's what comes from avoiding manual labor your whole life.
Wait a minute, that's my ticket! You didn't even want to go.
I'm here to catch a glimpse... of high society.
Oh, hello...
It's hardly been used.
It's a letter from the Immigration Bureau, it's Babu's Visa renewal application form. They must have put it in my mailbox by mistake.
Yeah, he's good. He takes good pictures. He's got equipment over there.
No, it's stupid.
Non-fat yogurt? Oh, my god. They got Giuliani and he doesn't even know it.
I'm serious about it.
Mike thinks I'm a phony.
All right, all right. All right, thats enough! Lets get back to my deal. That undercoating, thats a rip-off, isnt it, David?
Do you believe this? The car was parked right out front.
(taking the menus) Oh, thanks.
Oh Friday, I can't, I'm sorry, I have a date.
Ah, I didn't have enough money.
What am I gonna say?
Did you find out who stabbed him?
It's a very complicated area.
(Joking about the bra-less wonder) Well, at least the wedding gown will give her some support.
What happened to your mental alarm?!
The what??
Yeah. Me.
Oh yeah, I heard all about it.
Back and to the left Back and to the left
Well he sure worked pretty fast with Elaine.
Hello there, how're you doing?
Biff, what did you whistle on the elevator?
Honey, what'd you do with the can opener?
Couldn't be the guy...nah.
"Don't you know the difference between seltzer and salsa?? You have the seltezer after the salsa!"
Hey, what are ya up to?
Good body, nice body.
But once you put medicine in your medicine cabinet you're never using it again. Any medicine you're using, is on the sink. It's not really even a medicine cabinet, it's really like an ointment museum isn't it? It's like here's a saff from 1983, some cream from the 70s. But you want to keep it private, because a medicine cabinet is a place that reveals our weaknesses and it can really throw off the balance between two people that might be going out. Somebody peeks in there, "Oh I see Mr. Perfect needs tough actin' Tinactin. Well I guess I'll be calling the shots in this relationship from now on."
(trying to shut the trunk hood) Something wrong with this trunk.
Well, sleepy here is quite a weasel, maybe he can bat for you.
It's not a valet, it's a protg.
No.
What do you mean you can't go? There's two really girls sitting at the counter eating grilled cheese. Cheese, George! Cheese!
(answering phone) Y'hello.
You told Testikov, (Elaine nods) that Tolstoy wanted to name his book "War-- What Is IT Good For?"?
Yes, shocking brutality don't you think?
I would say every two and a half to eight weeks.
I woulda taken you to the airport.
Hey, hey. I understand. Youre businessmen.
I can't believe what I just did. I didn't know kramer didn't invite him. I better call Kramer, ...
(cutting in) I'm not the one doing the cooking, Newman.
That's right.
No, but the difference is negligible.
So? She used the toothbrush!
Yeah, my grandma's missing.
Kramer, I am so sick of you comin' in here and eatin' all my food. Now shut that door and get the hell out of here!
No, Kramer, I don't want you to say anything to him.
Hi.
(Surprised to see her, he gets up) Where's George?
Well, thank you very much. I'm telling you, one more day stinkbreath!
Who's Cartwright?
But if you go back with me , then I'm not.
(walking over toward George and the door) I'll call you later.
From what?
Son's of bitches! Good luck finding them... him... whatever. I'd like to stick around and get my hands on him myself, but I gotta take off.
Yeah, but it never works.
And what did you go back for? Jujyfruit?
Awright, fine. You wanna see it?
Look, let me just give you the forty, plus another twenty for your trouble.
Oh, come on, We'll divide it up three ways.
What?
I don't have anything, I gave it to that guy.
Phone call? Who knows I'm here?
I'm just pretending I'm married to get a discount on dry-cleaning.
No, no. Still doin the big sweep across.
Everything.
Why'd you tell her?!
No, no, I...
I hate the counter.
Yeah, all right, well I got some people here.
Mr. Fields?
Yeah..... He caught me So here's what I want you to do. Come back with me to the store and we'll pretend to look at the coat.
Pull yourself together. Your going in there soldier! That's an order!
What?
Well, I still think it's wrong.
I only eat cantaloupe at certain times...
Tell me about it!
Wow
(Jerry brings her back) You took too many of those pills.
Maybe we should call this off.
I can't beleive your father owns this place. So how are the desserts here?
Well, it was the best of those movies.
Kramer, George didn't have a heart attack.
David!
She's coming up.
ALL RIGHT, COME ON UP (Jerry puts his head down - he's not looking forward to Kenny Bania)
We can't eat here anymore, because he took a waitress out for a walk.
Tennis, anyone?
(to waitress) I' ll just have a cup of coffee.
Absolutely. Nikki!
It's a letter from your friend Barry Prophet's lawyer.
Okay, take it.
You're Filk.
And then when I come out of the pool, my towel's always gone.
so what is Steinbrenner going to do if he doesn't get his calzones?
Shell call you back. Youre overreacting.
Well, just give it back, and I wont say anything.
Told her the truth? Well, you got Babu deported.
Kramer, I can't get that many Wizards.
I'm banned?!
I think I saw one a coupla doors down.
Oh no. Thats impossible. Id rather lie to him for the rest of my life that go through that again. He was crying. Tears. Accompanied by mucus.
Not (with) that, no..
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What is that sound?
Hello, Newman.
(pointedly) Yeah, I'm good for about four thousand dollars.
Yea but...
Because I think the blind would probably be a little messier around the house. And lets face it they're not going to get all the crumbs. I'd possibly be walking around with a sponge.
You let him fight?
Really? I thought you were rebuffed.
How do you like that? (tries to turn away again; thinking)Can I turn now? Is this over? No, I cant, I cant. Im stuck.
This one?
Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Wha -- what are you doing?
Right in front of me!. How do you know we're not together. Two guys, sittin' laughin' drinking Champagne Coolies.
My car!
I'm glad I cut you off, because black Saab rules! So long, jackass!
Sure.
What?
Oh, yeah. Right. Like anybody's ever gonna do this! How did you get me to go along with that? A show about nothing!
Come on. Something's on your mind. Out with it.
All right, take it easy.
I dunno, watch it on TV I guess. Why?
No actually, she took it pretty well.
Boy shes sexy isnt she?
Here he is... that's the guy! (rolls up window) No, thank you, go back... go back... I'll park it! You go back!
What do you mean, you snubbed her?
What happened to Vincent?
Would you take a drink and let us smell you?
You know I thing Kramer might have been responsible for getting Richie involved with drugs in the first place.
Ah, don't worry. I made reser... (catches himself)
You want the tickets?
Oh, Im sorry. Elaine, this is my cousin, Artie Levine.
He's from uh...Trinidad and Tobago, right?
Uh Laura, George was wondering if...
The door? You left the door open?
Maybe instead of trying to satisfy two of your needs, how about satisfying one of somebody else's.
Oh! my God!....
Oh boy, can you smell it?
Oh, yeah. My friend Elaine and him are goin' out. They're pretty hot and heavy.
Oh, well.
Yeah.
Maybe I'll try and catch up with you.
I would except I forgot to bring a towel.
In the freezer.
(Giving Newman a sour look) I'm just hanging out in this hell-hole because of George.
Yeah, she's got a big nose.
It was nice meeting you By the way, How do you warm up your fingers before you play?
Now I gotta take the car down to Tony and get it checked out.
What car?
Oh, well, if you repeat the name of the gift, you can't possibly like it.
30 years.
Where are your pants?
(to the phone) Hello?
(livid) Diabolical. He thought of everything. He was setting me up from day one!
They haul you aboard the mother ship, take you back to their planet as a curiosity. Now would you rather be in their zoo, or their circus?
Did you tell her you loved her?
I understand (not really understanding, lol).
Well I should tell you that I'm Jewish.
Yep..
What happened?
What is she making?
Everything?
Who?
Well, thats a lot of money. But, if thats the way its gotta be, thats the way its gotta be.
So, Silvio ambushed Joe Mayo?
Leroy
I'm not letting you cheat, Newman. You're not getting anywhere near that board.
(under his breath) George.
(scoffs) Two minutes. Believe me, I know his two minutes. By his conception of time, his life will last over two thousand years.
(positive) Fantastic. Fantastic woman.
Yeah, I guess I slipped up.
Are you sure?
Is this my stereo?
Yeah.
the usual
So you're tunneling to the center of the Earth? (Elaine laughs silently)
Green suit, power ring.
Hello Newman.
What do you mean?
No, I don't know if I'm invited.
Well, means that a man has come from very far away to compete in a very difficult race, he's put his faith in you, and frankly, I'm a little concerned!
(What's goin' on,) like yesterday, I go to the bank to make a deposit, an' the teller gives me this look, like--
Why?
Don't flatter yourself, my friend. I'm here strictly for material, and I have a feeling this is a potential gold mine.. I still think you're nuts, though.
Nothing.
Those wisdom teeth are tough to get out.
(looking of into the distance) I guess that's true...
Well, it's something to consider.
I said I was coming down with the flu or something and I had to go home.
(trying to divert Vic's attention) What about the gentle cycle? You ever use that?
Yeah, too bad.
May I? (pantomimes making a big "X" across the painting)
I thought it was green. I remember seeing green.
The driver seems a little put out.
(quietly) Mm-hm.
George.
Elaine, breaking up is like knocking over a coke machine. You cant do it in one push, you got to rock it back and forth a few times, and then it goes over.
Don't you know? Look-look at your face! You only shaved the right side of your face! What is this? A joke?
Is there a box spring?
Well I think I can do that. I believe I've played that role before to some critical acclaim.
Someone says, Get out of my life, and that doesnt affect your appetite?
Are you okay?
I get it.
Sounds like he runs a real tight ship.
Sex... to save the friendship. (Elaine drops her bag, takes off her jacket and walks into Jerry's bedroom) Well, if we have to (un-tucks his shirt) we have to.
Roy, should we go? Is this a breach of our friendship?
yeah. I think I do.
Well, there ya go. What's so hard about that?
So, I fly a lot. I like planes. I was on a plane the other day and I was wondering - are there keys to the plane? Do they need keys to start the plane? Maybe that's what those delays on the ground are sometimes. When you're just sitting there at the gate, maybe the pilot's just up there in the cockpit going (mimics looking for keys) "Oh, I don't believe this. Oh my god...I did it again." They tell you it's something mechanical, because they don't want to come on the PA system..."Ladies and gentlemen, we're going to be delayed here on the ground for a little while, I uh...Oh God, this is so embarrassing...I - I left the keys to the plane in my apartment." You see the technicians all running underneath the plane; you think they're servicing it, but they're actually looking for the magnet "hide-a-key" under the wing..."maybe he left it up there somewhere..."
Why?
No, I never got the car. We were having such a good time, by the time I got to the police garage, it was closed.
Who?
These people never fail. They sit in a room with a big clock all night long, just waitin' to make that call! (George comes in)
You ever find anything?
"Jimmy's got a record. Jimmy's jumping for dollars. Jimmt and George are gonna get rich."
Seems reasonable.
That's so strange.
What, you rented "Home Alone"?
Wow, the whole building burned down.
(doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o. La-la-la. (haha)
And you are it!
Duncan Meyers!
All I said was "I like the pen".
Oh, I never even got to the gym. Kramer got the gloves, wanted to come home and start working on his floor.
Oh please.
I'm telling you, I got like a whole new Tonight Show here.
Yes, Jugdish.
Hello?
Oh, so hopelessness is the key.
Hey.
You've got a little rage.
Meryl Streep?
(back in booth) He's gonna get a muffin and then he'll walk us outside. This is a great way to go through life.
(Noting) You know, I've never seen you drive.
The hospital?
You got a regular 'Manhattan Project' going on over there.
Cookies?
This confers upon you instant boyfriend status. The family's there...you're taking care of things...you're gettin' the sandwiches...you're the rock!
Moved?
Well that's what's important.
Oh, please...
No, I don't think that..
This is what you gonna wear?
He wants this guy to think he's in Paris.
How'd you find out?
As a guy I dont know how I can break up with another guy. You know what I mean? I dont know how to say, Bill, I feel I need to see other men. Do you know what I mean? Theres nothing I can do. I have to wait for someone to die. I think thats the only way out of this relationship. It could be a long time. See, the great thing about guys is that we can become friends based on almost nothing. Just two guys will just become friends just because theyre two guys. Thats almost all we need to have in common. Cause sports  sports and women  is really all we talk about. If there was no sports and no women the only thing guys would ever say is, So, whats in the refrigerator?
I have no idea.
You're just straightening up or you're cleaning?
Don't play coy with me, Newman, I'm not in the mood!
The hardest part about being a clown, it seems to me, would be that you're constantly referred to as a clown. "Who was that clown?", "I'm not working with that clown, did you hire that clown?", "The guy's a clown!". How do you even start into being a clown, how do you know that you want to be a clown, I guess you get to a point where you're pants look so bad, it's actually easier to become a clown than having the proper alterations done. Because if you think about it, a clown, if there isn't a circus around them, is really just a very annoying person. You're in the back seat of this guys Volkswagen, "What, you're picking somebody else up? Oh man!"
Oh, stop it.
(Interested, still looking at the couple) Really?
And the worst part of course is that she also possessed many of the other qualities prized by the Superficial Man.
Come on! I know it's something you wanna do! (she pulls harder and he falls right off the table)
For what?
Yeah, it's very good. (reluctantly)
Hey, maybe you can pick me up some underwear! (Kramer enters.)
Hey, Frankie! So, where's the car?
Kramer, are you out of your mind? You got the AIDS walk in like, three hours! You're never gonna make it!
(Stops pulling on the pants) Alright, alright, That's no good. (Moves Kramer over to the couch) Let me try getting them from the bottom. (Goes for Kramer's Leg) Just gimme one leg.
Yeah, out of nowhere there's this lone dancer who appears to be injured.
...main difference between the women's wallet and the man's wallet, is the photo section. True? Women carry with them a photograph of every person they've ever met, every day in their whole lives, since the beginning of time. And every picture is out of date. You know what I mean? It's, "Here's my cousin, three years old. She's in the marines now." "This is my dog. He died during the Johnson administration." You know. You get stopped by a cop, no licence, no registration, (waves imaginary wallet) "Here's fifty-six people that know me." Cop goes. "Alright, ma'am, just wanted to make sure you had some friends, move it along. Routine pal check."
...so we were just kinda wondering if it was possible for you to write us a note, and if you can't, believe me, it's fine.
He's like a squirrel.
But you gotta know how to work the projector.
And what about that guy asking you out right in front of me?
I thought you were on strike?
Oh, she's not gonna tell Jane.
It's hard to say.
I gotta talk to her. What do you think?
I guess I coulda said just about anything there, couldn't I? (throws coat over his right shoulder)
All this for a Chuckle.
Me? Why me?
A virgin.
Oh like you do.
And there's so much more to go.
I don't know.
(to Kramer) Hold on a second. (to Morty) Hiya dad.
It's the Leonard Christian article about my show. Plus my gig in Miami got cancelled, I betcha it's because of the article.
Oh No, wait a second... Wait a second... I-I don't know the name of this woman in the bathroom, so when she comes out, you introduce yourself and then she'll be forced to say her name.
I didn't say I didn't like it. I said it was O.K...
(calls) Hey you two. Im ready to go.
Fantastic.
Maybe it's a shortcut.
Ah. You know, 'primavera' is Italian for 'spring.'
I don't know. They're, backed up.
Yeah, right.
I'd be very interested in something like that.
So, you're gonna wear 'em no matter what the situation?
No appointments at all? (motions to Elaine to move over)
(cynical) I'm sure it won't.
Oh, come on!
Thank you very much.
Good-bye, Koko.
I thought you said they had a good time, is there anything else you're keeping from me?
Oh what, because I didn't call him Maestro?
You know uh, Valerie, I uh, couldn't help but notice that I'm on your speed-dial.
But I don't know if this is gonna work.
I was got to be 55.
It's safer! Plus it's more annoying to the other person.
Wow! That's amazing!
(Let down) Oh.. (Starts to open the box) Oh, wait.. (Holding up one of the BBQ jars) This isn't the sauce that I asked for!
So, how's everything going?
c'mon ,c'mon....
Uh-huh.
It's brown.
The point is I'm going to be taking this lie detector test and that needle's going to be going wild.
As we all do.
No, I do not like the bank. Ive heard the expression Laughing all the way to the bank. I have never seen anyone actually doing it. And those bank lines. I hate it when theres nobody on the line at all, you know that part, you go to the bank, its empty and you still have to go through the little maze. (walking on the stage like he is going through a maze) Can you get a little piece of cheese for me? Im almost at the front. Id like a reward for this please.
What's with you?
How can I take it?
He was gonna fire you?
(holding up a can) Hey, is this your half a can of soda in the fridge?
At a rodeo. Where's she moving?
Hey.
That's right. I don't care for the salesman that sold it to me.
Like this? You just said you wanted to live here.
What? George Costanza, Frankie Merman.
I don't know!
All right, I'll go
So you say she was on a horse?
Hm. You ate.
Yes, we have.
Well, you should have seen it. It was quite a scene over there.
No. We both just saw the same monkey.
The bad thing about television is that everybody you see on television is doing something better than what youre doing. You ever see anybody on TV like just sliding off the front of the sofa with potato chip crumbs on their face? Some people have a little too much fun on television. The soda commercial people. Where do they summon this enthusiasm? Have you seen them? We have soda, we have soda, we have soda, jumping, laughing, flying through the air. Its a can of soda! Have you ever been standing there and youre watching TV and youre drinking the exact same product that theyre advertising right there on TV, and its like, you know, theyre spiking volleyballs, jet-skiing, girls in bikinis and Im standing there, Maybe Im putting too much ice in mine.
Well, ah w-what do you recommend my good fellow?
(Reading words George wrote on his hand) "Matthew, Luke, Paul", what youre cheating on your conversion chest?
You know, this is how they negotiate in the bizarro world.
Yeah, it's what John Wilkes Booth yelled out when he shot Lincoln.
Yeah.
You said "you little phony"?
(accusing) You're not wearing a shirt, are you?
Great day in the morning.
I can't take it anymore! She's driving me crazy! I can't sleep, I can't leave the house, and I' here, I'm climbin' the walls. Meanwhile, I'm dating a virgin, I'm in this contest - something's gotta give!
How you gonna get me up there?
Oh.
Well, just get it down.
How 'bout the march out?
No, I like Mike.
How did you get fleas?
Yeah!
Boy, I never heard of that happening to a woman?
I don't know what that could be.
(to Elaine) Where's Kramer? Shouldn't he be here by now.
She's drunk out of her mind.
By Elaine Benes?
Really? That guy who stopped saying hello?
What is that bubbling sound? Are you making your tomato sauce?
They're afraid they'll get in trouble for misusing a mail truck. Kramer doesn't want a record.
No! He's riding my coattails again. He's getting everything off me, first laughs now ladies.
About what? How to calculate five percent of a restaurant check?
Absolutely. I have no confidence in you.
That voice. That voice. Shes driving me crazy.
We'd get caught, I'd get the chair.
George?
But I think Mr. Kimbrough makes a good point.
Another ending?
I'm not a phony an' I don't want anything to do with this guy.
Not possible.
Yes, you did. You said 'We're Ted Danson'!
I know but I thought that maybe you could mention how I apologized then encouraged you to stick with it.
Yeah, when I went to pick her up there was this dude.
(also wearing a moustache) What do you mean, 'what is it?' It's a country right next to Belgium.
Do you hear this clunking?
And he didn't remember you?
Oh, Elaine. You know the way I am  rarely ever thinking of myself. My only concern is the welfare and happiness of those close to me. Sure, it hurts sometimes to give, and give, and give...
You must have done *something* wrong. You probably screwed up the order. Did you close with the swirl?
At your apartment?
Remember Mrs. Hudwalker? The ninety-four-year-old woman who lived above me?
A full house? You got a full house? Turn 'em over George, I wanna see 'em. Come on, I'm calling! (thumps hand on table) What d'you got!
STAIRS??? There's no elevator?
Oh, I get it, this is about the button.
Goodnight. (She gets out. Jerry leans forward, adding) Not just a good night - a great night. (She shuts the door, he waves)
I got a date with Nikki.
These are the receipts from 85 and I'm going to do 86.
What're you gonna do down there?
So, uh, how are things with Jerry?
I have to tell you that I did some very exciting news recently, and I dont know if I should really tell you exactly what it is because its really not a definite thing yet. (crowd cheers him on to tell them) Well, I will tell you what I know so far. According to the information that I have in the envelope that Ive received, it seems that I may have already won some very valuable prizes. (audience applauds) Well, thank you, thank you very much, well thank you. That's very nice to hear that. But, in all honesty, I have to say, I didnt even know I was in this thing. But, according to the readout, it looks like I am among the top people that they are considering. You know, thats what annoys me about the sweepstakes companies, they always tease you with that, You may have already won. Id like once for a sweepstakes company to have some guts, come out with the truth, just tell people the truth one time. Send out envelopes, You have definitely lost! You turn it over, giant printing, Not even close! You open it up, theres this whole letter of explanation, Even we cannot believe how badly you have done in this contest.
Typical rich people, using the world for their personal garbage can.
There's nothing wrong with my career!
I like it tucked.
(not as eager) Hi Joan.
Well, I figure if it doesn't work out I can always flush them down the toilet.
Who's gonna be O'Brien?
You know, why don't we wait? Because, I'm going out of town tomarrow.
Tremendous workout.
Problem in the bedroom?
A-Ahahahahah. Who told you?
You know, you're supposed to be the Bookie. Act like one.
Okay. I mean, what if the--
Right above me.
I mean, if anything happened, and we couldn't be friends the way we are now, that would be really bad.
Come on. Come on.
This is some beautiful parking spot you got here.
So I'm curious. What'd you tell Mrs. Costanza that changed her mind?
Two seconds. [To Skycap] Excuse me, my friend and I here, we were having a discussion and we were wondering what you usually get for a tip.
The broken window, Klompus never fixed it. They just walked right in.
Really good.
What? Devola? See I told you this guy is crazy. I can't believe this. What happened?
Well I can't the warranty expired two years ago.
It's okay, that's not bad.
NO! Kramer!
Oy ga-vault.
Is he gay?
Thus ends the great ball man experiment.
It was life and death.
Maybe that's why she's happy.
Tremendous girl.
Oh, it's George.
Maybe.
There was cleavage in the area. That's a reflex - (mimics nudging someone with an elbow) - cleavage-poke, cleavage-poke...
Well my friend, (Jerry puts his hand on Kramer's shoulder) it may be time to consider the dreaded apparatus.
Don't you ever talk about her like that!
Then how'd you get up there?
Of course.
Well, they certainly take up a lot of space.
Anyway, I'm a new man, and I'm looking towards the future. Clean, dirty, whatever.
That's what I was thinking.
What was the dream?
Hey, it's the K-man. (he bangs on the glass to get Kramer's attention, Elaine laughs) Maybe it's time you got a different hobby.
Elaine, have you noticed George was acting strange the whole flight?
No you don't.
But there - but there was no pick! I - I did not pick! There ws no piick!
Yeah, but how am I...
Bender.
Uh, yeah, yeah, sure, why dont you stay? Yeah, uhm...What is your, what is your schedule for tomorrow? Are you, are you doin anything?
Half silk, half cotton, half linen. How can you go wrong?
(simultaneously) I hate you!
She looks like something out of an old high school yearbook. You should say something to her.
And that guy is your new boss?
That's right, I'm taking a dive.
Come on up . (looks at his watch) ...What's he doing here now?
(muffled) Hi Wendy.
Sure. See, things always even out for me.
Elaine, wait! I need my spare keys!
(to the phone) No believe me, Im always up at this hour. How are you?... Great... Sure... What time does the plane get in?... I got my friend George to take me...
I've never had a job.
All right, all right, I?ll wear this. It's bad enough I?ve got to go to the opera I?ve got to sit next to ozzie nelson over here.
Rachel!
Are you ready?
Yeah, I did that too.
Maybe youre right.
Wow! Joe Pepitone!
Excuse me, fine, you don't want me to tuck, put me down for a no-tuck.
Yeah, I'm sure...
Get outta here.
I'd like to follow the regular procedures. I don't want any special treatment.
Well then what are all those ties and sport jackets doing in my closet?
So......Susan's dead.....
Oh. (unh - very quiet sigh)
I don't know.
Hey I don't even want the pen now!
Really? Its over?
Went out to dinner the other night. Check came at the end of the meal, as it always does. Never liked the check at the end of the meal system, because moneys a very different thing before and after you eat. Before you eat, money has no value. And you dont care about money when youre hungry. You sit down at a restaurant, youre like the ruler of an empire. More drinks, appetizers, quickly, quickly! It will be the greatest meal of our lives. Then after the meal, you know, youve got the pants open, youve got the napkins destroyed, cigarette butt in the mashed potatoes. Then the check comes at that moment. People are always upset, you know. Theyre mystified by the check. What is this? How could this be? They start passing it around the table, Does this look right to you? Were not hungry now. Why are we buying all this food?
Which word did he emphasize? Did he say, "Why would Jerry bring anything?" or, "Why would Jerry bring anything?" You emphasize "Jerry" or "bring."
What do you want me to do? I gave the guy the half-turn. (acts like he did in the movie) Then I gave him the full-turn with the eye roll. (does the next look) I mean, beyond that, Im risking a punch in the mouth. (To a stock boy) Excuse me, do you have these in the puffs?
What?!
(returning to the table) Remember Babu Bhatt?
well it's too much, it's embarrassing
Scarf?
Well, you've only got another fifty years or so to go before it'll *all* be over...
Yeah.
What's the matter?
Good personality. Funny. Bright.
Well, it's not Daylight Savings Time yet.
I think you scared me straight.
Maybe he was just trying to be nice.
Really?
(Also amazed) Who walks around the house like that?!
So what happened? You gave her my tax papers? ... My papers?
So Miranda's cooled on ya?
You dont have to say Wow. I know its Wow. (Kramer smiling) And theres that smile again. Well, what is that? (Intercom buzzes.) Its George.
I think I remember why we stopped coming here.
It's too stupid to confess. Look at what I'm confessing to.
Well, what ever you do, you're wearing me out.
My door?
Oh, she is, she absolutely is.
Well, I cleaned out their whole dental hygiene shelf.
Oh, Elaine and I are going out to dinner with Kramer and his new girlfriend.
Well, it's not here, it was here yesterday.
Maybe we should get you to a hospital.
Yeah, Uncle Mac, you mentioned it.
I like that thing in your hair there.
Had I been taking...?
Well, you've come a long way.
Yeah, you, me and George.
Yeah.
So you work all day as a doorman at one building. Then you come home and stand outside your own building?
Yeah, I know. It devalues the whole thing.
What was that?
(quietly) Hey, uh, Milos, I don't mind rolling over here, but could you lighten up on the 'not a man' stuff?
What do you mean?
Why would he steal a box of raisins?
Mmm-mmm-mmm. That means, if you still had those stock options...
How do you know she's not my wife?
So I guess I'll s--
Define rarely.
Great.
(neutral) No problem.
No, I want the picture back.
(Nodding) Okay, one-fifty.
I don't know why. There's a one-second clip of me in the opening credits of some Japanese comedy show.
So she breaks up with him. Somehow picks up the pieces of her life. Miraculously meets... A New Guy! Ya bust that up! An' then, just as they're reconciling, you announce to the world He's Boring.
What does that mean?
Bob. Oh, Bob.
Yeah, I know. There's no call for that kind of attitude.
I'm gonna go let Elaine in. (Kramer reaches out to stop him leaving)
So did you describe yourself to her over the phone?
He's eighty!
Ready to go Lois?
But that's you.
You know, the water pressures terrible in my building. And she loves a good shower.
(raising hand) Faked 'em all.
Look.
So have I.
You? How do you know?
Well you came in the other day with all that whale stuff, the squeaking and the squealing and
"I don't think I'm hungry"
Lemme see if I understand this... On second thought...
What about you?
I can't let you do that, what about Prognosis Negative?
Hi.
Yeah, well that relationships really got a lot of potential.
I don't wanna be a 32.
Hi!
She flipped out! Just left.
Yeah. Good seeing you again Karen.
(still in tuxedo, tie undone) Ah, I'll just take the fire escape to get in and out of the building.
Well, I like to remain friends with people I was friends with!
Joe Mayo doesn't like my taste in music. He's not gettin' a gift from me.
I had a statue!
Yeah. You don't want coffee or anything do you?
Well what do girls do ?
(to George) Was he out there?
What's goin' on?
Hey.
They should update these pieces, nobody rides horses anymore. Maybe they should change it to a tractor.
World's collide. (points at George)
Well, what about my car?
A cop car.
All right . . . . I once found a hair in my Farina and I freaked out.
The New Yorker?
Jean-Paul, I asked you down here this morning because I'm concerned. Concerned that tomorrow is perhaps the biggest race of your entire career. And the person with whom you have chosen to stay... is uh...
(shocked) What?
Well, if it's all time, then there's no contest. It begins and ends with Brezhnev.
Well, she framed it and everything.
I didn't--
Another shot, I want another shot.
Yeah, I think I do.
.. and uh, underwear and a tee shirt.
Oh, I see. So you can go, "Hey, you know who I saw wilding today? Herb!"
I don't care.
Is he okay?
No, no Kramer. I don't want you to do that. You can't do that.
no I gotta go downtown
Good luck, It's sold out for the next three weeks.
So you have no control over the remote?
You read during lunch?
I gave you a taste. What do you want?
Nah, I don't wanna
How come? I told you - It's fantastic.
Hello?
Like toothpaste?
What are you doing?
Aw, c'mon Kramer, this is ridiculous. I'm not gonna put these on.
You sure he didn't just mention it because you happened to be going downtown?
Good.
George??
Well, I'm upset, but we'll make the most of it.
Yeah, I know she's mad at me, but I really have to speak with her.
Well, you know if Paul thought it was some guy... hangin' up because he was having an affair with Noreen?
And then the worst part is, after the movie, he leached on to us ... We wound up having coffee with him for like two hours. Then he walks us home, all the way back to the front of the building. Finally I said, look Ramon, I gotta go to bed now.
No, but he's not looking good... (ELAINE TURNS TO TWO HUGE BODY BUILDERS IN WORKOUT WEAR)
Risk management?
Ah..ha!.. really. ( Jerry is barely listening to him )
What do you think this is a little scam I have? I take this tiny shirt all over the city conning dry cleaners out of money? In fact, forget the money. I dont even want the money. I just once, I would like to hear a dry cleaner admit that something was their fault. Thats what I want. I want an admission of guilt.
At me?
You are soo good lookin'.
Good morning.
Ohhhh...
A man like you, limiting yourself to one woman, I don't know. But it's none of my business.
Oh, man. Ohh! This is fantastic. How does he do it?
No, no thank you.
Right.
Seinfeld.
Elaine, would you marry me?
Which is with who?
Oven mitts?
"Greatest Show on Earth"!
Wow! So...?
Dating is really starting to get embarrassing isn't it?
Really?
Wait 'til I tell him about the book.
Hi Mary.
Hey.
I mean how can I be with someone that doesn't laugh. It's like ... well it's like something!
Do you realize how crazy he had to be to do something like this? He knew I was gonna know its missing, and he took it! And of all things to take! I left my watch, tape recorder, stereo. Hes crazy.
Uncle Leo! (releasing his grip) Alright! Take it!
You had sex with the cleaning woman on your desk? Who are you, how did you do that?
Right there.
(Continuing) ..Who, who proceeds to burn the man's cabin down with one of those very same cigars! (Topping off his observation) It's very comical..
That was brutal. I cant go back out there.
You see! You see what I'm saying to you? It's a presence! It's the beast!
Anyway, I just wanted you to know, that I'm going to do everything I can to make sure the party responsible is made to be responsible or something very close to that.
Someone's cooking.
... I think. Have some more wine. (Jerry pours his whole glass of wine into her glass.)
Well, she's a woman. They don't like to be disappointed.
Yeah, the guy with the flat head.
Everything with you comes down to toilet paper.
What?
I don't want you to call him.
"So what about the Penthouse. Did you ask him?"
No-one's gonna have a better gift than this big screen TV! Good for them, love the Drake!
Course we have a deal. They get out of the way of our cars, we look the other way on the statue defecation.
I'm laying down! Then we'll see how he does up there, without all the assistance.
I-I'll tell 'em
I know exactly whats gonna happen tonight. Im gonna try and act like Im not impressed, hes gonna see right through it.
How you gonna do that?
Well? What do you think?
(Fishing for his keys in a kitchen drawer) You know, when I first met you, Kramer, you used to wear jeans all the time.
Wow! Hey, theres Clare. I better go down.
Yum yum little tuna fishy?
You know, if your future was a little more certain..
Oh boy.
So I'm going through the airport and I have to put my bag on that little uh, uh, the uh, that uh, the conveyor belt.
Where's that ticket? Oh, Kramer.
Were you talking? I couldn't hear anything.
Wow! Coming out of the shower... It's a good thing they gave you that washcloth to cover yourself up... What is this an ad for?
(In pain) Oh, are you about done?
Hey! Just like you pretend to be.
These the people you currently live with?
Hi.
And you got the AIDS walk tomorrow. You're never gonna make it, you're in horrible shape.
I thought it was over there.
Oh, no reason. You're into karate right?
Whats brutal about the date is the scrutiny that you put each other through. Because whenever you think about this person in terms of the future, you have to magnify everything about them. You know, like the guyll be like, I dont think her eyebrows are even. Could I look at uneven eyebrows for the rest of my life? And of course the womans looking at the guy, thinking, What is he looking at? Do I want somebody looking at me like this for the rest of my life?
(doubtful) Yeah, you'll make it up to me.
Yeah, why don't you guys get a table so you'll have good seats?
I live in New York. (slams the cab door) What the hell happened?
Hey Kenny. (with some fake enthusiasm, just to be polite)
You know what, maybe Elaine wants to go too, lemme call her. (Picks up the phone.) She's at Mr. Pitt's, I think I got the number...
Well its not like it's a really funny story or anything.
Just lie down.
Yeah! I think I got flea bites.
We could argue all night over who took the napkins. The point is in today's modern world it just doesn't seem relevant.
What do you mean that's it?
Boy, some cast, huh? Pavarotti, Aver Martone.
How'd you do on the IQ test?!
Yeah. Highest paying job I ever had.
I just don't understand the raisinettes.
Come on. Go back to your apartment and fix it.
Ah hah. (Buzzer) Excuse me one second. Yeah?
Of course.
Alright, alright.
Oh, you see, that's terrible. The problem is, that curtain is no security-- there really should be a locking door.
Ah, no , I don't think so.
Ya, what's there to talk about.
Who couldn't.
Yeah, come on. (Kramer gives out a frustrated sigh) What's with you?
Anyway, I hope there's no hard feelings.
(Bravely) Well, what if I deliver it?
Weight? Naw. Just need some more height.
But the thing you don't realize is that there's good naked and bad naked. Naked hair brushing, good; naked crouching, bad. Hey, there's Hanke.
Can I take a sweater?
Is it something I said?
Of course he did ..The guy's working ya.
Alright. (Hangs up)
"I don't know but I was spitting out and rinsing like there was no tomorrow."
Just 'cause of that? It's like finding out Mickey Mantle corked his bat!
I don't know.
No, it was just a bet. I mean, it actually started with George and his mother-
Oh my god, it's Bania and Jenna.
(Stopping him) No, wait a minute, Newman! You can't let this dream die. You moving away is my dream too!
They won't do anything; in fact, you'll be giving them a story to tell for the rest of their lives.
I can't, I can't. I'd break his heart.
Is there a captain's hat involved in this?
Alright, want to start?
Heeyyy!...
Hey! I'm trying to prevent my friend from becoming one of those guys people snicker at behind their back, because they look ridiculous! No offence to you personally!
This thing has never worked right. (holding the machine in his hand)
Yeah, he's a mystery wrapped in a Twinkie.
They're not supposed to just take everything and throw it out!
(gesturing) This is Gary.
My whole night's ruined. I didn't do any sets, didn't do any movies...
Porn quotes... I'm so lucky to have a friend like you, George. Ever tell you how much I love you?
It can't be worse than this.
Alright. (Approaches host) Excuse me, this is your party, right?
Locking your keys in your car is the best career move you ever made.
The appeal of the posse? The posse has tremendous appeal. Get away from the job, camp out, you're with your friends... Come on, it's a week-long game of hide-and-seek on horseback.
I thought it was a pretty good idea. It's about coffee tables, it's on a coffee table.
Why?
Rhode Island.
No! Enjoy your lunch.
We've got to talk about this (to Elaine)
.... (silence)
But it's a big complex.
You know, I bought you a Cadillac. Twice.
Oh! my god. What the hell is this? ..... Don't tell me.......Velvet!!!
Ah, she kinda calmed down. I talked to her today. In fact I'm gonna see her tonight.
Yeah. Proctologist.
How much could you possibly have in there?
I know what you mean.
And what if we go up there? What are you going to say to her?
Buddy?
Oh, yeah.
Well they do work on tips.
Alright. Forget it.
Ah, Tim Whatley. Out scalping?
(going along with it) Oh No!
(removing his coat) So? Are you sure Wendy's coming?
I don't think so. Why would I do that?
Of course.
He wants me to set him up with this girl, Nina Stengal.
Hey.
Oh my God, the blood!
No, bread is his soul. He's trying to buy back a loaf of his soul.
No, they won't call the police.
We found out his super power was lack of money.
Come on up.
Yes , I got her number.
Right.
Yeah, Yeah. Well, now that we understand each other -- Ill be taking my business elsewhere. And I want my mother's fur coat back too.
Hey listen, if you're gonna go out with this lawyer, why don't you have dinner with us and then maybe you can go to the auto show with her if you want, you know, have a little company, take the pressure off.
Ok, let's towel it up.
(reading) 'I, Cosmo Kramer, having just seen the movie The Other Side Of Darkness, and not wanting to be in a coma like that lady in the movie, hereby want Jerry Seinfeld to remove my life support, feeding machine, lung-blower, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera.'
Thanks.
Bad? (Elaine nods.) Very bad?
What is that?
(nervous) What?
Yes Mr. Bevilacqua.
...When you pierce the skin of a piece of fruit, you've bought the whole fruit. Not a third of an apple, not a half of a banana...
Elaine, only one other person in the world knows what I am about to tell you and that's George. When we were in the ninth grade they had us all line up at one end of the school yard for this big race to see who was going to represent the school in this track meet.
Are you through?
I remember when you wouldn't date that girl who lived in Queens because you didn't want to go over the bridge!
That's what they get!
All right, here!
Yeah, he's real good. But he's so obsessive about the car. He makes me feel guilty about every little thing that's wrong with it. I gotta get it washed before I bring it down to him, or I'm afraid he'll yell at me.
To our future wives....yeah...
Yes. (kisses Nana) Yes of course.
Counter.
Hey Matthew.
How's the...sexual chemistry?
Is that a sectional?
(Over the top) Yes, I'm proud to say I did!
Newman. He's going with Newman.
How much did you wound up tipping her?
(arriving at apartment, sees Phil start to open his apartment door, only one door down from Kramer's) So you live right... there.
(thinking) Thank you, Pamela! (turns to talk to Vanessa; to Vanessa) So, youre a lawyer...
I'm gonna call the cops. That?s what I?m doing, I?m calling the cops.
Not everybody likes everybody!
Why did you force that mint on me? I told ya I didn't want the mint!
Hey. How would you like to go to the Super Bowl?
hey Kramer do me a favour .
That's, uh, Fusilli Jerry.
What guys?
You look like something's on your mind.
Pride?
I don't know? Consomm or something.
What colour is it?
You got my spot?
Here, check that out.
You got yourself a girlfriend.
(unenthusiastic) Uhh, I don't think so.
I'll loan you my puffy shirt.
George Costanza is your mentor?
Yes! Go in there! Do a little investigative journalism. I need to know!
Oh, hi Susan, George. You remember Sheila.
You met J. Peterman?
What?
New clothes?
No they're not, they used to be.
I've gained eight.
So, anybody leaves anything here, you can just take it? You have a license to steal? You are like the James Bond of laundry?
Yeah, I looked. I saw.
Okay.. Fifty-fourth and Sixth?
What happened?
Oh, what's the difference, you don't go out that much.
No. The sex was fabulous.
Hi.
Really? I'm surprised, he doesn't meet that many women.
Okay. (shuts mouth)
(sarcastically) Oh, yeah.
That orange dress is burned in my memory
Can you get vomit out of suede?
He wants to talk about "Jerry"!
I like the button fly.
That's your move?
What blah?
Oh, what about 'ladies night'? Women admitted free before 10?
Oh,, that's nice. Alright, I'll see you later.
So I move into the centre lane, now I get ahead of this women, who felt for some reason I guess, that she thought that I cut her off. So, she pulls up along side of me, gives me the finger. It seems like such an arbitrary, ridiculous thing to just pick a finger and you show it to the person. Its a finger, what does it mean? Someone shows me one of their fingers and Im supposed to feel bad. Is that the way its supposed to work? I mean, you could just give someone the toe, really, couldnt you? I would feel worse if I got the toe, than if I got the finger. Cause its not easy to give someone the toe, youve gotta get the shoe off, the sock off and drive, get it up and... (Jerry pretends to drive with one foot in the air, giving the toe.) Look at that toe, buddy. (He puts his foot down.) I mean, thats really insulting to get the toe, isnt it?
I know. I was just...
Yeah, thanks.
Kramer, I think perhaps you've overlooked one of the key aspects of this activity. It's ball *boys*, not ball men. There are no ball men.
So, break it.
Hey, woahoh Fulton. It's me.
Hey, if you enjoy being with him, that's what's important.
(not) Oh. Too Bad.
And Billy and Jake and Allison, yes we could have discussed it.
How highs it suppose to go?
God it's so hot in here. Why don't you put on the air conditioning?
All right, how about skipping breakfast. I'm guessing you're not a 'half-grapefruit and black coffee' guy.
(interrupting) Thanks, that's enough.
You talked to him?
Tim, you didn't have to get me a thank you gift. I know, it's a label maker. The Label Baby Junior. Yeah, I hear they're good. Well, label me thankful. Okay, well you enjoy those tickets. Buh-bye.
Being really clean and happy?
So I finally get to meet your pal Joey.
Eat something! Babu...
Will you put that thing out before you start another fire. You had to give him a box of cigars.
What's that?
What? I'm not looking. Nothing.
We're going to the circus. One of her old Olympic teammates is an acrobat. I don't even feel like going out.
Well I'll tell you this, you can forget about me going to that bachelor auction.
All right she cuts her pasta with a knife.
"Adults only?"
Boy, I've never seen you like this.
Good, good.
You know why I'm selling it. I hate it.
Better.
(with no emotion) It's okay. Everything is going to be all right.
Hey.
(Gesturing to a man) Look at that guy. (Elaine starts to look, but Jerry stops her) I'll bet you he's gettin' hair transplants. Any time you see a guy that age wearing a baseball cap, ten to one - plugs.
Well it's gone. Im sorry. Good-bye Bania.
I'll tell you what I'm gonna do, I'm selling that car!
You can't unclog it?
Oh, hi.
We dont understand death. And the proof of this is that we give dead people a pillow. And, uh, I mean, hey, you know. I think if you cant stretch out and get some solid rest at that point, I dont see how bedding accessories really make the difference. I mean, they got the guy in a suit with a pillow. Now, is he going to a meeting, or is he catching forty winks? I mean, lets make up our mind where we think theyre going.
I'm sorry.
yeah that should be real fun
Yeah, but now you're in here all the time. (Marla enters from other room)
What's the expiration date on that?
(through gritted teeth) Yeah, well, I'm glad you could take advantage.
What's all this about?
Yeah, in fact she said that you could be one of those people that sits in the back and answers the phone.
Does what?
Now you know. That, and that alone, is the reason.
Hey, Kramer...?
I don't know. I just feel he should call me.
I always thought there was something funny about this letter! She copied it right out of Chapter 2! She a thief, a bunko-artist!
Look, what do you want me to do?
See now, to me, that button is in the worst possible spot.
I should have helped Kramer with those packages.
U-oh come on up. (buzzes them up) It's Elaine you don't have a problem with her do you?
You got a raise?
Hey, what's the deal? What was goin' on there? I invite you down here, I have an important show, and she heckles me?!
Elaine...
(smiling) I don't think so.
Nothin'.
No kidding. Did you tell him that was the reason?
Alright, so maybe she wasn't flirting with me. So what?
But, I never...
Like you didn't call me a phony?
oh with huh.. pretty boy.. Tony
Oh my God! The break-out/pop-in!
Be careful Kramer.
What?
What?
Yeah. Okay then.
I don't wanna mix in everything! My guys don't know your guys. You can't just lock 'em all in the same machine together. They'll start a riot.
Okay. Hi, Poppie.
See, the way I figure it, it's much easier to patch things up with Sheila than with the Soup Nazi.
Something wrong with your chest?
So basically, it's every man, woman, child, and invalid for themselves.
OK, wait a second, wait a second, what happened to my papers?
You know last time you had me throwin' a rye bread up three floors to you, now you want me to go up to the Bronx, take flyers off your car, where does it end?!?
So, we go into NBC, we tell them we've got an idea for a show about nothing.
What made him get that thing?
Extend the doors on the toilet stalls at Yankee Stadium to the floor ...door comes down. Hides your feet. Yes. I like it. I like it a lot.
Does it matter?
Well, the games starting just about now.
More Pledge! I just bought two cans last week and I don't even have any wood in the house!
It's Kramer isn't it? I knew it!  The greasy door knob the constant licking of the fingers, he's hooked to the chicken isn't he?
Uh-huh.
He puts 'em on a dental chair.
Yeah.
Are you crazy? Don't you understand what I'm saying to you? This is not just an odour-- you need a *priest* to get rid of this thing!
Balk?! How was that a balk?! You have any snacks?
All right. All right.
Impossible, right?
Wood is good.
What's with you?
Where are you going, you just got here?
I swear, I have absolutely no idea what women are thinking. I dont get it, okay? I, I, I admit, I, Im not getting the signals. I am not getting it! Women, theyre so subtle, their little...everything they do is subtle. Men are not subtle, we are obvious. Women know what men want, men know what men want, what do we want? We want women, thats it! Its the only thing we know for sure, it really is. We want women. How do we get them? Oh, we dont know bout that, we dont know. The next step after that we have no idea. This is why you see men honking car-horns, yelling from construction sites. These are the best ideas weve had so far. The car-horn honk, is that a beauty? Have you seen men doing this? What is this? The man is in the car, the woman walks by the front of the car, he honks. E-eeehh, eehhh, eehhh! This man is out of ideas. How does it...? E-e-e-eeeehhhh! I dont think she likes me. The amazing thing is, that we still get women, dont we? Men, I mean, men are with women. You see men with women. How are men getting women, many people wonder. Let me tell you a little bit about our organization. Wherever women are, we have a man working on the situation right now. Now, he may not be our best man, okay, we have a lot of areas to cover, but someone from our staff is on the scene. Thats why, I think, men get frustrated, when we see women reading articles, like Where to meet men? Were here, we are everywhere. Were honking our horns to serve you better.
Didn't you tell 'em I got the bill of sale? That proves I paid for it.
What?
Can you believe I did that?
He wants to install Kramer in a puppet regime and then wield power from behind the scenes. Preferably from the sauna in the clubhouse.
Its tremendous.
(ranting) I can't believe how a little thing like George going too fast - and my whole weekend is gone - the plans, the packing, ... everything.
Maybe it'll be fun having a pet.
(to Kramer and Morty) What is this about?
I bought it for you. It's yours.
Excuse me. Can I get something to drink?
Oh my god! Look what's goin' on here! She is depraved! (Grabs a towel and brings it to Lena.) There you are.
Ah, she keeps it in my apartment for when she comes up from Florida.
I know it.
(turns to greet Kramer) Hey.
They eat fish.
Some new kind of pie.
You need an exterminator?
Fleckman?
(Peeved) I don't have any material!
Notice what? She's not really even a maid.
I'll wait.
Why not?
Ok
Oh, she didn't mind?
Everyday is my birthday. (Sarcastically joking off what George said)
Well it was my idea.
Uh, sorry, Excuse me one second. Hello.
(confused) The black and white.
Ya i could try and do that.
(consenting) Alright.
Kramer, do you realize what's going on here? Do you know why you're here?
Elaine?
That's true.
Oh, no, no, no, wait a second, wait a second th-th-that--
thanks
Not this movie.
(as Newman leaves) Newman!
I've been thinking about what it means to be complete.
Yeah, Koko.
Oh, all the way.
See ya.
Sure, that would be great.
What for?
She reads lips.
Are you kidding? You know my friend Elaine?
(pause) I don't know, they just tell you the night before.
(on the phone) Hello? Yes. Uh-huh. Ya. Oh, really? Okay, thank you very much. Bye-bye. (hangs up the phone) Well, the yogurt verdict is in. (Kramer looks at Jerry with his arms out) Fat!
You're moving to New York? That's fantastic. I can see you all the time now.
Well, at least have some reaction to it.
Okay, pudgy, lets stop playing games. What happened with margaret?
So what happened after the movie?
Have a good time.
Oh, he's a dentist. You don't want to go out with a dentist.
Hi!
New deal?
Hello. Didn't I see you at the pro shop yesterday?
I might need you to get me a soda.
(into the phone, with a disguised voice) So, what's going on?
That was something.
Elaine, have you ever flown first class?
Sure.
(interrupting) Can I talk to you for a second?
So it's a nice place to work?
No, but I've seen people on tiptoes.
I cant believe youre here.
(pulling on a jacket) They had a cancellation and they instantly called me.
What was that pop sound?
I couldnt tell her the truth. I don't know what's going to happen between us. What if we have a bad breakup. She'll go straight to Duncan. And I want him to go to his grave never being certain I got that
Yeah.
No, we have time.
I bought a bottle of BBQ sauce in Memphis. I think the stewardess broke it when she tried to jam it into the overhead compartment because of this
Because this is very good. (Points back and forth between them to indicate friendship)
Got what?
What?
Tim, do you think you should be making jokes like that?
Why do I feel like I'm doing something wrong?
All right, I'll see you later.
I know! What are you doin' here?!?
The only way out of this is if Leo breaks up with his girlfriend and has to move back into the apartment and then they would have to go back to Florida.
Oh, did you get that outta my bag?
Good thing the cleaning lady was there.
(To George) Hey, any luck? Did you catch 'em?
Alright, Ma, I'll talk to you later.. Nothing, I'm, I'm watching, uh, Tiny Toons here, on Nickelodeon.. It's, I-I like kid shows. They have a very innocent, wholesome quality. Okay, alright, I'll talk to you later. Bye. (Hangs up)
Yeah, but you said this is one of the things that her firm does.
So what happened with Kramer's mother?
Hey the woman got you a job. The least you could do is buy her a gift. How about this?
And your crab legs, and a thing of cheese. The Triple-A guy said I was this close to sucking a muffin down the carburetor. What were you thinking?
That's my ticket!
Ok, see you later.
Look at my hands. Look. Filthy from the paper. You know, they should give you a Wet-nap when you buy one, like at those rib joints.
Uh, nuthin'. Then he took me home.
Oh, Kramer, I -
You know what? I think I'll just have the salad.
(Sarcastic) Now, that's the first sensible idea I've heard all day.
This could only happen to you.
(doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o.
(Nodding) Yeah, the other guy.
Two hours later he checks into Smither's clinic. I talked to the doctor yesterday. He's doing great on the rehab. He's hooked on Pez. He's eating them like there's no tomorrow.
Really? What happened?
Hang on.
Yeah, I know how you feel.
(answering the phone) Hello? Yeah, the van is still for sale. Sure, come on buy.
But that's a one-way street coming this way. Besides, how am I gonna get all the way over there?
It's coming! It's a Commando 8! 12.000 BTU's! It's gonna be like a meat locker in here.
What?
Why don't you just get rid of it?
Hose under my sink. I love *you*, Kramer!
It's gotta have something to do with Kramer
Ages zero through ten, candy is your life. There's nothing else. Family, friends, school-- they're only obstacles in the way of getting more candy. And you have your favorite candies that you love. You know the ones I love those... I hate those...''. ``I hate those... I love those...''. And only a seven year old kid could actually taste the difference between like a red M&M and a light brown, M&M. That's two totally different things when you're seven years old. "Well, your red is more of a main course M&M, but the brown it's more of a mellower flavor; it's an after dinner M&M, really''.
I was a little nervous, I got distracted. It has something to do with a car, or a fish...
You know I went out once with a nude model. Never let me see her naked. Hundreds of people see her naked every week, except me. Needless to say it was quite vexing.
'Pottery Barn'?
Me, why?
This woman's completely ignoring me.
Yeah, under the counter. What happened?
(shock) What?!
Oh, would you stop with the Ted Danson?
So where are they already, it's a quarter to twelve, they should be back by now, what did they do?
She wouldn't take her coat off at my house, either.
Yeah.
I don't know about defraying.
A bowl, ok?
Well I guess I'm stuck with the Velvet Fog.
Okay.
Still no luck
Well, that's your ceiling.
Yeah.
just press it
Listen, Tiny. I wanna know where Kramer is and wanna know now!
All right, so uh, let's do something later. How 'bout a movie?
There's a g-spot.
I didn't have a deal! They're two hundred dollars a pop. What do I do?
What are you doing?
Gimme that - just gimme that. Here. Idiots!
I think they want to make it up to us cause they let this thing sit on their shelf for five years.
But see look at the collar, it's fraying. Golden Boy is slowly dying. Each wash brings him one step closer, that's what makes the T-shirt such a tragic figure.
(to drive him crazy) Who is this..
Eh, show biz...
Gimme that rye!)
Hey, there's the soda guy.
Who goes *anywhere* with Newman?!
Uh-huh.
Hey Elaine.
Doesn't the fat fetish conflict with the minimalism.
Since my grandfather died. I was suppose to send it down to my parents in Florida, but they didnt want it. They told me to get rid of it, but I felt funny and then I sort of forgot about it. And its been sitting down there for three years until he saw it. (to Kramer) All right, so, just take what you want and lets get it out of here.
I still don't understand how you can get in trouble for taking your own racquet.
Is this the proper venue?
I'm thinkin' of lettin' my sideburns grow in a little...
Alright. Seems like...a strange choice.
(whips off bag to reveal Indian) Ta-da!
Beautiful!
I think Ed Begley Jr. has one.
Why do I seek your counsel?
...It just makes me a little uncomfortable and I can't do it. I'm sorry.
She knows! Oh, I am such a jackass.
It looked just like the jacket I brought in to be dry-cleaned. He complimented me on it.
Yeah, I know.
Boy, I know she really wants to see that with me.
Actually, I'm having dinner with a girl I met at your party.
All right.
How did they find Babu?
Elaine...
"No ,Elaine and I we're just discussing whether I could admit a man is attractive."
You're still doing that?
So Sherry, what do you remember about that day at the library?
Don't you see? You're just avoiding the middle man. You were gonna give her her spare keys, so she was gonna give 'em to me. So, all that's happening is that instead of giving them to her, you're giving them to me. It's just unfortunate that when she gave you yours, you didn't give her hers. 'Cause then she would have given 'em to me, because she has mine. So then I would have never had to ask you for hers, so that I could get mine.
Do medical schools actually do this?
What a family!
(reaching into his pocket) Alright, I'll give you nine thousand for it.
You know this is not the first time this has happened to me. I always carry water because of my condition. It dehydrates me. It's a vicious cycle.
Another one?
It doesn't?
I was kind of um (pauses) making out.
Ill call Kramer. He can check my house.
Yea yea ya I shoulda kept it.
Look at this place. He's going everywhere, I can't go out of the house at night. I haven't performed in three days. This'll be my first night out of the house since I got back.
Parsippany, New Jersey.
Whats the difference? Look at it! Do you see the size of this shirt?!
I can't, the Drake put me in the wedding party.
Oh, go ahead.
You just asked me two minutes ago.
Kramer, what are you doing here!?
Kramer, what the hell is going on in there?
Why dont they open up an entire store for the back? Call it, Just Back. All back; No front. You walk in the front, youre immediately in the back. (Jerry picks up a tie display, and shakes it rhythmically from left to right.) Look, Elaine, tie carwash.
These pretzels are making me thirsty.
Where was the bathroom in this mall? There are six-hundred stores, I didn't see one bathroom. What is this, like a joke? They finished building the mall and they go, "Oh my god, we forgot the bathrooms."
It means "Death to tyrants".
Federal Express?! Is she out of her mind? Why didn't she just ship it?!
Aw, we can't do it, who are we kidding? It's impossible! It's true! You can't do the Switch! Nobody can do the Switch! It was a stupid idea to begin with! Let's face it. I'm stuck with the non-laugher and that's that!
selling sexual pleasure over the phone?
Uh huh, okay, alright, bye. Huh, how do you like that? I'm gonna do some TV spots for Leapin' Larry's Appliance Store. That was Leapin' Larry himself, I'm gonna meet with him tomorrow.
Well, that's the most he's worked in the last four months.
Today, right now! Are you in?
Look it's not like you're gonna be spending a lot of time with her.
Well, you better laugh 'cause I'm being reviewed. Leonard Christian's gonna be there.
Hey, how's business?
No.
huh huh
Naturally.
(moans) Ohhh (walks away)
..What about the Van Wyck?
I don't know, "Hi".
Oh yeah. This can't miss.
All right (picks up his sports bag)
(leaning round Kramer) Where?
That's nice.
(noncommittal) Errh.
Oh, so important. So what are you doing uh Thursday night? You wanna have dinner?
It's like this all the time.
Yeah, I'm soured.
Dad!
(aside, to George) Now that was an interesting greeting, did you notice that, George?
Youre an architect?
You know, instead, Im like a detective. I gotta pick up clues, the whole thing is a murder investigation.
Hang on a second. (handing Morty the phone) Dad it's Klompus.
But you took a nap in it.
She didn't even want a napkin.
That is so cool, can you put me on the speaker?
Look! I don't want 'em!
They're nuts with temperature.
No I don't want ?em.
No, no. I'll take the subway.
Hey, one second, you don't get off that easy. C'mon, tell me what you thought.
Hi, I'm Jerry Seinfeld, the agency sent me.
Kramer there is no way you're giving this tape to Brody and telling him I shot it.
...the food court is closed.
Elaine.
Well I do.
Well, I got that root canal tomorrow morning. It'll be easier if I go home.
Well, we barely knew the guy.
Yeah!
Kirk Douglas. Now there's another very bad driver. But he's such an unbelievable guy, that when he hits someone, he doesn't even leave a note. He sits in his car and waits for the other person to show up so he can exchange license, registration, and apologize.
Why were you making gravel?
(catching keys) ...back, please?
I'll be here.
That wake-up guy was trouble! All right, I'll be right back. (goes knocking on Kramer's)
No, cab's comin' in right here (Hand at waist) Set of plastic hips, prosthetic legs, and a monkey to answer the door, I'm back in business.
(Tapping the door you lift to retrieve your candy on the machine) I think the candy comes out over there.
Westchester? Isn't that a private club?
What's that?
Oh, maybe he's got no hot water.
We gotta confess.
What was that?
Well, you know, frankly, outside of a sexual relationship, I don't see the point to it. I'm not thrilled with all the handshaking either, but one step at a time.
And so, uh I felt very uncomfortable with him and you know I just blurted out something about your party.
Yeah.
(to George) Did you call me a wuss?
Kramer, what the hell did you do?
Maybe I could, you're making some pretty good points.
Kramer, let's do this later.
(Jerry gets up and walk to these persons) Uh... Excuse me. I couldn't help but notice you offered her a piece of your pie.
George Peppard has been dead for years.
You're going by sound? What are we? Whales?
Now I know what I've been looking for all these years......myself! (Kramer is speechless) I've been waiting for me to come along and now I 've swept myself off my feet.
You're not a little anything, Newman. So just pack it up and move it out of here.
I can't believe she threw that out. I had like the perfect wording of a whole joke I was gonna do about the X-ray counter at the airport, I was gonna do it on the Tonight Show, now I can't remember it.
I am not an anti-dentite!
Definitely?
First we ride the cyclone.
You mean it was open? We desecrated a pet cemetery for nothing?
I know, George is pretty pleased about it. It's like she signed a letter of intent.
What?! How?
It's a monkey, Kramer!
Well, all I got is my dry-cleaning stub.
Newer magazines.
What causes homophobia? What is it, that makes a heterosexual man, worry? I think it's because, men know, that deep down we have weak sales resistance. We're constantly buying shoes that hurt us, pants that don't fit right. Men think, "Obviously I can be talked into anything. What if I accidentally wander into some sort of homosexual store, thinking it's a shoe store, and the salesman goes, 'Just hold this guy's hand, walk around the store a little bit, see how you feel. No obligation, no pressure, just try it. Would you like to see him in a sandal?'"
Nice to meet ya!
Ahh, too bad you got a little, George Costanza thing going on.
We're pretty sure.
Ive got the softball game on Wednesday. Its the championship.
So, what did you do?
(Over the phone) Elaine, youve got to get back down to the dealer. Puddy is screwin me on this car, which is yellow now!
Where's he dropping us? Maybe we can get him to drop us right at my house?
I-
To the door?
He gave you the nice face discount.
I dunno , I'm gonna ask Shelley ,but she still might be upset from the masticated pecan incident.
No. I think it's Demi. (the "i" sounds like an "e")
(animated) You know what Milos, I don't even care about the money. I just feel like I was taken by the worst tennis player I...
So she sees you with hot fudge on your face and she ends it? You really think she would be that superficial?
Good. How was the roulette?
That's a date.
Jim Fowler? The animal guy from "Wild Kingdom" is coming to your apartment?
Yeah, that stuff's all natural anyway.
Well, this is it. Im selling.
How much?
No.
Make way! I've got-I've got a runner here! Get outta the way! Make way! Make way! Make way, it's a contender! (an event guard stops them)
...I was just telling Mary how I'm not gonna be doing the kiss hello thing anymore. (continues backing away) I'm sorry. I just can't do it. It's nothing personal, it's just I'm not really able to do it and uh, I'm sorry.
You can barely see her face.
Ohh, will not cause drowsiness"
Hey.
What happened?
But you can't act.
No. I'm gonna be just fine, but as far as your situation, you're seeing him tonight so talk to him about it.
Ah, Im not wearing a watch.
Kind of a Yankee prom?
Ah, no, forget it.
Oh God.
What do you do?
World War I plane?
(buzzes Elaine up) Come on up.
They're behind my skis and my tennis racket.
Well I started screaming, "There's a hair in my farina. There's a hair in my farina." Then I ran out of the house and I was running and running. And like I was little but I could run very fast. And I-I just kept running (In the background -- CLERKS VOICE 57) and they found me like three hours later collapsed at a construction site.
Darryl. He's black, isn't he?
It would be nice to care about someone.
No, it&Mac226;s, it's supposed to be really bad, *really* bad. I mean it's long, there's no story, it's so unbelievably boring, I heard. i...
(to Kramer) ...( words missing)...laugh , everything's nice and at the end of the night I go for a little contact. I get the PULL BACK. This woman said the filthiest things I've ever heard in my life. I get the Pull Back.
And . .
It was just an innocent comment! I didnt know she had a pony!
Hi.
Kramer?!
So, is tonight "the night"?
But ultimately, you're gonna choose in favor of sex, right?
Hello?
Or I could sleep in the park? You could knock these walls down, make it an eight room luxury suite.
What about?
(buzzes her up) Eh. (to Kramer) You know and I'll tell ya, I'm really enjoying this marriage thing. You think about each other. You care about each other. It's wonderful! Plus, I love saying "my wife." Once I started saying it, I couldn't stop - "my wife" this, "my wife" that...it's an amazing way to begin a sentence.
I gotta get out of this cab...
Clare won her lawsuit against Play Now. Gee, Play Now is filing for bankruptcy. I guess youre not going in anymore.
You know what? I think I'm gonna do that! She came down to where I work, I'll go down to where she works!
(trying to ease the tension) Look, I don't want any trouble. I don't have a doorman in my building. I guess I'm just not used to talking to them. I'd really just like to be friends.
One more lane to go.
She works for PBS, I met her when I agreed to do that pledge drive.
Uh...I got married.
I don't know. It's too early for a Christmas party isn't it?
Yeah.
So you thought as long as they're mailing postcards, it wouldn't be too much to ask my parents to drag a child who they've never seen, through the streets of Paris?
Well come on. That's $182 right there. I don't think that's anything to sneeze at.
Bridget!
Dublin. Originally. Parents came over here when I was eighteen. Cereal famine. Couldn't get a bowl anywhere. Bad. 'Tis a beautiful country though; lush rolling hills, and the peat, ah the peat.
What community? There's a community?
All right, forget it, forget it. Im not taking the place!
I don't know.
Right. For the reducing of the pond scum?
I wouldn't worry about it. B-6?
Any Hennigans around here?
trust me.. nah it's good
I'm going
Gwen! How'd you know I was here?
Nah. You two go.
No, I'm sorry, if Joe DiMaggio wants a donut, he goes to a fancy restaurant or a hotel. He's not sitting in Dinky Donuts.
What? Today? Really?
He said that?
Hello, Lena? Hi, it's Jerry Seinfeld. How did I get your number? I met a guy that knows you, he gave it to me...I don't remember his name. Think it began with a W, maybe a Q. I wasn't paying that much attention, I'd just come from shopping for a speedboat...
No...
What, you know what, the keys. I want the keys. You've lost your key privileges.
Oh, no way it's that big.
Oh, small world. So little people can have not little people children?
What is goin' on in there?
Should I shake his hand?
(thinking) Uh-oh... What do we have here?
I tried to give 'em back, he wouldn't take 'em. (Jerry and George go out into the hallway to Kramer's apartment.)
Is that what she said? (Kramer pokes his head back in the door.)
Ah, the sweet stench of failure.
Beautiful.
"Oh! where's Jennifer today?"
Hey, how's life on the road?
"I don't like him."
What's the matter?
She got anything in your medicine cabinet?
That's right, lady!
Im just gonna get my jacket, Ill meet you downstairs. Whats the matter, did you call?
I hope so.
Isn't that against the law?
No, no, no ugly side.
Oh, I was just looking for er, some... gum or... mint.
I prefer clockwise, but it's not written in stone.
Yup.
Oh my god. Yes, you close with the swirl. There's a progression there. I told you to write it down.
I have never seen an old person in a new bathing suit in my life. I don't know where they get their bathing suits, but my father has bathing suits from other centuries. My parents live in Florida, and if you go down there and you forget your bathing suits then they want you to wear one of theirs. You know how that gets? "You need trunks son? I've got trunks for you. You can wear my trunks." Fathers don't wear bathing suits, they wear trunks. It's kind of the same thing a tree would wear if it went swimming. So I get in the water with in thing and it's like floating around me somewhere. Did you ever put on a bathing suit that you don't even know exactly where you are inside the bathing suit? You bump into somebody you know "No I'm parasailing, I'm waiting for the boat to come back."
You shrunk it! You know you shrunk it! Just tell me that you shrunk it!
You can't go to China What about your job?
Even if the dialogue did ring true. (Donna starts to get annoyed that Jerry won't let the conversation go) Even if somehow somewhere men actually talk like that, what does that have to do with the pants? Doesnt that bother you?
Yeah...
You're a shmoopy!
An Army Pete.
I don't know. Where have you been?
What, you got a cold?
What, what, what's wrong with you?
Come in.
Perpetuation of the species.
She was looking for someone to go to the show with.
What do you think? It's like a poker game?
Yeah.
(Waits for the rest of the sentence) ..Yeah?
Inside the van?
Well maybe they were here from before.
I told you when I met her.
She's a Nazi, George. A Nazi!
You can't go?
I think I'm in love.
I don't want it..
What is this?
Yep.
What?
Solid.
Come on, Go in, go in! [watching Dream Cafe with binoculars again]
What's with the fake sneezing?
You want to spend the rest of your life with her
Why?
Show this card at any participating Orlando-area Exxon station...to get your free 'Save the Tiger' poster.
Oh, you know, working around, same stuff, doing... whatever.
On the wagon. Don't you think they broke into a couple of those bottles along the way?
Veggie sandwich and a grapefruit.
That's a hell of a plan. (To Kramer) Listen -
Oh. (notices a car being jacked up by a tow truck) Hey, isn't this Kramer's car? (yelling up) Hey, Cosmo!! They're towing your car!!
Wait a second. .Just give me a second
That's right, the Bubble Boy.
For the apartment.
And?
How can he not know that?
No, I met someone at this party, and I know where she works, but I dont know her name.
Uncle Leo! What are you doing here?
All right, all right.
Hi.
(to George) You know these squeegee-- Oh my God! It's crazy Joe Devola.
Seth, you're the manager, can't you turn off that sign?
Yeah.
Hello.
Kramer!
An overdose of odor? Good question.
It's good to have you back.
Well, it was nice meeting you. I'm sure I'll see you--
No. Jacket and tie no cape.
Fulton's wife told me it's all my fault. She said since my visit he's taken a turn for the worse.
(Pleading) I'm really sorry.
So why don't you get a locksmith?
Still no Puddy?
I mean, so what if I'm funny? Who cares?
You know I hate to raise a crass financial concern but was there any information as to the where abouts of my PAPERS!
I dont know.
Great - I won.
What happened to all the towels?
Sure, just tell Maura you're having an affair.
Forget that. He's a ball player. MVP< 1979. I'm making wise cracks in some night club. This guy was in game six. They're a perfect match. They like go together. They're like one of these brother and sister couples that look alike.
Oh, hi Hilde. Can I get an egg white omelet?
That is so old. Why don't you show up at her door in a wood horse?
There really was shmootz on I didn't try to grab her
Okay, fine, fine. When are you going down there?
Ah.
I thought it sounded kind of cool.
You're not feeding him, are you?
This is the most amazing story I've ever heard--why did he want you to take off the baseball cap? That is so insane!
Yeah, thats good. Hed clunk our heads together like Moe.
What?
Shouldn't a doctor do it?
Yeah.
I was trying to be.
What is so funny?
Oh there's nothing to see.
Hello? Who's this?
Wow! that's incredible......But you don't draw.
How long do they usually last?
Who'd you use? Gino?
Right. Go right!/South!
Damn that George, I told him I don't want this stuff around here anymore...
Nice looking fellow.
Kramer's Andre, he's fooling around with these 976 numbers (Kramer walks out of the bedroom) hey I told you, I don't want you doing that on my phone
Oh, like you know what you're talking about!
Sleeping in the caragain?
No good?
Yeah, twenty-five percent bran flakes. The forty percent was too much so I found a store to mix it up special for me, they take it down another fifteen percent.
Nice looking Lugar.
I don't know, but you look like you're happy.
(taps on the window) Hey...
Hey.
You said goin up the steps of her apartment was like being taken to a cell.
Yeah...
I know, but...
Are you gonna say it again?
Well, I didn't really get a good 'hello', but see, I was at a funeral.
What?
What happened you didn't give her the papers?
Bless you.
So you're so grateful to have sex, that you'll just shout out anything that comes into your head.
Oh, good, men love that!
You mean, you didn't know you were doing any of these things?
Well, this'll be a very interesting experiment to see if Kramer says something. You sure you wanna go through with this?
Go ahead.
What are <you> doing here?
(shouting) Kramer what am I going to do did you hear that that guy's gonna put a kibosh on me he's crazy he's out of his mind....
Okay. Now, I know this is an important decision. Why dont we all just sit down and talk about it? Come on, come on. (All three sit down) Now, look, you both find each other attractive, right?
Today's not my birthday.
George is already in there.
What press?
No.
Yeah, come on up. ... It's not him.
No he's going downtown to guard the suit.
Oh, what do you know, you have no breast touching experience.
Well, senator, Id just like to know, what you knew and when you knew it.
What are you doing?
No, no, 12-8!
Use it in a sentence.
Oh, there you are!
Signed over a hundred checks this morning.
(to Kramer) Could you stop that smacking?
..And then she starts talking about her panties.
I have to open a bottle of ketchup for her.
I know the list...
So you prefer dumb and lazy to religious?
C'mon, put the top up, it's November!
George, who is that woman in the stripes?
I like it.
That whole thing, the whole production, it was all an act?
I thought we were going to the movies?
A stupid what?
Where do you think this relationship is? If you are thinking of instituting an open-door urination policy, let me disabuse you of that notion right now, my friend.
Hey, where have you been?
Look...look at this can of tuna!
Look, I gotta try and help the guy.
What happened to the car?
I think Ive seen enough.
(nonplused) You're flying to Akron, just to zing a guy?
(as Ping rambles on ) ...S'cuse me (Ping looks up) Kind of an expensive call.
Nope, the cop says its my word against his. Theres nothing they can do.
Hi.
It pains me to say this, but I may be getting to mature for details.
Your whole building smells like potatoes.
That's the way they do it in Vegas.
What?
(giving in) Alright.
You really seemed to enjoy it.
(shaking his head no) No Kramer I don't want to talk to him.
George, does your father speak Korean?
On your heart?
I said, never mind.
"Atomic Sub"? Why are you eating there?
(moving over to block the door) Where are you going?
It's a hundred thousand revolutions a second. It's the most powerful one they make.
You know, if you want to make a person feel better after they sneeze, you shouldn't say 'God bless you', you should say, 'You're soo good lookin''.
No, he didn't show up.
Ah, Mary, we've been eating a lot of your husband's uh yogurt at the yogurt place - does that have any fat in it?
I can't believe we went all the way to India for a wedding!
Stop your crying will ya?
Elaine, it's all this guy can do to keep from killing himself. You think he's back there, talking to the chef, going, "Hey, they like the soup! Keep it up!"?
Do you have it with you?
Mulva.
Cindy.
So you're saying, Store -- Hotsy-Totsy, Home-- Hotsy-Notsy.
I've been thinking about her, I just cashed some of her checks.
So Letterman didn't spark to your idea, huh?
(Laughs) I mean, the whole thing is ironic. Think of it Here the guy is nice enough to give you a box of very fine Cuban cigars..
I didn't know you had a motorctcle.
(turning to Kramer) That's nice for the freaks.
Colin?
Should I?
I dont believe this.
Elaine, I need you to do me a big favor. I need you to go down to the Diplomat's Club and meet Bridget for me. I'm going to be late.
I got a 31 waist, mister!
I don't even know where the bubble boy lives. I - I don't even remember the name of the town.
(agonised) Uugh! Ahh.
How're things going?
Birds?
This is weird wild stuff. George hasn't even seen her yet.
You ready?
The chip-in!
I don't either.
No, I think I saw him on land a couple times. So how's the job situation goin'?
You look like you could use a...
Well, take it easy.
(Reading from his notebook) I got You enter, you go "Hi", and I go, "Hello." Now.. we need something here..
Hunger will make people do amazing things. I mean, the proof of that is cannibalism. Cannibalism, what do they say, I mean, they're eating and, you know, "This is good, who is this? I like this person". You know, I mean, I would think the hardest thing about being a cannibal is trying to get some very deep sleep, you know what I mean? I would think, you'd be like, (pretending to wake up) "Who is that? Who's there? Who's there? Is somebody there? What do you want? What do you want? You look hungry, are you hungry? Get out of here!"
(barring the way) I'm sorry. I-I don't know you.
Unlce Leo, what are you doing here?
I mean the car *stinks*! George, does the car stink?
Well good night.
To a children's charity!
Oh yeah, I know.
What happened with all the shirts?
So the door was wide open?
Sounded good.
What's the matter?
Ah, Le'me see. (hands Jerry the playbill)
"Sometimes I tuck'em sometimes I don't"
Huh. Well, it all sounds pretty good. There's only one flaw in it They're roommates. She'd have to go out with me behind Sandy's back. She's not gonna do that.
Noit your type?
(pointing to napkins; to Elaine) Could I get napkin over there?
Oh, you're welcome. You know I think I ate too much of that garlic.
Get together?
Wait a second, he just did me a big favor.
You're never gonna make it!
(Confused) Where's the punchline?
Figure it out. She's one of the executives at NBC that's gonna make the decision whether or not they pick up the show. She's one of our biggest fans. You drop her off, you think they're gonna pick us up?
Come on.
You think so?
You want to get something to eat first?
They'll give us water in there.
(Explaining) George has become a hand model.
Oh, Mrs Hamilton, this is a very bad time. I've got Valerie on the other line. Just a second.
Maybe you're a little jealous.
Pretty nice.
No they're not mine Mr. Mandelbaum...
Are you sure you can't stay longer?
Lemme call Elaine and Kramer.
What happened to you, pal?
"Aw right."
He invested in it.
Hey
Oh, here she comes.
Oh, yeah, that. Well...
Well I think that's pretty obvious.
Let me get a clean pair. (Goes into his room. George strides over to the window.)
Comedian.
Live?
Vommiting is not a deal breaker. If Hitler had vommited on Chamberlin, Chamberlind still would have given him Chekoslovakia.
How do you pull that off?
Yeah, well, I'll tell ya, I'd rather talk to a goiter with a nice disposition than the nut they sent me to.
Well, this is all very sophisticated.
Few do.
Thanks, Julio.
You didnt see him. It was horrible.
Why not?
Can I take a guess?
Kramer.
(Puts his napkin over his mouth) I don't know George. I'm not sure about this.
I can't believe your a friend of mine.
Is that so?
'Dear Barry. Consider this letter to be official termination of our relationship effective immediately.'
Hey, where's Marcy?
Hello?
Hey, Elaine. Did you get my message?
Well, this is the problem. They're moving into this new development. Here's the pamphlet. Del Boca Vista. But they're not quite ready to go back so they're in seclusion here for a while at Uncle Leo's.
I don't know. Blind date?
Let's go.
"Salami salami bologna"?
I know.
(long pause -- did he hear "ridicurous" -- should he say something -- can't decide if he should. Finally...) Did you say, "ridicurous"?
Oh well, he was just showcasing his nondate pesonality.
well aside from that from that, how did he like the sandwiches?
Really.
No, I don't have--
At this point, it is inevitable that she will seek out the roommate to apprise her of this abhorrent turn of events.
How would we do it?
Yep, Alec Berg. He's got a good 'John Houseman' name. Alec Beeerg. Mr. Beeerg.
It's the Puerto Rican Day parade!
Maybe it's in the lost and found.
I can't go if you're mad.
No.
Well... (picks up some of the pages) From what I saw...
Don't say that.
You sure you want to do this? I'm going to be on the road for three weeks!
Well you said they could come and take the records.
What're you gonna do?
Really? Wow.
You know it and I ditched all my junk food.
You're just out for money!!
I dont wanna win it like this! Elaine, what do you think?
Well, for the first quarter mile they thought that I was just doggin' it.
What for?
I guess you can take anything, but actual work.
We're doing fine. How are you?
You never really had the right comeback, anyway.
I don't know what this is.
Oh, I forgot to call Kramer.
Sure, fine with me.
No, come on!
No, no. It's the valet guy.
Yes I know that.
Oh, what's the matter this doesn't interest you?
Boy, I bet you got a regular Algonquin round table there.
Hi. How are you?
(to himself) My foot's asleep again!
Hi Doris.
(pulling out a tape from his pocket) Vvvvup. Right there. I got it. I did this thing on the Ottoman Empire. Like, what was this? A whole empire based on putting your feet up?
I saw it.
It's a jelly candy. it comes in five flavors.
I'm quite sure. Anyway, any luck getting together on a song?
Look I don't know.
Whatever.
(fidgets like he has no room with George next to him)... Could you move over there?!
Yeah, let me just stop by the cash machine and I'll meet you over at the coffee shop.
Wouldn't tune in.
His father..
I'm fine. (George enters, Kramer exits) How was the party?
Did you get your laundry?
Mr Mandelbaum, please.
We could talk.
Hi,
Yeah, he's disgusting. (putting her hand back on his shoulder. She unconsciously starts to massage a little while watching TV)
That's strange...
--but, you see, let me just talk to you for a second, see, what I did is inadvertently sent an insurance--
She's having Carol, Gail and Lisa over. You know they all have kids now?
What should I do, should I call the police?
I don't think I am.
She talked me into one more day. Talk amongst yourselves, I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
They're mysterious little fellows aren't they?
Bye!
You've gotta smell the car
Fourteen years down the drain. (points and walks off -- to the bathroom)
How soft?
A long, long weekend.
Can I try it?
Well women do it.
(to himself) This is a new one.
Yeah, he was nice.
Well what about these nitwits that get on a plane with nothing to read? You know who these people are?
Yes, I know. I've flown before.
Game?
Do you hear what I'm saying to you?! I'm telling you that if I don't go, I could die. Die. Is it worth dying for?
How can you talk to someone like that?
How do you know?
Tell him forty and no fork.
Uh,..we'll go to 3rd Avenue. So, can you come with us for lunch to the soup place?
I don't know why he asked me to be the Godfather. We're not even that close of friends. Just cause we're on the softball team, I'm the pitcher, he's the catcher he thinks we have a special relationship?
I notice you threw 'stocky' in there.
The Whip. In the Senate, in the House.
Horses? Theyre like big riding dogs.
I was almost Mr. Coffee. They felt I was a little too relaxed. (Miss Rhode Island laughs.)
(standing) Uncle Leo! I just met an old acquaintance of yours. (indicates Buddy) You remember Buddy. He just told me quite a story about you and Grandpa at the track.
Uncle Leo! Did he leave any tickets here for me?
I could, but I choose not to.
Tropic of Cancer.
Oh yeah. Yeah, in fact, if George and I weren't so busy here working on the script, I'd do it myself.
Oh I'm stressed! (makes like Kramer, outstretching his arm. Jerry heads for the freezer for some ice cream.)
Yes, it was. He wanted your address - you, my friend, are going to be invited to his night-before-Thanksgiving party. (Elaine raises her hands triumphantly, then gleefully struts her way to the kitchen.) You know, he's got that great apartment on 77th street, and they overlook where they inflate all those huge balloons for the Macy's Thankgiving Day Parade?
Okay. Great. Thanks.
Without Elaine? What for?
No, it's not aluminum siding, it's volunteer work. All the money goes to the station.
What do you want?
You don't think I make money. That's what you think isn't it?
Yeah, it's in the kitchen drawer.
Love that babka.
Excuse me?
Hu, good, good,... well if he's calling in a month he's got a prayer!
Ehh, nobody listens.
Shhhhh! All right, Bania, I - I'm not letting you cut in line.
Hey, lll just keep swimming. Hey, hey. Im not done. I know what you're up to Ramon. Because Im a member here, this is my place to swim.
Its wonderful.
What? (to George) What did, what did you say?
Hey.
Yeah, you know it's a shame his parents didn't get divorced thirty years ago. He could have been normal.
You can do that.
So what is the deal with the yard? I mean when I was a kid my mother wanted me to play in the yard. But of course she didn't have to worry about my next door neighbor Tommy sticking a shiv in my thigh. And what's with the lockdown? Why do we have to be locked in our cells? Are we that bad that we have to be sent to prison, in prison? You would think the weightlifting and the sodomy is enough. So, anyone from Cellblock D?
What kind of look?
I guess Im coming. I mean...
A few stitches? I've never had stitches. I'll be deformed. I can't live with that. It goes against my whole personality. It's not me!
Alright. Can we go to a later show, so he's off his shift when I come by?
It's like when tenant dies in a rent controlled building - you gotta take immediate action.
Because your parents are going down there. My buffer zone just went from twelve hundred miles down to two feet! You gotta do something.
What is this?
No.
Ah, you're screwed.
So my parents get home, they open the door, my father flicks the light on, the whole place is cleaned out, everything.
Hated all the commercial and religious aspects of Christmas, so he made up his own holiday.
You can tell me, I'll vault it.
Uh-oh.
All right. Let's just drop it.
Did I get a head start?
I tell you what they should do, they should combine the two jobs, make it one job, 'cop\garbage man'. I always see cops walking around with nothing to do. Grab a broom! Start sweeping. You sweep sweep sweep... catch a criminal, get right back to sweeping.
Ill try and remember that.
(offering a plate) Chicken?
Is not.
Elaine is writing a sitcom...! (Elaine enters the room behind Jerry and George. Jerry spots her and tosses his half of the script at George. George throws it back and paper goes flying everywhere.)
What is all this?
You're an idiot.
What do you tip a wood guy?
Kramer I don't think I can--
(Confused) What are you talking about?
Who are you?
Please don't crouch.
I couldn't have dinner with him. 'Plan 9 from Outer Space', one night only, the big screen. My hands are tied!
If you go, maybe they'll catch it in time.
I was talking to him.
Absolutely.
(incredulous) You asked her to move in with you?
And I had won by so much a myth began to grow about my speed. Only Duncan suspected something was a miss. He's hated me ever since. Now he's back.
(Commenting) Yeah.. the - the waitress should've taken it back.
I change the 32 waist on the label to a 31 on all my jeans. So, you know. That's it. (Lena is puzzled.)
(on phone) Hello, yes, I called for an ambulance like thirty-five minutes ago.
No, no. I have to be very careful here. I don't want to send the wrong message. Especially after the other night.
I've worn one once and I really think it did something for me.
oh look at that I got oil all over me. Can I have your napkin?
But then anyone can just look in and see you.
Six weeks?
You don't have a car.
Yeah, okay. Oh, wait a second. Oh, I forgot to clean the bathroom.
No, I got into a thing with the son, and now he's laid up too.
Oh, hold on. [clicks back] It's George, he just got home.
You wanna grab lunch?
(he hits a few keys and looks over at her) Cash advance... yes (hits a key)  no (he looks over again) balance inquiry... no (he looks again) receipt.... no (he looks again) processing... processing... (He opens the box, pulls out his money and then looks at the woman and says) I won!
Am I a bad person? Did I do something terrible?
Hm, really?
Are you taking the Tony to Sardi's?
Oh, in a minute, Carol.
Of course its a sliding scale.
So you have no car?
Well turn the light on...
Yeah, so did I. You know what? I bet it was the engagement. I've shown I can go all the way.
(Sarcastic) You better hurry.
I'm going to be this guy's friend.
See you later
I'm going for the record.
I don't know. Who could've been in my apartment.
From that woman at NBC?
But you said he was just coming out of a very serious relationship. Maybe he's, you know, still....kind of...he...not gonna happen.
Well, get it out of my storage. It's illegal.
Thirteen thousand.
Kramer!!! (Jerry points to the lamp post they are about to crash into)
George I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
Hey, come on. Come on. I gotta live around here.
Uh, look, Elaine's here, I gotta get going. Oh, by the way, uh, I'm not getting married. Tell mom. Bye. (hangs up)
Okay. No calls the next day.
Uh, excuse me, uh, I was uh, driving behind you, uh, a few blocks back, and I, I couldn't help, uh, maybe you didn't realize, uh, I witnessed that, uh, um, you're tire's a little low. That can affect the performance of the twin high-beam suspension, not to mention your rack and pinion steering.
He's wailing on that banjo.
Double good-bye! (As Patty leaves, open door reveals Kramer, sitting on his lawn chair with a sparkler)
I'll see you later.
Yeah, it was alright.
(taking off his jacket) Slaughtered. Wiped the floor with 'em and (hanging up jacket) not only that, the money was unbelievable.
Maybe they offered him a chair and he turned it down.
Is that it? Got the cue tips, got the mini-umbrella, something boring to read on the plane. (Jerry zips his bag ceremoniously.) Thats it. Done!
Ow! Ow! Twist off! Twist off! Twist off!
Hey you know when Superman saves someone no one asks if he's trying to hit on her!
The guy whos in the gulag?!
You know, a TV show.
No, no, no, another race - out of the question.
Well, good night [holds hand out and shakes hand]
Okay. Thank you, very much.
Where are you sitting?
That strange Portuguese guy that lives next-door to the incinerator?
What?
I think so. I mean, he's acting really weird lately...he's different.
Yeah, but--
This was your idea!
No.
Well--
Could be.
So?
Yeah, ya know Cain slew Able.
So you called.
Playing today?
Yeah I know... She just wants to have sex.
Come on.
Yeah, yeah, in a second, in a second. (And to George) What do you mean you can't tell me?
So I can see her tonight, and you dont care?
(together -- with arms extended -- palms upwards) Stan The Caddy.
Look at this
What could you have done?
No chance.
Hello?
(going through couch cushions) Where the hell did I put this?
Where's his teeth! Where's his teeth!
Were going. Thats next Wednesday.
Elaine, Elaine, Elaine, Elaine...(distant alarm sound which is getting louder.)
Not.
You're worried I'll be able to do it aren't you?
No.
Well, I tried to apologise, it didn't go over that well...
Alright.
AH, GOOD FOR YOU.
I don't understand. What don't you like about it?
Shes subletting Carols place for a month.
Oh hey Phil.
Yes, change. By all means, change.
Yeah, so Joey?s a great lover of the opera
Yeah. So you really like this guy.
"I dunno how you could forget . He kept reffering to himself in the third person. "Jimmy's under the boards. Jimmy's in the open. Jimmy makes the shot."
Well I was shaving. And I noticed an asymmetry in my chest hair and I was trying to even it out. Next thing I knew, (high pitched voice) Gone.
So good for you.
Trust me, Kramer. Given the legal opportunity, I will kill you.
She thinks a guy who lies about a life-threatening illness, so he can get some phony hair has perspective?
No!!! The reason he's the iron man is because he goes out there and plays every game. Wash!!! Spin!!! Rinse!!! Spin!!! You take that away from him, you break his spirit!
No!
Are you sure?
Hello. Oh, hi mom. (listens) What? Oh my... He didn't?! He couldn't! (listens) Alright, I will. (listens) Okay, bye.
Oh, calm down, maroon Golf. He thinks I cut him off. He accelerated.
(to George) Problems with the house guest?
Binaca?
Remember David Puddy?
Have you tastes the soup?
I did a show for a car dealership and they're getting me a new SAAB.
Should I call an ambulance? Do you wanna see a doctor?
So, did you two, uh,  have uh,
Wait a minute. Wait a minute, hold on! We're just patsies. We're just a couple of users.. We never sold the stuff. What about the Russian guy? The Russian guy is the guy you want.
Get your finger out of my face.
True. You mean, for you?
So, you wanna come up for a few minutes?
(confused) Wha..? What time is it?
Why don't you just throw 'em out?
Why don't you talk to her about how there's nothing to talk about?
Name it.
(to himself) Hoh, that Milos. (to Patty) Well uh, what shall we do, uhm, care for a cup of coffee?
He say anything?
So?
Well maybe she'll just think it was bawdy talk.
Snapple?
Let me rephra-
How do you oversleep at the Olympics...?
Aren't you going to take the check down?
Elaine, you always care who an ex-girlfriend dates. You don't want it to be someone you know, and you don't want it to be someone better than you. Now, even though the latter is *obviously* impossible.
Sorry, really.
Holy cow! look at that!
He's always raving. I finally got a chance to go there the other day, and I tell you this, you will be stunned.
Look, youre a nice guy, its just that... we dont have anything in common.
Okay, how about this I'm in my apartment, you come in.
(to baby) Hello. How are you/
(Pointing) He's over there in the overcoat. If you could just kind of put a scare into him.. You know, set him straight..
Kramer this is Ramon, from the new health club I joined.
What are doing here now?
A uh, a person that uh...
If there's a serial killer lose in your neighborhood, it seems like the safest thing is to be the neighbor. They never kill the neighbor. The neighbor always survives to do the interview afterwards. Right? "Oh, he was kind of quiet." I love these neighbors. They're never disturbed by the sounds of murdering, just stereo. Chain saws, people screaming, fine. Just keep the music down. And all these women who always fall in love with the serial killer. They write to him in prison. Here's a woman that's hard to disappoint. I guess she's only upset when she finds out he's stopped killing people and she goes "You know sometimes I feel like I don't even know who you are anymore".
You can do that.
Come on Newman. Do it.
This is amazing, I haven't seen one person go in to that restaurant since it opened. Poor guy.
...ho-ah. It's, it's, it's kitschy.
Boy, you can really talk some trash. (to George) I guess that's better than eating it.
Well, it is good cape weather. Cool. Breezy.
Hey, believe me, if I'd been with you there in Barcelona...you'd be polishing that medal right now. (covers Jean-Paul with a blanket)
If he likes it so much, he never should have offered it.
(throws up his hands) Alright, fine. Put my picture up. What do I care?
Yes. And the mentor advises the protg.
What are you doing? Were going out for dinner in ten minutes.
You got something in your teeth there.
Kramer, these balloons aren't gonna stay filled till New Year's!
Its very good cantaloupe. (Kramer leaves; to George) So thats it? Youre out?
But you did actually throw his coat out the window.
He might want a show about anything and everything.
Isn't bunk bad? Like, that's a lot of bunk.
C'mon, I was sleeping with one cheek off the bed!
(taking them) Well, what's this for?
What is it?
(not amused) Very funny.
Hey, Georgie!
Louise! That's what's doin' it. You're no longer pre-occupied with sex, so your mind is able to focus.
Is that a fact?
You're still with the pact?
Ah ha. And what is his stand on abortion?
I've gotta call the police, there's a pay phone over there.
Hey.
Im not looking.
So what are you gonna do?
Ah, no problem. That's fine.
Turn in?
Alright put your hands up over your face, pretend you're sleeping.
No, that's what I thought but apparently it's just a big piece of plastic dividing the room.
What tee?
Russia, it's so bleak.
Well, what does he do? Is he an artisan, a craftsman, a labourer of some sort?
Oh, nothing in particular.
All right now you listen and you listen good! (he grabs Kramer's legs and throws him down the couch)
I've seen her in your building.
Because it's a stupid thing to be called.
Ah, I didn't get on. The lizard guy went long.
All right. Look, I'll tell ya what, I'll give you $50. Now, be reasonable you cannot turn down $50 for a $6 rye.
I guess he failed to see the humor in it.
Bye.
What about your sea sickness?
Hey.
Never mind.
Come on, Kramer, get out of there.
So, you two been, uh..
Yeah, but I can't say anything because Kramer wasn't supposed to tell me.
I was blowing on the coffee.
Maybe you should check with the rabbi.
I noticed she's big on the phrase "yada yada."
I got one problem. Youre keeping her busy in the other room. Now, what if she somehow gets away from you and is coming in? You have to signal me that shes coming.
Kramer wants to die with dignity.
Bring it on. Nothing's throwing me at this point.
Assman!
Hey! Wait! Wait! Wait a second! Where you goin'? I-I hardly ever see you anymore.
All right, well I've got to go take this test. I can't believe I'm doing this.
I don't even think you could do it.
What's that?
We'll see.
Oh, you didn't see it.
(throws out his hands) What does he listen to? The all Desperado station?
What? (Kramer hands Jerry an envelope) My God, the money! The 1500! Where'd you find it?
Wait'll you get to know him.
Oh yeah right.
Irish money?
Yeah.
Nah, she's really good and she's not just a masseuse, she's a physical therapist. There's a big difference. She uses the ultrasound, it's a real medical procedure. In fact, if you get a doctor's note, it's covered by insurance.
She wants to talk.
(Complaining) No, no. I wanted the one in the little bottle with that guy on it that looks like Charles Grodin!
Well, so that's that.
I really don't feel like seeing her.
I've seen MOST of it. I guess my favorite would have to be, uh... Chapter 2. Have you ever seen that?
I dunno. (Elaine enters.) Hey.
Ah...the volume.
Well, there's one way to check. Where there's Chinese food, there's leftovers.
Today's not cold.
Pam? What about Pam?
How can you lose?
Listen, I'm really sorry but I'm just on my way out to meet a friend.
Yes, Ill be stopping.
About 6-3.
Try to.
It's not true!
Who?
What are we, John Dillinger? How did this get to be the crime of the century? It's not like we stuck a broomstick in her spokes and she went flying...
Yeah.
"Just one....gotta go back.....Oh but get this. Elaine, you will appreciate this. I'm sitting in Tim Whatley's waiting room...He's got a Penthouse right out on the table."
Uhm, listen, I really felt bad about what happened, and I, I, I'd really like to apologise. Can I come up?
Oh I'm lying. Why would I do it unless I was in mortal danger? I know it's against the law.
Kramer, bumper-cars?
It's like watching an animal get tortured.
(after a very awkward pause, cheerily) Hey, neighbor.
Come on.
Uma Therman? Really?
No I notice but they're from your age group I didn't know you could detect abnormal behavior among your own kind.
(singing) Lemon tree, very pretty and a lemon flower...
Alright, its time to go.
Can we go out there?
Well, maybe the test was gender bias, you know a lot of questions on hunting and testicles...
You know George they are doing wonderful things at mental institutions these days. I'd be happy to set-up a meet and greet.
What is all the racket back there? You know, you're trying to relax on the plane and this is what you have to put up with. [To attendant] What is going on?
Hey! Wait up!
Uh huh, what's that?
Well, I guess she's batted around and she's back at the top of the order.
I don't understand this..
All right, what is this?
Oh now I see. (Buzzer) Yeah.
You guys both have class at the same time?
"The Real Peterman Reality Bus Tour". I'm confused.
Good, just getting some fruit for myself. Uh, gotta have fruit in the house. I like it as a snack. Wholesome, natural, chock-full of vitamins. Alright let's see... mangos... four plums with red on the inside... avocado... (looks at Joe; Joe gives him a weird look)ooo, just right... and three plantains uh ought to do it.
Widower? Wait a second. (goes to a notebook of his research)
I wonder what ever happened to her.
Please, Donna...
What did you say?
Yeah. Hey, what do you want me to do with this?
No big surprises.
Ma.
(interrupts) I-I'm sorry Uncle Leo, I really gotta get going.
Oh, I can't. I'm busy. I'm going away on a long weekend.
George
Hey.
No, no, no. No trouble at all, it's a principal the thing. (Jerry picks up the phone and dials the number) I like them to know that I know what's going on. That they're not... getting away with anything. Oh, I'm on hold. So, what did you do yesterday?
Yeah, I know; like yesterday I lost a job, and then I got another one, and then I missed a TV show, and later on they re-ran it. And then today I missed a train, went outside and caught a bus. It never fails! I always even out!
See, there you go again. What is the difference what I think?
You fell on her?
Uh-ha.
I'll tell you Lisi, I never expected that movie to--
What?
Well, there goes the money for the lipo.
Well, come on George, I'll help you push it across.
Now, you better tell me where Kramer is, or are we gonna have to do this the hard way? (Hits wall with his fist.)
Either that, or theyve got a weird little hang-up about lying face-down in filth. Why dont you just go to the cashier?
What is it?
I admit it. I don't watch it.
I don't think that's Salman.
Oh no, you keep going. It shuts off automatically.
H-Hey, Kramer, wait up. I'll go with you.
Well, we gotta get it washed (pulls off a few flyers)....Ah, the keys are locked inside!
You know, Kramer, I rented out half of my space to you.
Mine!
Kramer.
Boy.. imagine.. liking wigs to the point it becomes a career choice.
When did they ever spend any money?
"What's that?"
Boy, if I could meet a hostess, we could open up our own place.
What? What news?
What d'you mean, breasts?
"Why. You took a shower?"
Did they uncross the lines yet?
Jodi.
Well... Frankly, I thought, you know, I was gonna kinda' be like the apparatus.
Johnny? Johnny who? Johnny Carson? Did I insult Johnny on The Tonight Show?
Nooo.
Alright, alright, I'll do it!!
That light!
Yes it is. Soup and sandwich. That is a meal.
No, he left the store early, made a special trip to the distributor and got it.
Yeah. Hey, you're not working this weekend, why don't you come down?
No, no, would you get up?
I'm in the middle of a story.
I've never fixed anybody up.
Okay, I will.
Hey, Planet 9 From Outer Space is playing tomorrow night. One show only.
(Also guessing) Crook eye?
(lacking enthusiasm) Yeah, yeah.
Good.
I know. But this is a different paper. I thought maybe they have, uh, different... sources.
You can't break up with her now. Her life is shattered. You got her fired. You gotta be there for her.
NBC!?! Give me the phone!
Hey! Kramer come on in. You've got to watch this, now she's got nothing.
(accusingly) You're looking for a picture of me, aren't you?
I know he once went from West 81st Street to Kennedy Airport in 25 minutes.
Hi. I..I was in the audience earlier. You threw my jacket down. I just wanted to pick it up.
(Moving to the window, shocked) Oh my God in heaven!
Hey.
Yeah?
I don't know, up state, Falls, somethin'
Yeah, over here.
Ill give you 50 cents.
Oh, I'm sure it won't be the worst.
What was that?
(for the first half of the howl, a dog howls along with him.) Awoooooo-oooooooo, that feels good.
I got fifty right here in the cupboard. How about Bisquik? Pimento. Gherkin. Sauce. Maxwell House.
No, really.. an airport run.
(Stammering) Oh, I, I, think I remember..
See I was saying "six" but she thought I was saying "sex". We straightened the whole thing out though.
All right, I'm sorry. What about her?
Oh my god! Look at that picture, it's terrible...
Dont get up.
Any day that you had gym it was a weird school day, you know what I mean because it kind of like started of kind of normal. You have like English, Geometry, Social Studies and then suddenly you're like in Lord of The Flies for 40 minutes you know you're hangin' from a rope. You have hardly any clothes on. Teachers are yellin' at ya' "Where's your jock strap?" Ya' know and kids are throwin' dodge balls at you. You're tryin' to survive ... Then its History, Science, Language. There's something off in the entire flow of that day.
Well, if it's any consolation, I did get her number.
So you just did the opposite of everything?
So the whole set was destroyed?
Can't we eat at a decent hour? I'll treat, okay?
"Looks like he gave you some Novocaine"
Just put a coffee table book over it.
Why?
(sarcasm) Yeah, in my toolshed, next to the riding mower.
Is that my towel?
(smiling and excited) Well, here we are.
(putting on his coat to go downstairs, he finds the key in his coat pocket) I believe this belongs to you.
(in his parent's condo, on the phone with Elaine) So did you figure out Darryl's... you know.
That's not bad.
Well, just don't say anything about this to Elaine...
Yeah. Yeah. You make good comments.
Hi Julie.
Hi Bob.
Didn't they just have a baby?
Yeah, that's right.
They sealed him up with the mint inside.
Oh, and she cooks dinner onstage for some celebrity?
That's him.
You sold my Cadillac to Jack Klompus?
And a dead bolt.
No, I can't trust him, he gets insane. I won't enjoy myself. That's right, Farfel, I'm talking about you!
Oh Diane.
Oh. I see. There he is! (Pretends the murderers are coming.)
I could tell.
My Nana?
Somehow I thought he'd be taller.
You know what? That was the amazing thing.
Right after we get off the phone, then you go and tell her that?! Well, of course she knows it was me who complained! Now I'm responsible for this woman's quitting. Oh, this is unbelievable!
Because if I can't get one, you're not getting one.
Too sexual.
Why don't you go out? It's nice out.
Hey, I have found the best-smelling detergent. Lena, smell my shirt.
(pause) You know, you're not Chinese...
(to George) Snow. Snow, that cant be good for suede, can it?
So you didnt ask?
Right.
Oh, I got the machine.
Well I'm sorry if I ruined your life. That's exactly what I set out to do.
Family?
Hi. Hi Winona. Nice to see you again.
Elaine, this is Corinne.
Forget it. Go ahead, you'll have a good time.
OK, just a second lets not lose our heads here. Kramer you know you are always welcome in my home but as far as Mr. Johnson is concerned, that's another story.
No, I don't.
(Sarcastic) Yeah, too bad he didn't get shot. He could have been the one.
You got lobster for everybody?
(Being frank) Leo, I saw you in Brentano's yesterday.
I love my phone machine. I wish I was a phone machine. I wish if I saw somebody on the street I didnt want to talk to, I could go, Excuse me, Im not in right now. If you would just leave a message, I could walk away. I also have a cordless phone, but I dont like that as much, because you cant slam down a cordless phone. You get mad at somebody on a real phone  You cant talk to me like that! Bang! You know. You get mad at somebody on a cordless phone  You cant talk to me like that!
(shouting) Man that thing is noisy!
That was double overtime.
Yeah.
They're Cuban cigar rollers.
No, this is very advanced. We've designed at set of rules that we can maintain the friendship by avoiding all of the relationship pitfalls.
They've opened up a whole new market. Medication for the well.
No, I told you, it's just a dry run.
Well we went out one time. Don't you think that's coming on a little too strong?
Oh, like he's not just carrying you! And has been for years!
But you only provide fantasy world corporate experience.
I forgot about the video.
Well, did you go down to the Kenny Rogers and complain?
What the hell is going on here?
What's over?
And what is that?
Come on, Elaine!
Yeah. (thinking) That would really blow his mind. He's always wanted one, his whole life, he's never been able to afford it. (decisive) I'm gonna do it.
(thinking to himself; picks up a tube) "Fungicide". Fungus?
I gave your ticket to Horneck.
All right, I'll call 911. Think he did it? Could've he done it? Couldn't done it? How could've he done it? Couldn't be? Could it? Hello 911? How are you? I'm sorry it was just a reflex...I know it's an emergency number...it is an emergency...my friend is being accused of being a smog strangler and I know he didn't do it...they're putting me trough to the detective in charge of the investigation...what is my name? Who am I? I'm eh...George Costanza...
(Showing that it's a problem) Leo, I saw you steal.
I don't know what to tell you, Elton.
Kramer, they're fumigating. There's toxic gas in there.
Yeah, tha's easy when you have no income.
(getting up) Uh, you know what? I'll read with her.
I cant believe what Im hearing.
Did you ever ask an ex-girlfriend to move into your building?
Come on. Let's go.
Come on up. (Lets her in by unlocking the front door)
I have an idea. (Elaine enters; to Elaine) We can make the nine-thirty at Cinema Three.
I can't believe it.
This is a person I like, its not How to score on spring break.
Yes, about how you're very jealous of George. How you wished it was you who were getting married instead of him.
I did it for you.
You don't have a Mercedes.
So what your genitals are still lined up.
(in a tuxedo) So, you're in a relationship with a woman you don't like, and you're having an affair with a woman that won't have sex with you.
Yeah. Where's George?
You want to give something back? Start with the 20 thousand dollars.
When are ya gettin' out?
What are you talking about?
She's got greeting problems.
Would do you think?
You really like this girl.
What?
. . . Poor bastard.
Oh no! Now she's heard everything! What are we gonna do?!?
A little slow. I've got to hold this guy's hand on every little decision.
I don't know. They don't tell me anything. What's that? (Kramer holds a broken Tony)
George likes them, he feels it's a good personality showcase. He likes a date to see him with a friend so she can get a window into his nondate personality.
Would you tell Susan about it?
I'm not carrying a purse.
Me? Godfather?
Sure.
Last check-in, they were still on him.
What did you say to her?
(to Helen) What about him?
Oh my God, George!
Alright, I gotta go to the airport to pick up Elaine.
What is that, anyway?
Come on up. (to Nina) Well, now we gotta get a posse together. I love a good posse.
Can you relax, its a cup of coffee. Claire is a professional waitress.
Believe me, there'd be plenty of women going for these pig-men. Whatever the deformity is there's always some group of perverts that's attracted to it. "Oo that little tail really turns me on."
It was an accident. I'm going to talk to him.
Yeah.
What did you say then?
Good, feel good...you know that Jayne Mansfield had some big breasts. Really big, huge...just coming out the top of her dress, they were like, chokin' her.
Do you want box or hanger?
I thought they all had suites at the Plaza?
we're expected to be superficial
Nah, the only one I could ask is Elaine, and I cant ask her.
Isn't it common knowledge?
(Jerry realizes the situation is hopeless) All right.
I don't think so. I'm gonna try to get them to fly right back tonight.
Come back another time.
I hate rental cars. Nothin' ever works the window doesn't work, the radio doesn't work... and it smells like a cheap hooker... [pause] Or is that you?
Tell her you lost your itch.
Well, how long you've been seeing her. What's your phone call frequency? Are you on a daily?
Trouble down at the plant?
You and me.
Yeah, hey did I see you on TV at the Ranger game? Were those your seats right behind the glass?
Ma!
Yeah.
That's great!
(Grabbing his coat) Oh, I'm sorry, I can't - I'm going straight to the airport.
Kramer.
Oh, that's gold, baby.
WE HAD A PACT!!!
George!
(smugly, under-his-breath) Not only that, I broke his thumbs.
Yeah, Im going to Vermont with uh Vanessa for a few days.
(Gesturing to the rabbit ears) Just, just, hold this. Can you hold that?
We were just playin.'
(a la "Don Corleione") Elaine, never ask me about my business!.... (SHEEPISH) "Godfather."
Um, I haven't got my watch on. It's being fixed.
Howbout picking up their, you know. You find that enriching?
I don't know, they're working on a whole other level..
But I was promised this slot.
Tractor!
The captain of the toes. (phone rings) Hello.
What is the difference?
Tails!
Fine all done, just looking for the soap.
Women go bald?
"Jimmy?
What is it?
Elaine, let the man make his soup!
Is she nice?
That's enough!
Ate? What? What the hell are you talking about? Now you listen to me, you get out of that apartment this instant. If you screw this up for me I swear....
Aub, ah, Gipple?
No, he's doing mine next. They're low flow you know.
Well, it couldnt be too expensive. Thirteen, fourteen bucks a cat?
All right! Take it easy! Take it easy.
Oh.
You think we can do it?
Oh, heh. You know, a friend of mine has a watch just like that. I'd love to replace it for him as a gift.
Will you get this horse outta here. He's killing me. I can't get any oxygen.
You like full lips.
No.
Well, maybe your refrigerator...
It appears that way.
He got fired the next day.
Tell me about it.
What?
Well, what is he, a vampire?
129 West 81st street.
There's weather.
Whatever it is.
No, I love a good Chinese Spanish whatever it is.
Yeah..
Would she mind?
No, I was following him.
Yeah. Every time I see her, I gotta kiss her hello. I just did it once, on her birthday, somehow it mushroomed. Now I dread seeing her because of it.
Wait a second, I--
He has no idea who you are.
Why?
Hey, have fun at the... family reunion. (George exits) So, what do you know about this Jack fellow?
Allow me. What are you, an idiot?
What do you mean like post-cards an...?
In a manner of speaking.
So what did you do?
It's NOT a surprise party! Yeah (to intercom)
(to Kramer) So how's your karate class going?
(Confused) I don't know what that means.
Ok!
Well, something happens.
Well, I don't normally--
I thought you saw that already...
She knows about the speed-dial. Mrs Hamilton, you gotta get me off this thing.
Do I know you?
No, we can't. My skin is crawling just being inside your little rat's nest. Now, what happened?
Well, maybe we should just forget about the cake?
I say we go back to New York, and take a regular flight.
Well now we're gettin' somewhere.
I understand. But what am I gonna talk about for two hours?
The apple pie you had today at Monks
Hard to imagine.
Oh, here she comes. (They pretend to not have watched as Jane enters)
See, never bet against the backslide. I knew you two would get back together.
I dont return fruit. Fruit is a gamble. I know that going in.
Hello.
Is that a thick marble?
Really! You know, a lot of restaurants are serving brewed decaf now, too.
Come on in here.
'... downtown.'
Yeah, this has got disaster written all over it.
(Looking down at the shirt; mumbling) Oh, thank you.
Well do you feel anything?
You know, Kramer's gonna clean up on this place.
George is taking it.
Yeah, that's true.
Are you sure you want me John. I have spoken to Richie in two years. I don't have a good apartment for an intervention. The furniture, it's very non-confrontational. All right All right. Goodbye. [to Kramer] Remember Ricie Appel?
Hey did you hear that George got back with Karen?
"I don't think so. I think they were getting dressed and not only that; my shirt was out!!!"
Yeah, yeah. Whatever. Alright, I'll see you.
Why don't you rent the movie?
Oh, I didn't get the insurance.
And shopping.
Well I'll get them.
Not because youre dirty, not because youre clean  just because you kissed the girl behind the magazine...
You've got really specific tastes.
(shocked) Broke even.
Why do they wear polyester?
I can't do those things.
Friday?
Well, Elaine here was picking up my mail while I was away, because you know that little box can get very full.
They're doing an incredible business.
My parents are moving back too!
Yeah, this speed-dial's like a relationship barometer.
Cheapness is not a sense.
What, do you think they just crack their knuckles and come out?
(Resisting) Kramer, how am I gonna wear this?! I-I can't wear this!
Hello, oh hi Duncan, 400 o'clock tomorrow? That is not going to work. . . . Why? I'll tell you why. Because I chose not to run!
And, of course, you find fur morally reprehensible.
Uh-huh.
Mine too, love the 12 gauge.
I told you not to say anything. You can't go in there, brazenly flaunt the rules and then think I'm gonna share with you!
Come in.
Oh, Kramer huh?
It did?
How did you do those things?
All right. Now you're doing something to help me. (to the phone) Hello yeah it's Jerry Seinfeld returning the call. Uh-huh.. O.K. great thanks a lot. (hangs up)(to George) Casting tomorrow at NBC. 400. We're in business baby, the pilot's on. You're gonna successful. (George looks disappointed)
Yeah, you should see George get along with this kid!
Do you not like apple pie?
You don't like the Drake?
(reading) Owen March, prominent author and essayist suffered a stroke yesterday in the upper West Side apartment of a friend.
Ah, non-smoking would be great.
And?
What is that?
We went over that.
Knicks? Rangers?
So what?
(Reasoning) You know, if you talked this loud to begin with, I wouldn't be in this costume in the first place!
That's not going to be good for anybody.
How ya doin'?
Bad situation.
I'm not sending him to your house.
Yeah, I liked him.
I mean, who has a funeral on a Wednesday? Thats what I want to know. I mean, its the championship, Im hitting everything.
All right, the whole elevator business, let me just explain-
I accept.
Yeah. Wha - wha - what are you, happy?
I think I got David Duke and Farrakhan down there.
Where'd you get the bricks?
All right, shut up the both of you! You're making me nervous. Where is he already? He should've been out of work by now.
And then, somehow, we started talking about, what if we had sex.
Well this is it. The food is atrocious, but the busboys are the best in the city.
You're still trying to gget that free sub?
I didn't know it was possible not to know that.
(impressed) Who's that?
I know, I know... Well, you know.
Im supposed to see her again on Thursday, but can I go out with someone who actually likes this commercial?
Who?
He couldn't handle the weight.
C'mon!
(stares at George, incredulous) "Back on"? What was it doing off?
So, if I ask her out again - I don't know who's showing up The good, the bad, or the ugly.
We're acting. (they stop laughing)
Look. Just, forget it, (already). All right?
Hello Newman.
Defent.
If they were fanatic about showers, they might.
I don't think you do. If you did, I'd have a car. See, you know how to take the reservation, you just don't know how to *hold* the reservation and that's really the most important part of the reservation, the holding. Anybody can just take them.
You sure?
Just like that.
Hey, how ya doin'? Y'know I got that reporter from the newspaper on the other line.
Organic. So's Buddy Hackett.
Here we go...
I'm flying down to Florida tomorrow.
Let me speak with the head librarian. ... Because it's absurd. An overdue book from 1971? ... This is a joke right? What are you? From a radio station?
How many times you been out with him?
Oh so you still don't believe us.
Well, it's only a year. That's not so bad. We'll be out in a year, and then we'll be back
Well, then, you've just got to fire her! Don't even think about it - there's no two ways about it.
Well, you seem happy.
(humouring him) That's very nice.
Yeah?
Boy, that brain never stops working, does it?
No, no more cockfighting. Let's just sell him to Marcelino the cockfighter and be done with it!
What's wrong with her?
Anyone can get into podiatry school. George got into podiatry school.
Joe DiMaggio? In Dinky Donuts?
Did you see that?
Maybe you can strike one up with the prince of darkness as you burn for all eternity.
Ah, I could've stayed home and ordered a pizza from Paccino's.
I was screamin' at hecklers all night. The last time I open for a rodeo.
Well, what is it then?! My new sofa! Poppie peed on my new sofa!
Nonsense. You do everything wrong.
Well. This should be a very interesting evening.
I did not. You guys gonna go through some red lights?
Well why don't you say it?
Can we just go in already?
(Blunt) I believe you.
Yeah, he just walked by.
Ahem. Say that again?
I don't know. They're tailing him. I'm waiting for them to call me back.
555-3455.
Pretty impressive--"Serious boyfriend '92 to '95." Owns her own car.. "Favorite president James Polk!" (ELAINE had echoed "Uh-huh. Yup." during it)
You're 40 minutes late. What happened?
Thank you. All right, look at all this stuff. What are we getting'?
Oh, it was very funny. There was one great scene with the chef - what was his name?
You don't understand, ah
Who gave you this idea I would wanna leave?
Yeah, I cant eat dessert either. The sugar makes my ankles swell up, and I cant dance.
Who said theres a problem?
Oh...well...
I said luss. Im at a luss.
Yeah. Well once he gets married that's it, she'll probably get pregnant, they'll move to Westchester. I'll never see him again.
He wont take ya..
....hair that was on your shower soap today could be in your head tomorrow. How did they do the first transplant? Did they have the guy take a shower , get his soap , rush it in there by helicopter, you know keep the soap alive on the soap support system ....looks it over. "We got the hair but I think we lost the Zest." ....rejects the transplant with organs. Is it possible that a head could reject the hair transplant . Guy just standin' there and suddenly... ..Bink! ( motions hair flying out of his head)........lands in someone's frozen yogurt.
(answering phone) Hello?
Hey, how was baby-sitting?
Thanks, Lyle...
Youre kidding.
What I said. Ive been under a lot of stress.
(Pleading) Oh, come on. He's just a lonely old man. All old people steal.
Call it a night. I'll walk you home. Where do you live?
(Still going along with the practical joke) You know, I was wondering.. You know that Black Hawks jacket you have?
China really?
I never shoulda told you.
What do you need a hammer for?
So Peterman bought it? I can't believe you got away with that!
Oh, Wait a second, you got her autograph?
Yeah, right.
But you made it through the day before.
Yeah, yeah. Dont worry about it.
Listen, Matthew, I-I want to explain something to you. Now, cursing is not something that most comedians do.
Hey, your friend Mike's outside, he wants to talk to you.
How am I going to live with myself?!
That's incredible. Six months ago you were taking messages for your mother.
Elaine? Are you there? It's me, I'm locked out of my apartment, I need my spare keys. Where are you? I'm at the coffee shop.
(touching the back of his neck) It's like somebody's pulling on wires back here.
Did you see that? What kind of a 'hello' was that?
Clearly, no one else can stand to be with either one of you.
"Glamour"?
It's against the law.
Ah...
Ahh, I'm, I'm kinda soured.
No, I don't.
I didnt open it. It was open. I just nudged it a little.
Don't ask me!
Y'know a lot of people have asked that...
Oh my god, its Joe Divola
Oh, hey Bania.
No, I'm not riffing. I'm ignoring! Do you understand the difference?
I *just* learned that. (proudly holding the Yo-Yo)
Well, yeah...sure.
So, has the summer of George already started or are you still de-composing?
First, you encouraged her to join the army... She did.
I don't care about the sauce. It came in this funny little bottle, and there was a guy on the label that looked exactly like Charles Grodin.
Could you excuse me one second? Im sorry.
Alright, I said I had a good time and I'd call, but who takes that literally?
You know what's good for that? Relish.
Why can't I be bombable?
Oh! Come om . He'll be over there for a half hour, he gets lost over there. C'mon so what is this about?
I love you, George. Come here.
But...
No, it isn't. I can find out.
I...am not taking it.
Hey.
Alright! (picks up the phone and dials) Hello, Alec? Hi, it's Jerry Seinfeld. You know, you got a great 'John Houseman' name. Alec Berg. Did you hand in your assignment, Mr. Berg?
All right, I'm sorry. Go ahead, you're taking the IQ test.
Hey.
He's definitely in Chicago.
Of course. Because of that wallet. You-you got a filing cabinet under half of your ass.
Why'd you have to say anything to her?
Hey, you know what? This is all your mail. They're puttin' it in my box now.
I think I offended the wake-up guy...! (worried)
He said he doesn't care, he'll just turn the cushion over.
I forgot to take it off.
Yeah, yeah, can we get off of this?
Hey.
Tell you something...I do.
I don't know, but you don't have it.
Where I go? You mean she was asking me to wear this ridiculous shirt on national TV, and I said 'Yes'?!
(grimaces and takes the shovel back) I'll dig.
I don't...I dunno.
oh you think she's Erika, the phone sex woman
Well, if she splits the atom, I'll let it slide.
Maroon Golf.
How could she not tell me where she was staying?
No, I didn't shoot this one. I'm just scouting the location.
Oh, ya' going?
I can't believe you all made me leave before the end of the game.
Hello... Oh hello Elaine.
What? Can't I get a moment's peace?
Sounds lovely! [To Tia, motioning to put them on her] May I?
I got the call...!
The belt-less trench coat. My father invented it.
Oh! There coming to town tomorrow by the way.
Whew
I'm going to the hospital to see Fulton. I'm not even saying hello, I'm going right into material.
How long have you been waiting to squeeze that into a conversation?
You're cut off, you're out of the loop!
I said yes.
So you're gonna burn that bridge.
You know, I really liked her. We talked. We flirted. And when she left, she reached out and touched my arm.
Oh, nothing happened, you know, but is was great.
That's a hell of an organization they're running up there. I can't understand why they haven't won a pennant in 15 years.
So why didn't you say no?
Hello.
Alright, that's enough. (sips coffee)
Well, look. Here's the work order with everything that broke. Just kind of bring it up at the right time and find out. (hands Elaine the work order)
"How's George?"
yeah, Amber.. I wonder if she's back from Vegas..
Look, freedom with no clothes is a lot better than no freedom with clothes.
(outraged) He's a doctor!.I mean it's supposed to be like a sterile environment."
Hello, Oh hi Lois, you want to get together, what for? I don't know about that, I'll have to think about it. I'll let you know. Okay, bye.
Sure!
Well?
Yeah.
You think?
You know, I think I'll just take the check.
You mean like.. (points to his hair)
O.K. (closes the apartment door)
Can you blame her?
Yeah.
Look at this. It's 85 dollars marked down from 600.
Now he's a character. (Pause) So everybody I know is a character on the show.
I know, but I'm distracted now.
Oh, I guess it's broken!
Hey.
Ah, you must be Kramer's guys. (indicating) Come on in. You got the cigars?
Yes this is the terrorist bomber.
Really. So uh, what do you do down there all day?
Projectionists.
I dunno sometimes...
I can't live tlike this. I'm being stalked.
Well put something down, youre taking twenty minutes on this. So is Uncle Mac and Artie, theyre all coming over here before the wedding?
oh..huh.. is she coming up?
Well, I'm very mysterious by nature. (Jerry knocks on the door) A lot of women find that attractive.
They're my socks!
Hey.
Ya know, I gotta tell you, he's a pretty good-looking guy.
Don't worry, they'll make friends fast with that nice TV.
You're just answering phones!
Ooh. Beth Lookner, still waitin' out hat marriage.
Anyway, thanks a lot for letting us stay here, Steve, I really owe you one.
Ah, I'm one kind.
That's it, you gave up?
Well General Chang was a very flamboyant man. A complete failure as a general, but a helluva cook.
(Joking around) Well, you know, eighty-five percent of all homeless rickshaw businesses fail within the first three months.
Imagine the laugh you could have gotten if you'd yelled that out at the actual disaster.
(While looking at posters of women wearing glasses) I think these women would be pretty good looking if they weren't wearing glasses.
He was not the summer you. Besides, you had a summer me. Whitey Fisk, the guy who snuck you into Last Tango in Paris.
It can't be the nudity. I never got into these terrible fights and misunderstandings when I was changing before gym class.
Ya sure, adoring's good for you, what does it do for me? (Meryl laughs. The owner of the coffee shop comes over.)
What'd ya do?
What do you think?
It's a pig at a complain department.
