Well, I invited him to attend my son's birthday party and -
(regarding the grocery bag) What d'you have here?
How much are they paying you? I'll double it.
Nothin'? (They exchange a glance, then laugh.) Listen to you, you're quite the sweet-talker.
It was a pleasure doing business with you George, but I'm afraid I have to get going.
I wasted my whole morning with you for eight dollars?
I can't believe somebody pulled the top off of this muffin.
You're the assistant? Why weren't you taking care of him?
I started riding these trains in the forties. Those days a man would give up their seat for a woman. Now we're liberated and we have to stand.
Wow. Well then my mentor suggested that I move into equities, best move I ever made.
Y'know I really think I'm falling for you, Jerry Seinfeld. (stands up, a quick kiss on the cheek and hugs him.)
Well I started out working in mortgage bonds, but I just found that so limiting.
(Sitting behind George) You make your father sit here all day?
Where are you up to, with such a nice present, birthday party?
Are you kidding? They were merciless! What do you expect when your name rhymes with a part of the female anatomy?
Well, I'm his mother. (stern) Vincent, what's going on here?
It was great working with you. (Somewhat coy) Your hands are beautiful.
(disapproving) Vodka, cigarettes, fireworks. (accusing) What kind of a sick woman brings this to a fifteen year old?
(con't) Of course, not everybody can be as sweet as you are.
(Fishes a card out of her purse, then hands it to George) Here's my card. Why don't you, uh, give me a call? (Walks off)
You know, I was wondering - if you're not doing anything later, maybe you'd like to get together..?
Please! Get help! There's a crazy big-headed woman beating up some guy! Tell the police "The Old Mill Restaurant". Hurry!
Mr. Seinfeld, they're ready for you. (She exits)
There's a big fire down the street, the whole block is going up in flames! Peterman gets up and runs towards the door, he stops and looks back. George is still sitting on the couch, looking up and shaking his head.
Lady, I'm not his wife, I'm his welfare caseworker. Is he home?
I don't know. We're just waiting here for the owner of this car to show up. May not get out alive! Thug! Taking up a handicap spot? He's gonna pay!
Look at what you've done! You spilled my bag!
About the focus group? I had nothing to do with the focus group. What's your point? (She sees Kramer emerge from another room. He's wearing only dress shoes, socks, and his briefs) My.. he's sexual, athletic.. an' without a trace of self-consciousness!
You didn't look like someone who needed a job.
Did he send you part of our VCR?
When youre dead, youre dead. Thats it. Youre not goin anywhere...
Um, I'm going to the bathroom. I'll be right back.
So, do you work for one of those big broker-houses?
Are you going upstairs? Tell my fianc I'm looking for him. I havelost my fianc, the poor baby.
I wonder what happened to my fianc. I know he's here somewhere. Ellen? Have you seen my fianc?
I'll be back. I'm not feeling very well.
Oh, no no no, Cynthia's just a successful businesswoman who's taken me under her wing.
Hah, I didn't know people still get married. It's hard today with men and women.
Some jerk parked in a handicap spot, so this woman in a wheelchair had to wheel up this incline, and half way up her batteries gave up, and she rolled backwards into the wall. Taken her to St. Elizabeth's...
Oh, well, I really think I'm falling for you... [opens the playbill and flips five pages till he finds and reads autograph] .....Joseph Puglia...
You know what? I don't think so. I'm going to need it from time to time.
Well, I was going to say why don't you get off with me, but you're obviously very busy on your way to some important meeting or something.
(Mesmerized with Kramer's body) No, let's get him in the studio today. We can send these out immediately.
Hi. JERRY You might not know it to look at me, but I can run really, really fast.
Y'know my cousin knows the producer. I may get to go backstage and meet Olympia Dukakis.
A sitcom? How can you write that crap? Carol, this guy's writing a sitcom.
(Looking at both his hands intensely) Your hands.
Uh-huh. And afterwards we went backstage and Olympia Dukakis autographed my playbill.
So I got home, and he was vacuuming! I mean, he's twelve years old! Who else but my Alan would do something like that?
I could listen to you talk about mail all day.
So you went from the mailroom to the director of corporate development in two days?
No, no ,no. It's all right. (Begins helping him pick her things up)
Well, I better get going. I don't want to be late for the play. (Grabs her coat.)
Hold on... Elaine, there's a Jerry Seinfeld on the phone for you.
Bon-jour, welcome to the Gateway to Paris Charter Flight.
What do you think? You want to give him the catsup?
And then last night, he put on my high heels. Oh, he put on such a show for us! He was dancing around, lip-sync'ing to ``A Chorus Line'', I mean you can see he's got talent.
Great seats. You could see the actors spitting.
(licks he lips) You don't know my name, do you?
Get away from me you creep. (She walks away.)
What does he do, if you don't mind me asking?
(To Ruthie, the cashier) That man should really be in a sanitarium. (Ruthie nods, agreeing)
Excuse me, did you say turbo? Saab turbo nine-thousand? Is it... (voice breaking) midnight blue?
Well, come on! (They trade places and Kramer gets behind the wheel. Kramer turns out to be really rusty on the ol' double-clutch.)
All right, we're done. You can have it now.
Why does this dummy have a bucket on its head?
Well if you were here first, you'd be holding the phone.
And I'm her protg. You must have someone like that. You know, who guides you in your career path.
Yeah I knew it was a bad idea.
