(half to himself) I'll bet you don't.
Oh I got in, I had to break the window with a rock and then I got my hand all cut up reaching in.
Nine thousand for a Cadillac? It's got no miles on it.
I was, I was making a, a simple lane change. I, I put on the blinker and it took off on me. And the next thing you know, I was submerged. I'm telling you, Jerry, I'm very lucky that those crocs didn't get me.
Come on!
Take the pen!
You are uh, thinking of staying here?
(dancing around) Oh... here's a fact. Uh, I'm... the Wiz! I'm the Wiz and noooobody beats me!
Go ahead.
Hello Morty. (looking at watch) Well, missed the early bird.
(shouting like there's a bad line) Jerry, I had a little mishap with the car.
(pointing) Hello, Jerry.
You know I still got that pen, the one that writes upside down.
Oh it was a gift.
(a whisper to Morty) I can't believe you got that old bag.
Done. But, I get to drive it tomorrow, because Doris wants to go to Naples.
The Kelly blue book value. Twenty-two thousand dollars.
I'm down here in alligator alley. You better get down here.
(pointed) Must be nice to have that kind of money.
He what?
This pen?
C'mon Morty, the jig is up!
I don't want it!
That's what you think.
You wanted those damn boxes didn't you?
What are you talking about? He pratically begged me for it.
Jerry, it's getting late. You've cleaned up the car. You've made all your phone calls. Why are you still here?
I thought you're going to Paris
This is an astronaut pen. It writes upside down. They use this in space.
What's in the boxes?
Bernie, look who's eating at six o'clock. (pointed) Your suddenly well-to-do president. But, you enjoy your last meal in office. Tomorrow, they kick you out, you'll have plenty of time to drive around in your Cadillac.
Ow! You broke my dental plate! (Jack is touching his dental plate while Morty reaches in Jack's pocket to get the pen) Doris! He broke my dental plate. You son-of-a-bitch! I'm gonna sue you. (he leaves the table and Morty follows him and continue arguing with him. Jerry now have the microphone in his hands and the crowd begins to think the ceremony is over.)
You're not me.
Get the hell outta here with your knob.
Listen do you think I give a damn?
Don't worry about it! I'll give it back!
No. thanks, no.
When do you want these?
Still works.
What? D'you think you're such a big shot now, because you got a Cadillac?
Thank you.
I'm gonna be in the can.
Hey. Hi Cosmo.
(shrugging) Do whatever you want. It's your car.
Ya
Well I mean...
But we do owe him a debt of gratitude because by not fixing the crack in the sidewalk, he put Mrs Ziven out of commission for a few weeks. (Morty is now the only one not laughing)
Listen, do you think I take everything everybody offers me? You offered me sponge cake yesterday. Did I take it?
I did NOT have a coke.
It drove itself into the swamp! Besides, I think I lost my pen, too.
(pulling out his Wiz hat) They're bringing me back. Yeah. I'm the Wiz again.
Need a pen?
Morty you gotta hurry up. Get ready.
Danny's? (scoffs) C'mon!
So when are you coming down to Florida again?
You wanna buy it back? Why, you go drugs hidden in the trunk?
It's Jack Klompus.
Proof? You want proof? He's driving around in a brand new Cadillac. Now what more proof do you want?
No? Listen Morty you wanna settle up for last night? (Morty nods) All right. I owe you 19.45$ (he gets his checks book and a pen from his pocket).
Yea, they'll be there tomorrow afternoon, two o'clock.
Being president of the condo is not easy. It requires hard work, dedication, and commitment, and unfortunately he possesses none of these qualities. (everyone laugh except Jerry, Helen, and Morty. Even Elaine who's still druggy)
Hello Morty, listen that key doesn't work. It's no good.
Because I saw the look on your face last week when I took the scotch tape!
Raincoats? (Doris sighs) You think you're gonna sell those old crappy raincoats? That's garbage.
It's 19.45$, Morty. (he gives him the check)
(laughing) You've got some nerve. I almost break my neck in that death-trap of yours, and now you ask me for a favour!
Your son?
Yeah.
Your son could never afford that car. We all saw his act, last year, at the playhouse. He's lucky he can pay his rent!
W-well it was ten dollars cheaper in the afternoon than the morning, I figured what the hell's the difference.
(to Jerry) What happened to you?
So, to what do I owe the pleasure of this, unannounced, visit?
Of course I wanted it! I love sponge cake!
I don't wanna take a ride.
I did not.
(dancing around) I'm the Wiz! I'm the Wiz!
So uh where's your father?
So Jerry, your mother told me you're gonna do one your little comedy skits tomorrow?
Excuse me. (to Helen) Doris would like to borrow red your pocketbook to go with her shoes. (to Elaine on the floor) The shoes have to match the pocketbook. (to the others) What's she doing? Yoga?
You what?
Hello Jerry, it's Jack Klompus.
No, thank you.
Whose pen?
(disbelief) You bought it?
This thing is a, is a behemoth.
Elaine, I'm sorry I'm late.
I'm not sitting down!
Positive! Take the pen!
What took you so long?
Yes, we will.
Who's car?
Take the pen!
(on the microphone) Ladies and gentlemen, as you know, every year, Phase Two of the Pines of Mark Gables honors the previous year president. And this year we are honoring Morty Seinfeld (the crowd applause and someone yells Morty!) A man who slept more hours on the job than Ronald Reagan.
His administration did excel in one department the hiring of incompetents.
See? You know your father. He can't get a write to the penny, but that's why he was such a good president.
Come on, take the pen!
I'm sorry. I'm sitting here, the whole meeting, holding my tongue. I've known you a long time, Morty, but I cannot hold it in any longer.
Alright how the hell do I know?
I don't feel like taking a ride. Do I have to take a ride?!
Excuse me, can I borrow your ketchup?
Where you gonna get a better meal than that?
What's there to see underwater?
So that's 17.10$ and the tax and the tip.
What boxes?
I gotta fix your window now?
All right! (he smiles and take it)
So Jerry, you came all the way down here for this?
Elaine, that's the second piece of good news today.
Take the pen.
Stop it!
Morty, listen I can't get into the garage.
Yours?
