Wait, wait (goes to grab her arm)
Wait a second, wait a second, you got me all wrong. It was all because of the kid. (numerous little people begin to crowd around them) (to Tammy) The kid was growing. He shot up two and a half inches in a month. (to all the little people) I woulda lost my job. Any one of you would have done the same. You got no right! I'm Mickey Abbott! I stood in for Punky Bruster when all of you was nothing. (seeing the crowd still doesn't agree with what he did, he points at Kramer) It's all his fault. (Kramer acts like he doesn't know what Mickey is talking about) It was his idea.
Yeah, well I'm wearin' it.
What? Now? I can't
If you had gotten into the backseat of the car we could've figured this whole thing out.
Cirrhosis of the liver with jaundice! Alright I get to wear make-up! What did you get?
Well we're gonna be here a while so take a seat. (Kramer starts trying to sit down, Mickey has his back to him and gets out a pack of cigarettes, Mickey then turns around once he has his cigarette to find Kramer struggling to sit down) You know if it hadn't been for that secretary of yours...I said sit down! (Kramer still trying to sit down, Mickey throws the pack of cigarettes to the floor) Are you deaf Bradley?! I said sit down!
That's not bad.
Quiet.
Rock, paper, scissors match.
Nah, rock flies right through paper.
I like Merlot.
Kramer's going to be my scene partner.
Hey Tammy.
(To Beth) How many is that for you?
(to Jerry then both Jerry and George) But I got a big problem. The kid I stand in for, he's growing. He was four feet last month, now he's like four-two and a half. He shot up two and a half inches. I can do four-two, four-three is a stretch, any higher than that and I'm gonna be out on my ass doing that para-legal crap.
Hey! That's my cirrhosis! He's stealing my cirrhosis! (he jumps Kramer) You wanna be sick? I'll make you sick.
(looks at his hand) Nothing beats rock.
Ya well just keep out of my business you big ape. (pushes Kramer)
Not Donna, it's Donner.
Alright, rock beats paper.
Hey Tammy.
Oh alright, alright. I'll be right over.
Rock.
You're a lightweight. Come on, honey.
(to Kramer) Johnny Vigiano went through my locker.
What the hell does that mean?
Watch it!
Right, the rage. Tons of rage.
Come on get your bead on. We're going to be late.
We're double dating tonight, and if we wear the same shirt we'll look like idiots.
HUAAHHH!!
Goodnight
Rock, paper, scissors match.
Karen and I are getting married.
Kramer
Hey Bob. What's with you? You gotta problem? (to Kramer) You see that look he gave me? (starts to get up to go after him)
(looks at Kramer) Not that I know of.
Rock
(turns and moves up to George, points his finger at him) It's little people, you got that?
Not for you! Who holds a door open for a man?
AH!
Why not?
That's it, it's go time! (Charges toward Kramer, only to be held back by Jerry and Elaine)
Oh, my liver! Why did I drink all those years? Why did I look for love in a bottle?
You (grabs Kramer)
Hey Jerry.
Communism, You didn't realize Communism was a sensitive issue? What do you think has been going on in the world for the past 60 years? Wake up and smell the coffee.
(to Kramer) Out of the question.
Oh, thank you. It's 100 cotton, and some wool.
Why don't you just cut the stupid pants and get them off already/
You don't understand. There's an unwritten code about this kind of thing. I could be ostracized. I remember when I was a kid, some guy tried to heighten. He lost his job, lost his friends, Everything. Oh, I knew I was crazy to try this kind of thing, but I was so desperate. (pauses laying on the couch; jumps up) What is this kid taking anyway? Hormones? Steroids? Would you tell me!?
What am I gonna do in here?
I'm not sure she was my type.
Rock.
I knew you wanted her. That's who I wanted.
Rock, paper, scissors match.
I got my hair cut that's all (turns to look at Kramer)
I knew that Commie stuff was going to get us in trouble.
Why not? What the hell are you talking about?
(stands up) Sorry my scene partner isn't here yet so I guess uh..(Kramer enters and runs into some chairs) Oh
Look, you take that commie crap out into the street.
How about lunch?
I told you we should've gotten here a half hour early.
Rock, paper, scissors match.
Sorry buddy, this is the "Hamlet" of diseases. Severe pain, nausea, delusions, it's got everything.
No, no one wears the shirt next time.
Bacterial Meningitis. Jackpot!
I offered him cigarettes, (to Jerry and George) but his stupid mother is hanging around. She won't let him have any.
So Tammy, finally, today's our big lunch.
I'm very nervous. I'm auditioning to be in the Actor's Studio tonight.
No, no, you think I'm fallin' for that? I'll take Karen.
That was quick! Nice job, Santa!
(almost starts to laugh) Bradley! (looking to the crowd) It's very important that you sit down (Kramer still trying to sit down) Now for the last time, (angry) Try again to Sit Down! (Running at Kramer with his arms in the air) Sit down you big stupid Ape! (Mickey tackles Kramer)
So, Bradley. I guess this is the last place you expected to find yourself.
Hey, kid, quiet. Were did a nice little boy like you learn such a bad word like that? Huh?
He's a good kid.
I'm sorry Kramer.
How you doin' Johnny?
Oh, he's always been jealous of me. I always get to stand in for the bigger stars; The Cosby Kids, Ricky Schroder, Macaulay Culkin.
I got two kids in college.
Don't listen to him Kramer, you've got a good job here.
Ya but..
Hey Jerry.
Oh Hi Kramer. What do you want, I'm a little busy.
They assign you a specific disease and you act out the symptoms. It's an easy gig.
Maybe. What's it to you?
(slamming the door) That little Bastard! He saw the lifts in my shoes. He knows I'm heightening. (to Kramer) This never would have happened if you hadn't pushed me to get those things. I told you.
You don't, you got the same ugly mug since the day I met ya.
There is no break.
Lifts?! Look Kramer you don't understand, this kind of thing is just not done.
Hey Jerry. Where's Kramer? I've got exciting news.
So you can't get Corned Beef?
We'll look like idiots. (They exit)
He doesn't have to say anything, he just has to sit there. I'm playing a detective.
You sure did. Big time.
(quickly with no acting) How long you going to be away for Daddy?
You gave me gonorrhea, you didn't even tell me!
(phone rings, sighs, answers) Hello?
Well just get up there
Aah-choo.
HUAAHHH!!
What does that mean?
All of a sudden.
Yeah, right!. On Prancer, on Dancer, on Donna, on Ethyl, on Harriet.
Ah! (pauses for the hug) Alright (Kramer still holding on) Alright! Kramer! (pushes Kramer off him)
Pleasure.
