I wish, but uh-
[opens the door the Ryan's office, grabs him by the shirt, pulls him out of his chair] Consider it a WUPHF in person. [shoves Ryan down to a chair]
[Michael walks into disarray of people's reactions to the TV going out] Where you been?
Maybe you could go back down there and see if you can find me some extra sick days.
It's not that we don't believe in the company, We don't believe in you.
[to Andy] Take a shot.
Cable's out.
I impressed her with my good ideas.
Are you serious?
Really? 'Cause I think maybe I saw five.
Yeah, you really did. 'Cause I know every INCH of that warehouse.
Thank you.
Oh. Yeah, um, I must have did that when I was in the bathroom.  All right then, uh, let me get to it.
Is it any particular branch of Washington University?
Not at all. There's a way that it can be scheduled. I sketched this out downstairs.
Matt's a pretty good-looking dude, don't you think?
And I'd blow your mind.
So this new computer you found in the warehouse.
I made a suggestion at the meeting that was good. You were there.
The Sabre shipping method could be more efficient. Combining inventory systems makes sense on paper, but printers and paper ship differently. It'll be faster to deliver them separately, instead of waiting on everything to come in.
Wow, so much Asia stuff. I wonder if there's a guy in China right now, looking at a bunch of our stuff.
Look, this is a marketing campgain. You got nine days. Let's say you do get the money. What are you going to do with it?
Not bad, huh?
W.U.P.H.F.
You got this crazy opportunity to get our money back. Tell Mike To Sell.
Now Mike, I have to ask you to leave, so that I can learn about this tiny television.
They only want it for the initials.
Hey! What are you fellas doing up here?
[singing] Moving on up, to the East Side, to the deluxe apartment in the sky...
Andy look, all I know is that if I was a girl, and I had to choose between the tall dude who loved Asia, and the you looking dude who loves sweaters and wearing sweaters... I'd choose you.
Yeah, sell!
What is wrong with you? What happened to you in High School?
I gave up a lot of weekends because I thought it'd be good for my daughter to see a black man as president. Even in a silly home movie. What a stupid waste of time.
