No, nothing here, lets go. (Carol, George and Jerry head for the door. Carol opens it.) Oh, I forgot to tell you. After I talked to you today my neighbour called me and played my messages to me over the phone.
Is she gorgeous? (Elaine and Jerry looking away)
Would you like to come upstairs for some coffee?
(to Jerry) Now I know who you are! Youre a comedian. Ive seen you, its driving me crazy.
Let's take a picture. Michael, get the camera.
That Ralph Fiennes, I would give up my firstborn for him.
You want some funny material, you oughta come down to where I work, now thats a sitcom!
(aloud) You know, I think I will go upstairs. I can check my machine.
Elaine. Elaine, did you just see The English Patient?
(taking Blaine's arm) Come on, Blaine. Let's go.
(to Diane) These are the guys, who turned this place down, can you believe it? (to Jerry, George and Elaine) Diane gave me the greatest backrub today. Shes a masseuse!
Adam (the baby's name), Jerry and Elaine are here.
So, wadda ya' think? Do you love her?
A sitcom? Come on, let's go. (They leave)
So, uh, thanks for dinner. It was great.
Isn't he gorgeous? (Elaine looks at baby, only to be frightened and turn away)
Okay. Lets go, Im ready, whered you park?
Jerry, I can't believe it took you so long to come see the baby. I kept saying to Michael, "When is Jerry going to see the baby?"
Hey! What are you doing here? I thought I was supposed to call you when I got home.
It's in the bottom draw' of are dressa'. Hurry up!  He's such an idiot.
So, Im starving. Where are we gonna eat?
(from the phone; a recorded message) Hi, its Carol, Ill get back to you.
This is George, Elaine and Jerry. These are the guys who got us the apartment.
Well, let me just check my messages, and well go.
The city's a toilet. When's the last time you saw my little Adam?
Well, Ill just check my machine and well go.
Thats what you had to tell me? Your father wears sneakers in the pool?
How are you feeling, Adam? (She sees Elaine in the hall) Elaine! (Elaine enters) This is our pediatrician, Ben Feffa.
Come on, you guys. You can come and see the bay-bee!
...but because it comes out of your baby, it smells good!
And he's very particular. Ben, you're staying tonight, right?
Oh well theres a bathroom in the coffee shop just next door.
Michael, shut the door! You're letting bugs in.
Look at him, Elaine. How gorgeous is he? I ask you, how gorgeous?
Yours were hilarious, we were both cracking up. I just love jokes like that.
No, what for? Ill just give my bag to the doorman.
Oh, the baby's crying. I'll go get him. He can sit with us.
