Ohh.. (Looking at the box) Ori-dent - that electric toothbrush I've heard so much about..
Well I have to be going.
It's booked solid!
And then about four years ago I was on holiday in Tuscany.
Ah, Kramer.
Oh I suppose it's O.K. for Leonard Burnstein to be called Maestro because he conducted the New York Philharmonic. So he gets to be called Maestro and I don't.
It is my very great pleasure. (Kisses Elaine's hand)
Unfortunately those photographs are at home.
Coincidental.
(Recognizing the currently playing song) Ohh, I love this piece. (Turns it up, then pantomimes that he is conducting the instruments)
Elaine? What a surprise.
Oh yeah, I've been at my house in Tuscany.
Well Hello. And who might you be?
Well if you're thinking of getting a place there don't bother. There's really nothing available.
(Sighs slightly) I, uh, think I'll get some air. (Slowly leaves)
Oh yeah?
Got lucky. Come on, Elaine, let's take a ride, I was about to pop in some Verdi.
The houses are passed down from generation to generation, it's very hard.
Ciao.
(Seeing Elaine) Oh!
Well, ya know I am a conductor.
You didn't find one, did you?
(Agreeing to a game) Ah, then I shall be there. And now, Gentlemen, (Making dramatic actions) if you will excuse me - I must prepare for the symphony.
I've seen that man in Tuscany. Eccentric fellow. Reputation of being kind of a village idiot.
You know, I'm sorry but, I didn't mention it earlier but actually I preferred to be called Maestro.
Oh. Love it when that happeneds.
(Making his exit, he lays the charm on Mrs. Costanza) Madame, you have been an extremely gracious hostess. (Kisses her hand)
I happen to know for a fact, that he was called Maestro in social situations. I once saw him at a bar and someone came up to him and said "Hello Maestro, how about a beer". O.K. So that's a fact.
You keep a perfect crease by not sitting in them before the performance.
Beethoven's 7th.
I just wanted to drop off this Chinese balm for your burns. It's supposed to be great stuff. It's all herbal.
(Noticing the expressions) Ohh, my pants. (Begins putting on a near-by pair of pants) It's an old conductor's trick I learned from Leonard Bernstein.
Good question. (to waiter) We'll need a few minutes.
Ohh, what a sweet gesture. And autographed poster of my favorite tenor, with.. those two other guys. Oh, Elaine, this is magnifico!
It's nothing.
Fine.
