Jerry we don't care much for the Costanzas'.
(to Aaron) It was so nice of you to come to the airport to see us off.
Well, also, Jerry, we read an article in the Sun Sentinel. (digs in her purse and extracts a newspaper clipping) It says standup comedy is not what it used to be, what with def jam and all.
She was flirting with you. Why didn't you say something?
I know his wife. She has some mouth on her. She'll tell everyone in the condo now that you made him give you the pen. They're talking about it right now. (again we see Elaine smiling at their argument)
I want to know what you did to this guy that he's after you.
I have no use for either one of them. I don't even want them there tonight. (she still has the pocketbook in her hands)
Well, I think shes a very attractive girl.
Jerry, you know, I hear wonderful things about Bloomingdales' executive training program.
Hello? Oh hello Gussy. What? Jerry wouldn't do that. Jack gave it to him. All he said was he liked it. I mean nobody put a gun to his head. (to Jerry) You're giving him back that pen. (She continues the discussion with Gussy but we don't hear it.)
You're a comedian, couldn't you come up with something?
Jerry, look at this sport jacket. Is this a jacket to wear to an anniversary party?
Yknow, Jerry, we dont have to do this.
What do you have to go scuba diving for?
I dont want you betting. Morty, dont let him bet.
The least you could have done was heard your diagnosis.
Kramer called, he told that you were in a hospital.
I'm up at 6 o'clock in the morning.
I'll see. (indicating the couch) Have a seat. That's a lovely scarf you're wearing. Where did you get it?
You know, you should give Manya a call.
How are you gonna get all this done in time?
He was getting along so well with that woman, what happened?
Alright, (sitting on the couch) we'll wait. (pointedly) But it's unheard of.
Why would they? Know body bought them then.
Jerry, that shirt is gone right to his head.
I told you we shouldn't have let him give us the car.
And so much personality! But, it doesn't matter what we think. Do you like her?
Morty, doesn't that watch look like the one that we gave Jerry.
Well, she's 10 times better than that awful Amber girl that you were with.
(sympathy) Oh, that's terrible. They stole a rye? Why would they steal a rye?
I dont have a dress to wear. (to Morty) And you. You dont have anything.
This is so exciting. When are you going to sign the contract?
No, it isn't! it's not true. You're a wonderful, wonderful boy. Everybody likes you. It's impossible not to like you. Impossible. Morty?
That's it. I'm gonna to send you fifty dollars.
I guarantee you Doris is not letting him mail those boxes.
It was a crime of passion. Leave it alone.
I hope you packed enough - this trial could last for weeks.
He calls every week. Are you all right?
Sometimes your father forgets, so I have to steal them.
You don't think he minds us staying here, do you?
Enough with the comedy! You're very clever, you should look into advertising.
(coming into the condo) Have you read today's Boca Breeze?
I don't wanna worry him. We'll tell him next time we go up.
You know, you cant be so particular. Nobodys perfect.
It's from the Saks Fifth Avenue in Miami.
Oh, get out of here Mister Big Shot.
Well, he said no. He said we had no proof.
We have to make the flight, we're with a charter group. If we don't the trip is off.
Morty. (asking him to back her. He doesn't)
Ah, how 'bout a cup of coffee or something?
Bum bum bum bum... I have no letters... Bum bum bum bum...
You shouldn't have said anything. What did you expect him to do? (the camera shows Elaine shaking her head at their dispute)
(laughing hypocritically till Stella walks away) I hate her like poison.
Yes. (to Jerry) Oh, your father bought a exercise device off the television. He does it every morning at four.
(hits Morty) Idiot. (to Jerry) So whore you looking for, Sophia Loren?
So youve got him standing by the elevator like a dope! What happens when he sees her?
Why did you leave your wallet in your pants?
(like Jerry) Hello, Newman. Jerry's not here. (goes to shut the door on him)
That's why we joined a program. We walk once around the block three times a week.
If you don't think she's beautiful, there's something wrong with you.
Don't sleep in there. You can you use the bedroom.
Oh, hi Jerry. Mrs Choate, (indicating) this is my son, Jerry.
At least come and say hello, have a cup of coffee, then youll leave.
He talks about it all the time. Every time he takes it out he goes on and on about how it writes upside down, how the astronauts use it.
They're right in front of you! Oh, for heaven's sakes... (She puts the phone down on the couch and goes to help Morty.) Show you...
Morty, do you here this? Some crazy guy is after Jerry.
I hear the fella owns a couple of racehorses. You know, trotters, like at Yonkers.
Well they're so loud, they're always fighting it's uncomfortable, you never notice?
(looking at Jerry while being overly hugged by Aaron) We'll call you when we get home.
He likes it. He says he misses that more that anything.
What am I gonna do in the bathroom?
Jerry, it was so nice of you to come down here on your father's birthday. You've helped take his mind off the condo elections.
It's nice being back at Leo's Jerry's place was too small.
(shouting as she imitates Marlon Brando) STELLA! STELLA!
It's a very nice gesture Jerry, but take it back.
Doesn't - doesn't like you? How could that be?
(to Kramer) Why did you make me put that down?
I hope you didn't spend too much on that.
(glancing at her watch) Oh, right, let's go. Jerry, let's go, it's time to eat. We're going to dinner.
Where can I buy some ice? Your father likes a lot of ice.
Jerry, I'm your mother, now what is it?
Oh, come in, come in. May I take your coat.
(running after him) Oh, I'll get your electric blanket!
Just a second, I have to go to the bathroom.
You have so many nice jackets. I dont know why you had to bring this jacket. Who wears a jacket like this? Whats wrong with that nice gray one? You have beautiful clothes. They sit in your closet. Morty, you cant wear this!
And didn't the three hours go by just like that (snaps her fingers)
I should drop dead if she's not beautiful.
We don't have any feta. How about cottage cheese and Egg Beaters?
What did you think about the black and white?
Well, what am I gonna do it in?
I don't know why you had to rent a car. We would have picked you up.
Is she there? Can we talk to her? What's her name?
If you were using it, we wouldn't use it.
We're sending you fifty dollars! Morty, get me an envelope.
Yeah, I know. His phlebitis is acting up.
I can't believe that you're doing all this just to sell some stupid raincoats.
(walking after Morty) You're not sleeping in that shirt. It's too tight.
They're exhausting it's like being in an Asylum.
Thursday morning? You know we're leaving at three o'clock.
We got it from Sullivan's. It's a good store.
So what's the matter with this Devola guy?
Well I'll ask him when he gets up.
(to Jerry, happily) So we have you for five more days!
Jerry, you really have to take better care of yourself. We bought you some session with a personal trainer.
Well, we could, but we wanted the bulkhead.
(to Jerry) I told you to let us sleep in there.
This is a big thing for him. Outgoing president of the condo association.
No, why should we take over your apartment?
I'm worried. What happens if we have to support Jerry?
What does Ted Danson have to do with it?
Oh, three more days, three more days then we're off to Paris.
How could you still see her if your not interested?
Maybe we should have her over for coffee, and explain our side of it?
Doesn't like you? How could anyone not like you?
Well you're lucky he was able to get you this appointment. You know what the waiting list is for this guy?
She just had a check-up. The doctor said she was fine. Unless...
She's so sweet, and she's got some body on her!
You know your father wouldn't say so but he's really glad you came.
Jerry, he won't last a day in prison.
Well, actually, Jerry, we wanted to talk to you about something.
Of course, they're giving a testimonial for your father. You could do your comic routines.
(accusing) How could you do that to Mr Mandelbaum? You should be ashamed of yourself.
I can see if there was a weight problem...
(looking by the window) They were supposed to be here at 730. Call the airlines again.
But this is sofa bed, you'll be uncomfortable.
Wonderful, we went to the theater last night.
Theyll be here at two oclock. Oh, Elaine called. She said shed be here at two-thirty. And she says Hope your meeting went well with Art Vandelay?
You came all the way from Florida to see him.
Morty, what d'you have to open this box for? (waving at another box) There's already a box of cookies open.
Oh you have to go you have to
Oh! my god, Morty lets go, this is too nice.
(admonishing) No, he never heard you. (prods Morty's back) I told you he didn't hear you.
What do you have to go underwater for? What's down there that's so special?
You wanna drive a Cadillac? Expect to pay the consequences.
(looking at Morty) Uh oh I don't think we think we can make it tonight, (turns toward George) we have plans.
Jerry, (asking Jerry to go in the kitchen so Elaine won't hear) Jerry. You don't have to stay on the couch on my account. The two of you could stay in there together.
Oh, I could uh-- Should I use a coffee cup?
It was good that the two of you came. It was a nice gesture.
That watch was a gift. You shouldn't have to pay for it.
To what do we owe this great honour?
You're gonna first start shipping boxes? We're leaving for Paris in three days.
What ever happened with NBC and the deal?
So? Youre not obligated. Go play in your game.
I told you it was good. (hands Kramer the lotion)
You know, I spoke to Manya and Isaac on the phone today. They invited you again. I think you should go.
(as soon as the door's closed) What did you take his pen for?
Hello?... Yes, I know... Well, its just one of those things... Sure, sure, well see you then.
Because you made such a big fuss about it.
I don't even know how to work it.
