Yeah. Well, lets hurry up and eat I gotta get out of here. Im meeting a woman for a drink.
Hey! Hey! (he runs out the door after Simon; from outside) Come Here You!
Great. I've been working out. Went from a size 40, to a 42.
I told you Mendys had the best pea soup. The best Jerry, the best. Are you enjoying it?
This guy makes the best soup in the city, Jerry. The best. You know what they call him? Soup Nazi.
Thank you, thank you, (To Jerry) Hey, Jerry, did ya see me up there? I was killing, Jerry. Killing. I killed.
All right. Ill leave you alone. (turns and walks out the door)
Puke? That's a funny word. Can I use that?
(looking at the ticket then quickly looks up at Jerry) You trying to get out of Mendys? you cant do that.
Maybe she's right. Maybe I am a complete hack. I'm the absolute worst. The worst, Jerry.
Yeah, Im huge (ducks his head into his right shoulder with false modesty) Well, Ill leave you guys alone. (raps his knuckle twice on the table, turns and walks away)
Hey, I give you a brand-new Armani suit, and you won't even buy me a meal?
Ill drop it off. (raps his knuckle twice on the table again, turns and walks away)
You think you can give me a hand with my material?
Ah youre gonna love it. Ill meet you there around 700.
It's hard for me to find pants that --
You're supposed to buy me dinner in a nice restaurant, like Mendys.
You know, I was thinking if you're not busy, maybe I can get my meal today?
Hey (holds the Armani suit up) Here you go. (walks into the apt.)
What are you talking about? this isn't a meal.
Oh. Jerry, You know what just hit me? I was thinking -- What size suit are you?
You didnt think I was really going to give you a suit, did you?
Listen Jerry, I've been doing some thinking. I want my suit back.
42, That's what I am now. I've been working out, Im huge. How'd you like to sell it?
I start off with curls. That's good for the bicep. (motions with 2 fingers along his right bicep) I do 10 reps, 2 sets.
Aw, it's gold, Jerry! Gold! I got all these corporate gigs and even Cynthia took me back.
Im looking for a new suit. I cant find anything I like. That's a nice suit. (admiring Kramers suit)
Yeah. You buy me a meal -- you can't get a better deal than that (pats Jerry on the shoulder)
How about that Jerry? First you had a pilot on NBC and now I'll have one. Looks like I'm following you again.
Kramer, I want my money back for this suit. You're nancy-boy cream leaked all over the pockets -- Suits ruined.
Oh come on. Why should it just sit in the closet?
Wait till you try the swordfish. You know Jerry, I was thinking. For our next meal, do you think we should come here ... or should we go someplace else? You know it has it's pros and cons. On the one hand, here, you're guaranteed a great meal. On the other hand --
Well all you gotta do is tell Kramer to give me my money back, and you'll get your ticket.
I just got a brand new Armani suit -- doesn't fit me anymore. You want it?
Killed. (pause) I'm gonna go pick up some chicks. Good-looking ones, too! (walking away) Hey, what's your name?
Ahh, you know what I think. Im just going to have soup. Yeah, Ill save the meal for another time.
Some woman named Uma. I got her number off of that ticket before it was smudged. Hope she's good-looking. (crosses his fingers in the air)
Ill tell you what -- you can take me out to dinner sometime.
I just stopped by to thank you. That risk management stuff you wrote for me? It's killer!
I had a hot dog earlier. Im not that hungry.
Ok, Ill have tomato soup and ah, tuna on toast.
Ah, soup and a sandwich for a brand-new Armani suit. Is that any kind of gesture? (turns to George)
(reading) Why do they call it Ovaltine? The mug is round. The jar is round. They should call it round tine. That's gold, Jerry! Gold!
Hey, Jerry!! How's it going?! You gonna join us for dinner? The duck here's the best. The best, Jerry.
OH! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Can I squeeze in? (to George)
