Maybe I'll stick around and see what she's wearing today. Or not wearing, if you know what I mean.
Yeah, it's from China. Go ahead, try a piece. Tell me that's not the most delicious gum you've ever tasted.
(Ringing the sale bell) Another sale, Mr. Costanza. Chalk me up on the big board.
Ooh! I asked Mr. Dinkins if he knew any good orthopedists, and he said he had the best. (hands George the Doctor's card) So, I made an appointment for you. Dr. Dekter.
Hey gum-buddy. Nice frames. You ready to go?
Well, that's great. (grabs the card back from Frank and hands it to George again) And, uh, I'll be very interested to hear the diagnosis.
Kramer tell you? We reserved some special seats, so we can all sit together.
Well, I was just in the neighborhood visiting my mother so I thought I'd drop by and say, "Hello".
You sure did. Am I crazy, or is that a lotta gum?
Whoah, Elaine! Once again, you've managed to top yourself. C'mon Jerry, let's go. Car's out front.
So, I hear you're living back home now, is it?
Well, it was very nice seeing you again.
Yeah, yeah. It's coming right down to the wire.
She is. She is. How about giving me her number?
Oh, um, by the way, who was that gorgeous woman I saw you with the other day?
Ah, tell you what, they're expecting us though. Lemme just grab a hotdog here.
I uh ran into George yesterday in the city.
(climbing out of the car) I'll be back.
George, would you mind. I'm kind of in a hurry.
(Handing Frank coffee) Morning, George. Two cream, no sugar.
We've really gotta get that Elaine a boyfriend.
Well, I'm really sorry I gotta run now. (sets down his cup of yogurt and makes his way out) Well, take it easy, huh, George?
You know, you should tell your dad that 'serenity now' thing doesn't work. It just bottles up the anger, and eventually, you blow.
Actually, the importer's right in Chinatown. I'll introduce you to him, you can get it whenever you want.
Hi Jerry. Got some more of that gum.
That was odd. Am I crazy, or does Jerry not wear glasses?
(to Jerry) She was practically undressing in front of me at the theatre.
Oh, great. (nudges George on the chin) Thanks a lot!
Oh, his arm moves like this. (does the nudging motion)
