I've looked at your X-rays.
Uh huh. Yes, well, I'm going to have to be perfectly honest with you.
He, um. He's not going to be the same, you know?
Mr. Costanza. ..your legs have sustained extensive trauma. Apparently your body was in the state of advanced atrophy, due to a period of extreme inactivity. But with a lot of hard work and a little bit of luck, I think there's a good chance you may, one day, walk again.
Wait a minute, she's coming out of the coma.
Yes , of course.
Hmm. Looks like a minor concussion. Let me see what I can do to relieve the swelling.
Elaine, Im used to it. Im a doctor.
(In a hurry) Oh, your friend's fine. He didn't have a heart attack. I'll be in - in a few minutes.
Excuse me , Are you the husband?
What?
Anyway, I strongly recommend they come out.
Now we'll open the peritoneal cavity, exposing the body's internal organs. Nurse-- retractor.
No of course not. People ask me medical questions all the time.
..The tongue.. yes, the tongue.. or, in medical terms, the glossa. It's a muscular organ.. Consists of two parts.. the body, and the root.. You see, it's covered by this mucous membrane.. These little raised projections are the papillae, which give it that furry appearance. Very tactile..
Well, I wouldn't go that far.
Ummm... Are you planning to start a family?
Y'know... I don't want to totally discount the emotional element in your recovery but, I think there were other factors at play here.
A-hu. (The doctor is at a loss)
Ah. I'm Doctor Cooperman. I just want you to know that this won't take long. And he's going to be fine.
Well that report was about *one* very specific type of retractor and I can assure you we do not use that retractor in your friend's procedure.
All rightly. Let me just review your history before we begin.
Hmm-hm. Your home, Mister Costanza. Just make sure he gets his medicine six times a day and keep his tail elevated. (exits)
I said, good-bye.
I just wanted to stop by -- see if you had any questions about tomorrow's operation.
You see, taste buds run on grooves along the surfaces.
First thing you should wear boxer shorts.
No, actually, we'd like to keep him here overnight for observation, just to be safe.
Those can be very refreshing.
Elaine. You shouldn't be reading that. So tell me about this rash of yours.
The results of your sperm test are in.
Okay. Let's take a look. Well that doesn't look to serious. You'll be fine.
May I suggest the possibility that you're faking?
(Lets go) Oh, sorry.
(To Elaine) Uh, hello. (To George) Uh, Mr. Costanza?
(Thinking to himself) "Fungicide"? Fungus?
That's interesting. Because, no one in my family has their tonsils, and we were forbidden to socialize with tonsil people.
I was going to kiss you good night.
All the time. Ya have to get off Jockeys right away.
Tell you what. You're obviously concerned about your friend's welfare. A few of my students will be observing tomorrow's operation from the viewing gallery. How would you like to watch it with them?
And you simply haven't had a heart attack.
No, not really.
Well Elaine you really didn't have to put on the gown.
Huh?
A biopsy.
Well I don't know what it is.
Oh uh, wheres the bathroom?
Well its my fault. I got a little defensive.
Yes, I'm afraid you're a little low.
Think about it. (Turns to leave, but runs into Elaine) Excuse me.
Mrs Allbright, can you hear me? Are you okay?
Have you ever had your tonsils taken out?
Yes. With a knife. You know, snip, snip. Anyway, you'd be completely under, you wouldn't feel a thing. And when you wake up, you can have some ice cream.
From your last doctor. It's a standard procedure.
No. Fortunately, the special tiny instruments arrived just in time. Would you like to visit him?
Oh yeah. Yeah. I've never seen this before.
I'm gonna have to take a biopsy on that. (George grabs the doctor's arm)
Which one is the son?
Saying what?
Well, they've grown back. Your adenoids are swollen too.
There's been massive trauma. We could of course try to save him but, it would be costly, difficult and we'd have to send away for some special really tiny instruments.
Hi Roy.
It happens.
Are you asking because you saw "20/20" last night?
One more thing Mister Costanza, we just need to know what time you'll be picking him up tomorrow.
Well that was a long time ago. How about if I just erase it. Now about that rash......
She expired.
I'll need a urine sample.
We found traces of a certain toxic adhesive commonly found in very low priced envelopes.
Well, we looked at your EKG's, ran some tests, did a complete work-up.
We, could put him to sleep.
We have to...
I've examined you.
Well George, your vision is quite impaired. If you'll just sign this insurance form, here's a pen.
Well it's by the pound. So ... about 80 cents.
I don't know what kind of a person would do something like that. Obviously a very sick person. A very immature person. A person who has no regard for wasting other people's valuable time. Good-bye.
Oh, we're discharging the squirrel. We think he'll be better off at home.
Ah--that's not necessarily true.
I went to podiatry school because I like feet. I chose to work with feet.
Yeah.
Its my favorite toe.
I have no medical evidence to back me up but, something happened during the operation that staved off that infection. Something beyond science. Something perhaps, from above...
Nothing, that would indicate involuntary spasms.
That's probably what did it.
She's too weak to talk but she'll be happy to hear your voice.
