No you're not! Hoochie mama! Hoochie mama!
Blow out the candles!!
We gotta get out of here. We want to beat the traffic.
(Sensing the game is going to last a long time) Oh boy.
They made a derogatory comment about me.
And at the Festivus dinner, you gather your family around, and you tell them all the ways they have disappointed you over the past year.
You still need a cook?
(examining mail) This stack should be bigger, where's the TV Guide?
Where am I supposed to sleep?
Let's do it then! Festivus is back! I'll get the pole out of the crawl space. (Turns to leave, meets up with Elaine)
I couldn't because I had a potential foot problem.
Thank you, Kramer.
Manssierre!
Costanza, you're white hot!
How long it takes to find a bra? What's going on in there? You ask me to get a pair of underwear, I'm back in two seconds...you know about the uh cup sizes and all? They have different cups.
How could you give twelve million dollars to Hideki Irabu?!
(Yelling out) You don't know that! (Estelle leaves, slamming the door) We're gonna go see him, huh?
Your mother changed her mind... (tries to catch a fly with his hand)
I once talked to the reverend Yung Son Moon. He bought two Jesus statues from me. He's a hell of a nice guy.
Aw, they didn't forget to put it out! It's deliberate! Deliberate, I tell ya!
Elaine took it?
Like an animal. Because of her, I have to sit here like an animal! Serenity now! Serenity now!
Yeah, we worked it out.
What the hell does that mean?
His name was Carlo Costanza. We played together everyday until I was four. If I could just look through your photographs, maybe I could recognize him.
What do you mean stole? It's my bread. They didn't eat it. Why should I leave it there?
I went too far. I over seasoned it. Men were keeling over all around me. I can still hear the retching, the screaming. I sent sixteen of my own men to the latrines that night. They were just boys.
They didn't say hello?
No! We have to go to Schnitzer's! I'll show these people something about taste!
George, you're forgetting how much Festivus has meant to us all. I brought one of the casette tapes. (Franks pushes play, George as a child celebrating Festivus is heard)
Get out of here! Lycra-spandex?
It's a Coupe de Elegance.
Anyway, I want you to pick up this big screen TV, and deliver it to her.
George, open the door.
Wait. Is this the group that goes around mutilating squirrels?
Okay, where's my boy?
Would you believe when I was 18, I had a ssssilver dollar collection?
You want me to wear a bra?!
That's another one of my shirts!!
Tommy Tune is a very good dancer. (hits George on the head with what seems to be the tvguide) You ever see Tommy Tune dance?
Hey, Braun, Costanza's kicking your butt!
Of course. Sid Farkus. He's the best in the business.
George, as you may be aware, your mother and I are not moving to Del Boca Vista, Florida.
Well, we got to get moving.
You mentioned George's name to Mayor Dinkins? You discussed George with the mayor of New York?
(taking the packet) What is this? (accusingly to George) A prophylactic wrapper?!
Getting an eye job like some Manhattanite, huh?
No. No, I'll never cook again! Never! Now get out of my house!! Get out. Go.
A woman? What are you out of your mind?
He's gonna see it.
In my mind, there's a war still going on.
What are you wearing, an athletic sweat suit?
(Interested) There's a Costanza in Tuscany? (Elaine nods) Did he look like me? Did you talk to him?
They don't want us there, so we're going. We're moving right into Del Boca Vista!
George? This is a surprise. (Looking at Kruger) Who's the suit?
Today, I went record shopping in Greenwich Village. I bought this record, but I can't seem to find the hi-fi.
Assman? I'll get him, Assman!
Didn't I give you my old record player?
The man on the tape wasn't specific.
(anger) You wanna go out with my wife?! (rage) Where do you get the nerve to ask me something like that?!
And I can breathe easier, too.
You're not the only one improving yourself. I worked out with a dumbbell yesterday. I feel *vigorous*.
You wanna bet? Serenity now, serenity now!
We're cuttin' you lose.
How are you doing, Lloyd? I hear you're a big advisor for Dinkins now.
Oh baby-doll, this kid's going places, I told you.
I'm missing TV Guide volume forty-one, number thirty-one.
(Drawing a zero under George's name) This is your lagging. Good work, Braun.
You sayin' you want a piece of me?
I had an affair with a Korean woman.
No, bro's no good. Too ethnic.
Why do you need all that ketchup for?
In a car, with my wife. He stopped short. You think I don't know what that's about? That's my old move! I used it on Estelle forty years ago! I told everybody about it! Everybody knows! (Demonstrates) Hmmph! I stopped short.
He stopped short? That's my move. I'm gonna kill him!
Tommy Tune is very tall. That helps. It makes him lankier.
Is there anything wrong with getting a receipt at a toll booth?
I wiped them for two minutes on the mat. I don't know why your father had to make a federal case out of it.
Eight years have I had this car. Not a scratch on it! Eight years!
And who doesn't serve cake after a meal? What kind of people? Would it kill them to put out a pound cake? Something!
(grabbing the card) Hey, Mayor Dinkins set this up for you. You know what kind of a doctor this must be if Dinkins knows him?
What is this thing anyway?
2 o'clock.
Well, it wouldn't hurt to go in the and be able to discuss it intelligently. Maybe you should take a look at a few bras? (to Estelle) Where is you bra? Give him a bra to look.
You don't even know what they're made from.
(to Kramer) That's what we figured, huh?
It's cruise wear!
This is the best Festivus ever!
How do you know what kind of ties they wear?
Well what difference does it make? They wouldn't lie to us, they're are dear friends.
Youve been in there an hour.
Many Christmases ago, I went to buy a doll for my son. I reach for the last one they had - but so did another man. As I rained blows opon him, I realized there had to be another way!
No, I brought it in. They never put it out.
Ya got T-Fal?
It's a little unnatural, but I think I'm getting the hang of it.
That's my cabana shirt, you stole my shirt you son of a bitch! (really fast) George you let your friends go up in my attic and steal my clothes? (grabbing at the shirt) Gimme that back
(confidential) Estelle's got the (jerks his elbow) jimmy arms.
I'm the father.
Jerry, it's Frank Costanza, Mr. Steinbrenners here, George is dead, call me back!
You don't need glasses, you're just weak! You're weak!
Okay, that's it! I'm not coming home!
Where's the mail?
You're not kidding it's a good move!
They're not coming?
(putting down the bowl) Lemme change my shirt.
You're late again, Costanza, so listen up. Starting tonight, we're having a little sales contest. The loser gets fired, the winner gets a Waterpik.
First Kramer, then Elaine?
What's the matter with this tie? I've hardly worn it.
Moths, ate three boxes?
Oh, thank you, Sid, but that's all in the past. I'm ready to move on.
(to George, pointing) I knew it was Elaine!!
Yes?
Let me see it.
You smothered! He couldn't get any air! He couldn't breathe! He was suffocating!
You were having sex on our bed?!
Except, we gotta do something about the name.
(Yelling to Estelle as she leaves)I don't know what the big problem is getting a bra?!
Well... thank you very much!
I got things to do, too.
So, I was wondering, would it be okay if I turned your room into a billiard parlor?
He's crazy. His phone wasn't even hooked up. He just liked ringing that bell.
Two months ago, I saw a provocative movie on cable TV. It was called The Net, with that girl from the bus. I did a little reading, and I realize, it wasn't that farfetched.
So, we're blowing it all.
Those. I've been saving those from the beginning.
Kim?
(Walking toward the doll) Ridiculous?! I'll show you ridiculous! (Struggles with Susan for possession of the doll) Come here!
(Holding up the picture) Take a look at this. Doesn't that look like my flesh and blood? Of course, your mother- (His attention is drawn over to Susan's doll. Like George did earlier, he starts to imagine that the doll is scolding him as his wife would)
(looks down, and indicates his chest) Up here?
Ever see that face on him? Like a Biiig apple pie.
That's right. That's me on the left.
How can I go on a cruise with out my cabana wear? I love those, those clothes. (Looks down yells) AH! (jumps out of his chair) A mouse! I saw a mouse! (takes off into another room with glass doors on it and shuts the door)
Are you telling me there's not one condo available in all of Del Boca Vista?
Yeah. I'll take some.
Well it sucks.
(Trying to concentrate) Yes, It's, uh, it's.. uh, uh.. What do you call it, Kramer?
Where's the powdered sugar?
Let me see it.
Jerry, how come you didn't say hello to me the other day, huh?!
Gnats, too. If I'm not mistaken.
You sold my clothes (smacks George on the forehead) what do you mean you sold my clothes?
(anger) But, the very idea. you had me lying in urine!!
It was destroyed. But out of that, a new holiday was born. "A Festivus for the rest of us!"
(Looks up) Where's that breeze coming from?
(Holding out the head in his hand, he addresses it) There! Now what have you got to say for yourself?!
I don't know what you mean.
How did you know?
The Maestro? What Maestro?
Let's forget about it. We're going on a beautiful vacation. (sits down in his chair)
I don't like this waiter. (Holds up his hand to get the waiters attention - starts snapping) Look at him.. He sees us.. he doesn't want to come over.
Queens is full of mosquitoes.
You were the one who smothered him.
Definitely velcro.
I like mansiere.
You single-handedly brought Costanza and Son to the brink of bankruptcy.
Don't get in trouble with the Yankees. You be nice. (Slaps George's forehead)
This feels very comfortable.
Don't Frank me! I know what you did. How dare you stop short with my wife!
No one is touching my feet. Between you and me, Elaine, I think I've got a foot odour problem.
That's perverse.
Are you trying to keep us out of Del Boca Vista?!
With whom?
A beautiful Mercury! I special-ordered that bench seat!
Who's this Rudy?
He's not family. It's different, psychologically.
She was.
Hmm, that's surprising. All right, what else? You got the cups in the front, two loops in the back. All right, a guess that's about it.
Why wouldn't they like us? (tastes the Paella; disgusted) Again with the pepper? What do you gotta use all the pepper for?
Order a hot dish.
Now, George, what do you want to know about your childhood?
It's like some kind of aaaaa (snapping his fingers) spasm.
I'm not saying go to the library and read the whole history, but it wouldn't kill you to know a little bit about it.
I know what you're saying, and I know what you're thinking!!
He was my lawyer.
(anger) Sid Farkus?! You're not having dinner with a bra salesman.
You got the A, the B, the C and the D. That's the biggest.
I still say we're related.
(looking from the room; you can see him through the glass) Where the hell are my clothes? I love those clothes.
It's Carlo. I found him!
Hey George, what d'you like better? The bro, or the mansiere?
If you want the leg room, say you want the leg room! Don't blame the mechanism!
(looks to Estelle) She had problems. (Estelle nods) Internal.
Tell that to Bobby Colby. All that kid wanted to do was go home. Well he went home alright, with a crater in his colon the size of a cutlet. Had to sit him on a cork the eighteen-hour flight home!
(examining magazine) What is this? You got stains all over it! What the hell'd you do?
You never mentioned them to me!
It's a slap in the face.
This is a place of business. I told you never to come in here. Serenity now!
Who's Rudy? What clothes?
(on TV) You step on it and it flushes.
You come here.
I bet that collection would be worth a lot of money today. (does a form of magic trick making the coin disappear as he shows George an empty hand)
And it was safe.
They don't nap. They make it their home. They urinate in there!
We had some good times.
(hanging up) Sorry, George, our Chinese food just came. Talk to you later.
No breaks. I fell reborn, I'm like a Phoenix rising from Arizona.
We're having an upscale dinner.
Kramer made a pass at you? You're crazy.
(shouting) You have no eye for fashion!!!
How 'bout uh... the mansiere?
Yes, I do. That's why I got a secret weapon... my son.
Serenity now!
But you see my point here? You only hear of a hen, a rooster and a chicken. Something's missing!
What the hell did you trade Jay Buener for?!? He had 30 home runs, and over 100 RBIs last year. He's got a rocket for an arm - - you don't know what the hell you're doin'!!
That's right. A brassiere for a man. The mansiere, get it?
...You can have the hi-fi. (hands it over) I don't need it now...
Have you seen the pole, Kruger?
I'm sure she's pretty gorgeous.
Blow out the candles! Blow out the candles, I said! Blow out the damn candles!
What are you trying to set my mouth on fire?
Where the hell is my paper?
That's what my life is worth to him? Twenty-five dollars.
Why not?
What you saw in that van was a natural expression of a man's love for his lady.
Apparently, it wasn't good enough for them to serve.
Between you and me I think your country is placing a lot of importance on shoe removal.
I got no leg room back here. Move your seat forward.
(coming away from the window) I saw a bum sleeping in a Cadillac the other day.
It's made from aluminum. Very high strength-to-weight ratio.
He said I was dead?
Here, Cosmo...
(Yelling) That's not a booth!
(indicating a chair) Put it over there.
Gamebird?
Not any more! Gimme that spatula! I'm back, baby!
To a woman?
Serenity now!
Wanna bet? How much you wanna bet?
Get the hell out of here. He's getting married?
This is your dressing room? They treat you like Toscanini.
No! Follow me.
(shouting) How could you let her take the TV Guide?!
Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to make love to your mother.
I feel ten years younger.
Oh, you trying to unload some of that junk of yours?
You can look for sneakers the next day!
I fell on some Fusilli.
My George isn't clever enough to hatch a scheme like this.
(angry) Your mother has to tell you every move I make?!
(Cutting him off) Don't bring me down. (To Elaine) Do you have another copy of that photo?
Who put you up to this, was it her?
(standing) That's it, we're going back to Queens. (claps hands) Where's my hat?
What my wife is trying to say is that this is supposed to be our time.
No. That's why I can never be president.. It always irked me. That's why, even at an early age, I had no interest in politics. I refuse to vote. (Yelling out) They don't want me, I don't want them!
Without the writing, you have nothing. You're the ones that make them look good.
How hard could it be to kill this thing?
I just don't understand how all those clothes can disappear.
How'd you get yours?
It's too late. We bought a condo at Del Boca Vista. We're leaving tonight.
No, I feel I need to unburden myself. I loved her very deeply. But the clash of cultures was too much. Her family would not accept me.
Ya know what I like about Manhattan? There's no mosquitoes.
Will you stop it?
Take my swim trunks. I won't need them.
What?
Absolutely. No one tells Frank Costanza what to do!
My clothes don't have moths!
(shouting) And she's not welcome in this house!
The nerve of that woman. Walking into my house, stealing my collectible!
Would you leave him alone? You'll shatter his confidence!
Kasha?
(disbelief) You had me sleeping on a pee-stained couch?
(from other room) I never seen people treated like this!
Let's do it!
You think you could keep us out of Florida? We're moving in lock, stock and barrel. We're gonna be in the pool. We're gonna be in the clubhouse. We're gonna be all over that shuffleboard court! And I dare you to keep me out!
But I can't find any vacation clothes. They were in the attic.
(To George) Quiet, you'll get yours in a minute. Kruger, you couldn't smooth a silk sheet if you had a hot date with a babe.. I lost my train of thought.
Yeah. So what?
All right! All right!
It was a million to one shot, Doc. Million to one.
What is that, like a little chicken?
Huh?
Inchon, Korea, 1950. I was the best cook Uncle Sam ever saw, slinging hash for the Fighting 103rd. As we marched north, our supply lines were getting thin. One day a couple of GIs found a crate, inside were six hundred pounds of prime Texas steer. At least it once was prime. The Use date was three weeks past, but I was arrogant, I was brash, I thought if I used just the right spices, cooked it long enough...
Eight ball.
What stain?
What about your side? Your cousin Hennie. (animated) She was sickly from the moment I met her!
Manssierre! You...!
George, we've had it with you. Understand? We love you like a son, but even parents have limits.
Your arm moves like this? (does the nudging motion)
What do you mean? Like, you - you hunt it?
Hey! Hey! Come on! Come on! I haven't seen it yet.
Maybe it was your fault. It wasn't my fault. I can tell you that.
(Taking off his sweater) Let's rumble!
Thirty years ago, we came to an agreement. It was the only way I could get some rest.
What do you mean you felt the material? What, with your fingers like this?
I will not tolerate infestation.
(shouting and clapping hands in anger) How could Jerry not say Hello?!!
(claps his hands) You can drop a grand in Disneyworld, like that.
(To Estelle) he knows the Maestro. He could have the picture..
Read that poem.
Yeah? ...oh really?...oh... how about that?... Right down a hill huh? Okay! Alight! Bye!
Welcome, new comers. The tradition of Festivus begins with the airing of grievances. I got a lot of problems with you people! And now you're gonna hear about it! You, Kruger. My son tells me your company stinks!
Who is this?
Tired.
Regulation table, the hi-fi, maybe even a bar.. Give it real authenticity..
I'm retracting that it was ever offered.
That shirt, where'd you get that shirt?
You know, the corkscrew pasta. It was a Fusilli Jerry. It got stuck in me. Had to go to the proctologist.
Can I talk to her, please?
He took it back? Didn't you tell him I was using it?
My computers. I've been selling them for two months now. Shut up!
I gotta get that picture - it could be my cousin, Carlo.
Yeah.
Or, the mansiere.
Morty Seinfeld? He's a bum.
I'll take a manicure. I don't take my shoes off for anyone.
Doctor gave me a relaxation cassette. When my blood pressure gets too high, the man on the tape tells me to say, 'Serenity now!'
Take a look.
They couldn't just say hello?!... Oh, to hell with them.
You're supposed to your face there! Do you see your face in there?
(yelling) That's my TV Guide! Ripped to shreds! She gave that to you?!
Youre not performing any rituals in this house.
So I, I talked to Phil Casacof today.
Not really.
Alright, George. It's time for the feats of strength.
It's him! (Standing up) It's Carlo Costanza!
Cosmo? Who's Cosmo?
Elaine, I can see, not sayin' hello. She's very--what's the word--uh, supercilious.
I'm sitting at home, reading a periodical, and this is the call I get? My son is a bootlegger? (He hits George in the head)
THAT'S BECAUSE IT'S MINE!!
I just hope those exterminators know what they're doing.
Okay, THAT'S IT! "oki on awa" Where's my tail? I heard every word you said. You got some nerve.
(Complaining) I can't make anything..
Follow through? What do you mean?
So, what am I supposed to say?
Why should they go to waste?!?
Because I'm looking for him. That's why. He stopped short.
Im calling my lawyer. It might not be too late to get out of this.
George, forget about the shoes. Want you to do something for me (scribbles something on a piece of paper). This handicapped woman had an accident. Somebody gave her a used wheelchair with defective brakes.
Oh, I just want to you know I'm retracting our dinner invitation.
It's dry.
Maybe it was because I refused to take off my shoes. Again, the foot odour problem. Her father would look at me and say, " eno enoa juang ". Which means, "this guy - this is not my kind of guy".
He's very independent; he doesn't follow the trends.
What's that?
Maybe?
Let's begin.
I don't think it's so bad. People should wear name tags. Everyone would be a lot friendlier. "Hello, Sam." "How are you doing, Joe?" (George's arm moves and hits the lamp) Hey, your arm. It moved again. I thought you said it went away.
Now if you'll excuse me. Once again, your mother and I...
We'll go out for dinner tonight.
Okay...
Your bed is too small? I'm gone two weeks and you turn our house into, into Bourbon Street!
(jumping to his feet) OK that's it! We're moving!
This year, the honor goes to Mr. Kramer.
(Still looking at his coin) You know, I couldn't bring myself to spend one of these. I got some kind of a-a-a-a-a phobia.
Cook? No, I don't know any cooks. I don't know anything about cooking!
What ever happened to "Why, that's a lovely dress you have on. May I have this dance?"!!
That's your mother's new car.
Why'd you take my TV Guide?
I'm not 'dad' in the workplace. My professional name is Mr. Costanza, and I will refer to you as 'Costanza'. Morning, Braun.
We'll work something out.
...I got one at home.
Kramer, I got your message. I haven't celebrated Festivus in years! What is your interest?
We still haven't finished the first game.
No. Instead, there's a pole. It requires not decoration. I find tinsel distracting.
Hey! Lloyd!
Not impolite...it's stupid, that's what it is. You gotta be stupid to do something like that!
Hello, woman. (leaves)
Noooo!!! Don't eat it! No good!"
Well, I want it back. I wanna listen to that cha-cha record.
(vehement) I wouldn't be caught dead in Banlon.
You wanna piece of me? You got it! (They begin to fight)
(Sets a gift he's brought down) Carlo! It's me, Frank! (Attempts to hug the guy, but he resists - pushing Frank away. He scolds Frank in another language) I'm your cousin, Frank! Aren't you Carlo?
So far.
I had to make a living!
What d'you mean, busy?
(leaving the kitchen) It's creative black tie. Move, woman.
You think I don't know, Assman?!! To think I almost split the profits on the Manssierre with you.
No it isn't!
You burned them? Those clothes are not yours to burn.
(Realizing) What do you know.. Alright. (Picking up his present) I guess I was wrong. (Walks off)
(To Estelle, referring to the Jell-O) Why'd you put the bananas in there?!
Oh, get the hell outta here. 7th Avenue.
Don't you understand the very thought, the very idea, I'll never be comfortable again.
I guess your mother was right. You never could compete with Lloyd Braun! (Lloyd rings his sale bell and smiles)
Still! Still! I like to go in fresh!
George! George!
Where's your friend Kramer?
(shouts after them) You want a divorce?!!? You got one!!!
We call it.. the, uh..
(Loud shouting) I didn't take the subway all the way to New York to sit at a table like that! (Gestures to the table)
I don't think you did such a good job on these...
Serenity nowww!
(continues to move his arm) I never seen your arm move like this.
There's a mechanism. You just pull it, and throw your body weight.
C'mon, Cosmo, I'm not doing business with this guy.
And now as Festivus rolls on, we come to the feats of strength.
How do you just walk into a house and take a TV Guide? How does she expect you to watch TV? (doorbell rings) Am I just supposed to turn it on and wander aimlessly around the dial?
Aah!!!
She's not pretty?
We have a catered affair.
We gotta stop off and pick up a marble rye from Schnitzer's.
(Trying to match her tone) So let him have bananas on the side!
Look at this, George. (Takes a coin out of his pocket) You ever seen a silver dollar?
I was out for five minutes before, I couldn't feel my extremities.
You're mother and I are planning on taking a cruise.
I didn't read his resume.
(Yelling out) You never support me! Let's see what George says about this.. Where're my pants? (Takes his pair off a rack and leaves)
I played with him every day until the age of four - and then we separated.
Your meatloaf is mushy, your salmon croquettes are oily and your eggplant parmesan is a disgrace to this house!
