Well it seems the engagement of her ffriend George has left her feeling bitter and hostile.
Well, for example, say there's a forest, . . .
Oh, Elaine. Come in. Come in. So nice to see you again.
Would you care for a snack of some kind? I have the Snackwells which are very popular but I think that sometimes with the so called fat free cookies people may overindulge forgetting they may be high in calories
I trust you are here to see your friend, Elaine.
You know, Elaine, very often we cannot see the forest for the trees.
Oh him! Well this morning I found myself in the elevator with him
(On TV) The prophet Isaah tells us without friends our lives are empty and meaningless.
Elaine, often times in life there are problems, and just as often there are solutions.
A young lady I know, let's call her Elaine, happened to find herself overwhelmed with feelings of resentment and hostility for her friend, let's call him George. She felt that George was somewhat of a loser and that she was the one who deserved to be married first. She also happened to mention to me that her friend had wondered if going to a prostitute while you're engaged is considered cheating. His feeling was they're never going to see each other again so what's the difference. But that is a subject for another sermon. Now, I'd like to close with a psalm.
You know, a member of my congregation has a timeshare in Myrtle Beach. Perhaps, if you're not too busy, we could wing on down after the High Holidays? Elaine? 'Lainie?
Ha! Elaine, shiks-appeal is a myth, like the Yeti, or his North American cousin, the Sasquatch.
Yes, in fact she told me that she wishes she was the one getting married.
You know my temple has many single functions.
My nephew Alex is someone who is also looking perhaps
Yes, we were waiting for our mail to arrive and I happened to mention to her how you felt that it was never going "to happen" for you.
Well, let's see? I seem to recall a conversation with Mrs. Winston in 1F.
Good evening. And how does this evening find you?
Apparently she doesn't think much of this George fellow either. I recall the word loser peppered throughout her conversation.
Elaine, there's much you don't understand about the Jewish religion. For example, did you know that rabbis are allowed to date?
