Well, he-- he had his hands, you know, and uh, he was, huh, ...
No, they make it in New Jersey. It's just a Danishy name.
You think you're so damn special because you say 'God bless you'?
If she's not with you, then where is she?
She's gonna need our full support.
He was you know... he was touching and rubbing. (loud laughter)
What happened?
So Kramer, where'd you get all these lobster, at the Fleesher's Market?
I can't relax. I don't know what line! I don't know any of 'em!
I can't remember my lines!!!
My father was a lobsterman. He got up every morning at four and came home every night stinking of brine! He sent me through law school with the lobsters he caught! (Kramer stands up from table)
How do you make a decision which one to wear? I'd go crazy if I have to decide which sneakers to wear every day.
There he is, officer. (Michael points to Kramer, Kramer waves to policeman)
He's finished! I'm going to sew his ass to his face! I'm going to twist his neck so hard his lips will be his eyebrows! I'm going to break his joints, and reattach them!
Guess you better keep on his good side.
The ocean? What'd you mean?
A man gave me a, you know, massage. (everyone laugh except George)
I just came from the podiatrist. I have a mole on my foot. I've got a little gangrene, they're probably gonna have to amputate. (everyone laugh except George)
Is she with your bald friend from the other night?!
And you know how extremely sensitive she is?
Well who's side are you taking?!
Help me Jerry! Help me!
Uh, she said she was going to be with you.
Excuse me?
Wow.
Hey Elaine listen. If you smell anything decaying in the trunk of his car...
What do you mean Danish?
Toby please let us help. We're family.
All right! Take his side!
Those are commercial lobster traps. You can't take those lobsters from there. That's against the law.
Hey.
New sneakers?
Toby, what can I do? Can I get you something?
I think it moved.
Thanks for the lobster, Kramer.
Yeah. What are we looking at here? Is this guy like a real loser?
