I am very worried, I am never late.
Hi Jerry, nice to finally meet you.
No, you can be young and bitter, just maybe not as bitter as I'm gonna be ten years from now, but I'm bitter. Anyway, don't tell anyone.
Oh wait, don't you tell him any of this.
Who says I'm not bitter?
There's just no men out there, you know?
Well, the mediocre ones are available, but they're so insecure about not being one of the good ones that they're always going, "Well I'm not good enough for you, what are you doing with me?" and eventually I just go, "You're right."
Best seat in the house. (Looking at George) right next to the kitchen.
Fat. Is that what you're saying, that he's fat?
What?
Has he ever been married?
Um, order me a piece of cake. I'm gonna go throw up.
What does he look like?
Kenny Bania.
Is Jerry one of the good ones?
Yeah. How'd you know?
He's not working?! How come he's not working?
What does he look like?
Great, my boyfriend's just parking the car. Actually, Jerry, you
(bored) Russell, where's the TV Guide.
Is he nuts?
I said to him, "I really appreciate this, but I just got my period." And so, I asked him to come in, he came in--
So he shows up. He's all out of breath. He's disheveled. And he tells me that no matter what happens, whatever I decide is fine with him and that I could depend on him, and that he would be there to support me in whatever way I need. Elaine, I was speechless.
First of all, what does he do?
He didn't really try to poison his boss?
Hello, Abby.
Hi.
I mean the problem is that the good ones know they're good. And they know they're in such demand they're just not interested in confining themselves to one person.
Excuse me?
I know, but these things aren't always foolproof.
No, maybe I need somebody who has nothing, somebody who just has to appreciate being with me because he's so desperate.
He was uncomfortable because it was our first time so he felt he would perform better if we did it in the kitchen. He said the kitchen is always the most sociable room in the house. And he was serious.
See, I wouldn't really mind so much, but I feel badly for my mother. I mean, if my mother weren't around, it wouldn't be so bad. But, I'm telling you, if I'm not married by the time I'm forty, I'm gonna have to kill her because it's the only fair thing to do. I just couldn't put her through that.
He's bald?
(bored, frustrated) Russell, can we eat?
I missed my period.
