No, no...it's O.K. (To Kramer) Go on.
Anyhow, what is the difference?
I'm very satisfied.
Well, what could she have done?
I'd like you to leave.
You really know a lot about this, don't you?
I said, I would like you to leave. Come on, just get your clothes on and get out.
Yeah
Yeah.
Well, I'm wearing this red dress -
I am talking about you and Jodi. You're completely obsessed with her!
I am in your hands. (They shake hands.) Well! Oh, good night, Jerry. (They're about to kiss, but Kramer stops them by clearing his throat.) Kenneth will take you home. (She gets out, leaving Jerry staring at Kramer with an angry expression on his face.)
Of course.
What else?
Jerry?
(To Mickey, wearing the shirt Elaine looked at for them) I like your shirt.
(To Kramer) I really wanted you.
Oh, so do I.
O.K., this is it!
As Miss America, I would try and bring an end to world hunger. If every person sacrificed one meal a week, there would be enough to feed the whole world!
(seen through George eyes all blurry) Get out! Get out!! Get out!!!
Why?
Really.
What difference does it make? Who cares if she doesn't like you? Does everybody in the world have to like you?
Because I said so. (pushes George off the bed)
(moaning) Mmmmm, Mmmm, Hmmhmmhmmm (lights a cigarette) Mmmm (takes a puff) Woo
Maybe.
George, frankly, I'm getting a little tired of hearing about her.
I didn't see a face.
Mmmm, Oh George, oooh.
Well, it's not like after the Risotto.
Magic.
That is so funny.
They like it outside, so I kept them in a cage on the terrace...then I found them dead in a pool of water!
Uh, actually my parents are over, but, would you like to meet them?
Ah ah ah ah
You're going now?
(Parents enter and are little people like Mickey) Mom, Dad.
George, George, instead of talking about this, we could be... you know... (she makes a move with her head like George did in 'The Mango' while saying "instead of the movie...")
What are you talking about?
Kramer, are these questions really that important...?
My doves! They're dead! I trained those birds for eight years! How am I supposed to do my magic act now?
It must have been an accident.
I probably would. But then again I'm an enigma.
All right George. I have had just about enough of this.
Well hurry up.
You were extremely personable.
Who is more important to you, her or me? I like you, she doesn't. Who are you gonna pick?
She's very nice. (grabs George's hand) Let's discuss this later.
Really enjoyed it.
Six.
Oh I don't care, George, really it's all right.
What, what?
What, do you think I've never had a massage before?
Yeah. Nice to meet you too and I'm gonna call you about that massage.
I'm a little nervous!
Kramer, would you consider being my personal consultant for the pageant?
What, you got a little thing for her?
Generally.
No good?
I didn't pick up anything.
But I've never sung before in my life!
Well, now I hate you!
Mmm What's not necessary?
You think I was faking?
