Excuse me. Would you mind watching my bag for a minute?
Alright, see ya. (Meets Tina in the door) Hey.
We're with the FBI. You wanna tell us about your cable hook-up?
(Quick, to the point) The muscles.. became so strained with.. overuse, that eventually the hand locked into a deformed position, and he was left with nothing but a claw. (Holds hand up, displaying a claw-like shape) He traveled the world seeking a cure.. acupuncturists.. herbalists.. swamis.. nothing helped. Towards the end, his hands became so frozen the was unable to manipulate utensils, (Visibly disgusted by this last part) and was dependent on Cub Scouts to feed him. I hadn't seen another pair of hands like Ray McKigney's until today. You are his successor. (George looks down at his hands) I uh only hope you have a little more self-control.
(also seated at the counter) Excuse me. I couldn't help overhearing. I notice you're eating a poppy seed muffin.
(Clears throat) Tragic story, I'm afraid. He could've had any woman in the world.. but none could match the beauty of his own hand.. and that became his one true love..
Hey, I have been trying to get this book signed all day.
Every wake-up call I make is important. You're no more important than any of our guests.
Well, it kinda depends on the situation, but if I don't get my money from you, I'm gonna get it from her.
Keep fighting matey! Get your head above the water! I've got you matey! I've got you! Matey! (he loses the rope) I'll remember her name! Elaine Benes! I'll write to her. I'll tell her all about you and what you did out here! Goodbye, matey! Goddbye!
How about I do you a favor upside your head?
(to George) Hey, do you have the time?
Okay listen up people. There are plenty of you here, but we've only got two spots to fill. Good luck.
Hey hey hey hey hey. Where do you think you're going?
Yes, I got it sir. You only had to say it once.
Do I have to dial a one first?
(to Fred and Paul) See you back at the office, guys.
Yes. he was not.. master of his domain.
All of them? C'mon, you can't take *four* seats.
(Pulling a slip of paper out of his coat pocket) And here's your check. (George accepts) Thank you very much. (Pats him on the back) It was an honor.
I'd like to shake his hand but I can't.
Reading for the Blind. They can get any book on tape.
What is this? A piece of pound cake?
(In line behind George) Twix has too much coconut.
Ohh.. (Laughs, pulling a cigar from his inner coat pocket) You mean - one of these..
Took a very dangerous combination prescription heart medicine and these other pills.
Hey, aren't you the guy I asked to watch my clothes?
I'm Frank Costanza's lawyer. (He starts pulling her to safety)
Oh, yeah? She told me what you like. You're a little sickie, aren't you? Disinfectant on the blinds, vacuuming the counter--
Hey! Wait, wait, wait! Whoa! Give it to the girl. I'm an independent contractor. Tax purposes.
But my sleeve, it's stuck in the machine, it ate my card!
Hey you, you with the high hair, step forward.
Hey! There's a guy burning the Puerto Rican flag!
Well, you know what opium is made from...
I can tell you're very upset but I'm sorry I'm not goin'
That's what I'd like to know about it.
(Deeply sniffs the cigar's aroma) You do realize, of course, these are illegal in your country.
She says she had a little problem with you. You didn't pay.
I've got an eyewitness to that jewelry store break-in. Come here. Do you recognize anybody in the lineup?
Here, stand by the fire. Take off those wet clothes, you'll catch cold.
Gino, you've outdone yourself this time. This is the best haircut I've ever had.
Whats the one with the swirling chocolate in the commercial?
My name is Maxwell. I'm from Maid To Order. It's a pun. I sent one of my girls over to your place.
(waiting in line for tickets, he overhears Elaine) Hey, give us a break. We haven't seen it yet. Thanks a lot big mouth!
You're probably one of those women who doesn't like to give out her number.
