(Folding up the check) Ok, I'll leave you two alone.
But wouldn't you get any satisfaction out of helping someone out?
Where am I? Is this a dream? What in God's name is going on here?!
No. But what if we get married or something? We'll always have that between us.
Well, I don't know.. I mean, think about it, Jerry. There must be something exciting about this guy if he can arouse that kind of passion. (Obviously turned on by the stabbing) I mean, to be stab-worthy.. You know, it's.. kind of a compliment.
These Kramer stories are unusable! (Thumbs through them) I mean, some of them aren't even stories! (Holds one out) Look, this is a list of things in his apartment!
(has had enough) All right, that's it. (rummaging in purse, pulls out her chequebook) How do you spell your last name?
Jumping up and down? What are you talking about? Cmon. Cough it up.
I mean, is he allowed to do this? It's discrimination! I'm gonna call the states' attorney office. I really am.
Special occassions? It wasn't special when my family visited?
Sometimes I think about wearing my hair real short.
. . . Years. Many years (her voice cracks), um, (clears throat) we've been close friends and then recently something just you know *ehghh* happened.
Look it, I'm dating a doctor and I like it. Let's just move on. (Phone rings)
No, no George! You don't understand! She didn't tell me she was using me as an excuse! Okay?! But then I realized what was going on, and I said that she left a note. Um, but he didn't really buy that. And then, and then he did mention your name.
Kramer, do you have any idea what you've done?
Listen, you idiot! Just calm down! I know Jerry, he's not a nazi.
Well, this is my boyfriend, doctor Ben Gelfen.
I don't remember, but it certainly wasn't this. Look at this cartoon in the New Yorker, I don't get this.
We're going to the movies, we're gonna see Prognosis Negative.
(sarcastic) Chatty gal. (beat) Lippman's coming back tomorrow, I'll be fired!
I can't breath...I'm sorry...(Elaine wakes up) You're killing me!
Because, the owner contributes a lot of money to those fanatical, anti-abortion groups.
Excuse me, uh, I dont mean to cause any trouble here, but George, if you take it, can I take your place?
I don't wanna go to a... miniplex multi-theater!
I guess she didn't think it was funny.
Alright, well if you change your mind, we'll wind up as Isabella's probably around seven.
Well, maybe you should just give him the keys back.
Oh right here (giving out paper napkins to Mel and Jerry and herself)
(Gives a "That's a shame" face) Alright, well, I'll see ya. (Opens the door to exit. Kramer enters coughing. Elaine does her best to dodge out of the way of Kramer's coughs, then walks off)
No, I'm sorry, these are taken. ... They're in the lobby buying popcorn. ... What are you doing? These are taken, these are taken!
Ask your mother, (making fun of George's living situation) you live with her now, don't you? Anyway, so then this guy comes up to me and starts feeling my jacket through his thumb and his forefinger like this.
Hey, I was in a shvitz for 6 hours. Give me a break.
That means whatever the hell you want it to mean.
Mmm, hey, you know what? You wanna go see that new Meryl Streep movie?
So, this is your little... love nest? (laughs)
Do they take money? Everyone takes money. I used to go out with a guy who did it all the time, you just slip him 20 bucks.
I had 'em done for the big Peterman bash I'm throwin'.
Well I assumed she called to apologize, that's why she called me.
As soon as we walked in, he got a call from one of his patients with an impacted molar or something so he had to leave. I didn't even get a chance to look for the label maker.
Well I don't know, he caught me off guard!
Of course I support your decision to change your name.
(to George who just came in) Hey! George, Janet looks very nice and she's quite a handsome woman.
I don't think we should be talking about this.
Oh, I'm just gonna go say hi to Cheryl. (walking over to the booth) Hi.
"Well ,what happens when you show up . He'll see that you're not.?"
Well what about the sleeping arrangements? In the Cabin!
(overly excited) We can exchange keys so we can come in and out. Oh, this is going to be great!
Oh, come on, we all have intense malaise. Right?
I drive my people hard, and then I reward them.
Oh, I was just at this recital and Jerry put a Pez dispenser on my leg and I started laughing.
Oh, movie hotdogs! I rather lick the food off the floor.
And he's growing it in just for me. (Happily) It's mine. It's all mine. (clutches the photo between her hands and to her chest then looks at it again)
(answering phone) Hello? Oh, yeah, okay fine. Uh, he'll be right down. (to Pitt) Car's here to pick you up and take you to the meeting.
What do you think, you think I'm making a big mistake?
"I'm going to go see Mel Torm with him?"
I'll put in a good word for you.
Jerry, that is so ridiculous. But, George didn't even have his glasses on!
No, it's not here yet. You want the tour?
Oh, my God (not in the mood to be kidding)
Wha...? What are you talking about? What'd he say?
What did I think of it? (Manufactures a cough instead of answering. Kramer enters.)
It was no trouble. My assistant did the whole thing.
Okay, you came to pick me up at...
Oh, hi, Roxanne. Nice to be here. These are my friends. This is George, and this is Jerry.
Mr Peterman, that can't have been the only time that you faced mortal danger.
And you stopped by just to give it to me?
Well, you shouldn't get your hopes up, Toby.
Hi there. Um, uh -- [drumming on countertop] Oh! Oh! Oh! One mulligatawny and, um.... what is that right there? Is that lima bean?
Alright, here you go, choke on it (hands him money).
Oh, me too. I'll meet you down. (She goes in the hall and sees George) Oh, don't go in, Rachel's getting undressed.
(indicating a movie poster) What about Sack Lunch?
Oh, that's O.K. I don't have much time though. So...
I know how much you make. I don't even know why I'm doing this, I don't even like basketball.
George I don't even want to get --
Jerry, it's six. (claps her hands) Let's go.
Yeah, from what I understand, he works for the Parks Department.
Jerry, he wants me to run the catalog! It's crazy! I can't be in charge!
Maybe it just looks the same. Maybe its just a coincidence.
Yeah. The only think that saved him is that he accidentally flashed their secret gang sign.
This, that we've come all this way, we have made all this progress, but you know we've lost the little things, the niceties.
(Gets up, pointing after Carol) Was that the one?! Was that the one who stabbed you?!
(laughs) Huh. (looks from tape to tape) Well...
You know Jerry I really like this guy who's playing the butler.
He musta got my number off the computer. We ended up talking for, like, two hours.
Yeah, huh. I even got an idea out of it. the Detox Poncho.
(evasive) I'm kinda off of him. (looking around) Uh, outlet?
(chasing Newman) No, you better gimme back that bike. Newman, gimme...
I, I think that's my button. (wanders over to Haarwood) You know, I've been looking all over for it. Did, did you find it here?
(reading) A tempting schmear of authentic Jewish delicacies.
Yeah, well I wouldn't have had to get your mail if he hadn't gone to that fantasy camp.
So? We've always just kind've pecked. This one had a totally different dynamic.
Oh, heh heh heh. Who are they running against?
Well your views on race relations are just, fascinating. You really should do an Op-Ed piece for the Times. (Op-Ed stands for Opinions and Editorials)
Well, I ran out to apologize to a virgin and I crossed against the light and I knocked over the delivery boy.
Is he not gonna go to the coffee shop?
Alright, that is it! I can't live like this.
No, I'd like to apply for a waitress job.
His apartment was being fumigated, so we thought we'd give it another shot.
I dont mean to interrupt or anything, but on Sunday, my friend is having a brunch for the New York Marathon.
(pause) Thanks. (to JERRY, GEORGE, and KRAMER) What.. what do you guys want..
You should slow down, you know that? It's dangerous to go that fast.
He's this guy that I went to Tuscany with. He's a great guy, but I just wouldn't feel comfortable calling him.
Come on, Sue Ellen. You don't wear a bra, you're tall... we hate each other!
(she's upset, gets up and yells) OK look this is my boyfriend we're talking about OK? And he's a gentlemen, he's good looking, he's a good shaver and he hasn't thrown up in eigth years so just shut up about him! Shut up!
I can't stand around here for *two hours*!
It must've seeped up my subconscious, Puddy has Ziggy bed sheets....D'you read the comics today?
Yeah. I know, I said to myself, 'Why us?' You remember?
No, but these were the only really cool ones like this! Don't you see how everybody likes 'em and how everybody talks about 'em? (Jerry, realizing Elaine's motivation, sits at the counter unbelievingly.)
He's like a virus. He attaches himself to a healthy host company, and the next thing you know, the entire staff's infected.
Okay, okay. (phones) Um, yeah, hi, I'd like delivery please to 16 West 75th St. apartment 2G.
Oh no. No. I dont want to sit in the back. Ill be left out of the conversation.
Well, Jerry, I never saw you flirt with anyone before. It was quite the spectacle.
I haven't talked to him in, like, three weeks... I THINK it might be over...
(wipes her eyes because she laughed so hard she cried) I know.
(quietly to Jerry) Jerry, let's get out of here.
Alright. Just do it fast and then get out.
Well, one question does come to mind. Have you considered just...asking them what happened to the briefcase?
Yes, (sob) you see this (sob) woman, this manicurist,
I've been wanting to get one of these things! Are you sure that...
Ahahaha. Well that's the positive thing about getting sick, you get to lose weight.
Oh yeah, that eh...that is nice to know. (Pours the juice from the bag back to glass.)
OK, I don't wanna go over there and do it, and then come back here and find out there was some little loophole, like I didn't put mustard on it or something...
what, what is going on? what.. who is Andre?
So, it's ya nothing. Forget it, forget it, I just find it curious.
You gotta' be kidding me. How does he speak Korean?
All right! Come on. Come on. Let's go. Let's go.
He's always here? What does that mean? What does that mean?
Oh, no, no! That's where it gets interesting! Don't you see? The - the train is bearing down on you, you - you dive into a side tunnel - and you run into a whole band of underground tunnel dwellers!
That's a good question, I think he thinks he is.
Oh! Yes! What a load off. So when are we going to Africa?
Yes, it's awful! They're upset because we're an interracial couple. That is racism!
The back? They never find anything in the back. If they had anything good in the back, theyd put it out in the front.
Speaking of Jerry, his father is driving me so crazy down at Peterman's.
Jerry, I don't know how much longer I can keep this up. They're starting to give Susie assignments now!
So I'm nothing. Jerry is best man , Kramer is an usher and I am nothing.
I dropped a grape in the kitchen and it disappeared. I couldnt find it. I was, I was literally on my knees for ten minutes looking for this stupid grape. I have no idea where it went.
So then why are you seeing her again...
Oh, he did some dental work for me and he didn't charge me so I thought I'd get him a Christmas present.
Ed's downstairs. CAn I have the car keys?
Uh! Ho-ho. An' what are YOU gonna tell her?
Well, he's having a two day book signing at Waldens.
So, anyway, I've been giving out your number as my standard fake.
Well it's, nothing I planned on happening, you know. It just, kind of happened.
Although, I have a hunch you mean it.
Well, yeah, he's fine! We took him to the emergency room, and you know, the x-rays were all negative. (beat) It was quite a day!
(in her mind) That's true, maybe he's not married.
Isnt that...? (Jerry nods.) Oh, is this from the snow last night? (Jerry nods.) Ugh... you know what you shouldve done? You shouldve turned it inside out.
Oh Gosh! None of this would never have happened if you wouldn't have said 'God bless you'!
Wait `til I get my hands on that George. I am gonna *pull* that big hood over his little head... tie the strings, and suffocate. You remember that Panama hat? That was nothing.
His phone's been disconnected, but I was able to obtain an address - 1324 Amsterdam Avenue, apartment 4D. (Hands George a card) Now, I did my job. (To Jerry) May I have the car keys, please?
Just call me when the new pen comes in, okay?
I've never heard of anything like this. I mean, it's almost as if I was hitch-hiking and she says "Well, this is as far as I can take you."
No! I told him I've been having my period for the last five days! I'm sleeping all squished over on the edge of my bed.. But, I've only got fourteen hours to go. Nothing can go wrong now. I think I've taken care of everything. I've confirmed the plane reservation. I've checked the weather..
I don't know, I don't know, what should we do? We called an ambulance, does anyone know first aid?
(reluctant) Oh, well... I, uh, actually Lloyd, Jerry and I have to sit in the front row, uhm, (desperately inventing) because uh, because, because he, he forgot his glasses. So uh, thanks for getting us... uhm, we'll see you afterwards.
hmm where is Jerry sitting? he's supposed to be here tonight with his new girlfriend I'm dying to see what she looks like
George, these are the best scrambled eggs I've ever tasted.
ok step off George, can u just step off?
(After observing Peterman's home life) Well, I - I got ta tell you, Mister Peterman.. I don't think I see a whole book here.
Brett, believe me. You don't have to do this.
Oh! You mean you don't care if he does the move anymore?
Its the new look. You know Heroin Cheek?
Hi Jimmy. (Jimmy kicks Elaine to the shin.) Ouch! (The screen door hits her in the head.)
I just bought Jerrys couch for fifty dollars.
Oh, right, at the coffee shop. Where did they get the idea that you have a place in the Hamptons?
Hey. NBC limo is downstairs - beep beep beep. {NBC tune} I'm just going to call Jill one more time before we go.
Like this...(imitates the walk with her arms hanging.)
He called to apologize for standing me up five years ago.
Yeah, since she met him she's been vomited on, her family cabin's been burned down, she learned her father's a homosexual, and she got fired from a high paying network job. Yeah, they had a real good thing going.
Oh, you hear that? That must be Kramer.
Well, so, he can live without his Valium for a couple of days.
(Angered) No, I found a better way to humiliate myself. There was this guy, and we had a few too many..
Uh, that is the nicest thing anyone has ever done for me.
Well, he was with someone. A man... In a cape.
When I was outside I ran into John Mollika.
Aver Martone. I've heard of her, who's she playing?
Thousand. Six hundred and twenty thousand. The horror, the horror. (To Jerry) The wife keeps giving us dirty looks. Are you sure you gave him the right directions?
(grabs poster, smashes it) No, you don't see it, and you're never going to see it! (grabs Pitt by the lapels, getting ink all over his jacket) Mr. Pitt, you have to meet with the shareholders, you have to leave now. Do you hear me? Do you hear me?!
(calling down street) 'Scuse me! 'Scuse me. (catches up to guy) Excuse me, sir. Sir?
Oh, goody. Okay, well uh...(to Jerry and Kramer)...I'll see you chumps later. (Elaine and Carl exit.)
(Toying with the idea) Huh.. alright. I guess.
Listen, Jerry. She never dates, and I know it's because of her hair.
Yeah. This friend of a friend knows this banker guy, he's, I don't know, 30 years, unbelievably gorgeous, of course he's gay.
Well if you want it, you get it.
(balancing a spoon on her nose) Hey, why dont you take her to that place in Vermont I was telling you about? You know, that really charming place with the separate faucets for the hot and cold. Shell love it.
How did you decide which one of you would date which girl? (They pause then look at each other)
Jerry, you have tendencies. They're always annoying, but they were just tendencies. But now, if you can't kiss this girl, I'm afraid we're talking disorder.
Well actually um, I do have a bill here. If you could just sign, this expense form, I think I could still make the last fan boat out of here.
You know, the guy might have just lost your number.
Okay, I got a little slicer happy, but listen; don't tell Kramer, okay? He has very strong feelings for it.
It is the forced socializing. I mean, just because we work in the same office, why do we have to act like we're friends?
What? Was she just so crazy in love with you that she just couldn't take it anymore? Or..?
This Supreme Flounder, it says first time served in America. Is that true?
I had to carry my skis, and my boots and my poles. I think I pinched a nerve in my shoulder.
Alright, let's go. (They head for the bedroom.)
(clears throat) I was thinking, I mean, I'm not really doing that much this weekend, and I thought, well, huh, what the hell, maybe I'll come down there and hang out a little.
No! I'm a scatter brain. That's why I probably can't hold a job or keep a man!
No. No, it doesn't bother me. I mean, it would be nice. I'm not gonna lie to you and say it wouldn't be nice.
Boy, I am really starting to dislike the Drake!
(in her mind) Married. That's it, I'm chucking the flower. (she does)
"I'm very imPRESSED"? ... Ah you mean pressed caus' its like a dry cleaner?
You know the only reason I'm doing this is because you took Audrey to the hospital.
Do I smell something? What am I, hard of smelling? Of *course* I smell something.
(going to the phone) All right. I'm gonna try Noreen again.
Well, it's not that I don't like you, but, well to be perfectly honest, I'm just having some trouble getting past the face painting.
I guarantee they don't sell either one of those tickets.
Ressurected! And look what I pried off of his bumper, a Jesus fish!
Is it possible I'm not as attractive as I think I am?
Jerry, I tell you; if this woman dies, it is going to be a major inconvenience.
(Whining) I want the one that I earned. (Phone rings) I'll get it. I'll get it! (Into phone) H&H, and Elaine.
You know, it is so sad, all your knowledge of high culture comes from bugs bunny cartoons.
Was that the ... opposite ... of what you were going to say, or was that just your natural instinct? (She squeezes George's mouth between her fingers)
I open up my closet, there's just nothing.
Yeah, finish eating. The baby's not gonna have any fun over here. We're-We're not fun for a baby.
No I mean...Do you like him or do you like him like him?
And he's saying " I wish I was taller" ha ha. See? that's his complaint.
Georgie, how come your parents never moved to Florida?
I thought you wanted to see Prognosis Negative.
Well, (Clears throat) what part of your life (hits the record button on a mini-recorder, and sets it down on the table) do you want to start with? Foreign intrigue? Exotic romances?
Yes, yes, the one I didn't get. (they giggle)
(Gesturing to her nose stud) I know. I woke up with this.
Ok, now where I'm going to take it.
Nothing has changed. How did this happen? (she sees the two guys of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission at a table) Ah, these are the two guys I talked to at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Hey! What are you two guys doing here? I thought you were gonna do something about this. Now you're eating here?
Yeah, the woman I grew up with in Maryland, she moved here last year...
Shut up! I think he's on to us.
Well, mine's coming in ten, so... see you boys.
Ok, what time is your job interview George?
So? What do you want me to do about it?
Hi, ah, three for Chunnel -- two adults ... one child. (looking towards Jerry)
Ah, "with what?" You know what. With the waitresses. How they're all... alike.
Oh it's my pleasure. I love these. In fact I got one at home. It's perfect when you just want to throw something on.
Tell Noreen I'll just call her back later.
Jerry, you cannot imagine how much I hate this guy.. and he hasn't even done anything! It's the situation. He's a wonderful guy, but I hate his guts!
George, wait, you don't know who this guy is, people kill for a parking space in this city.
Officer. Officer, is there some reason this man has to always be using a hose? I mean, he's flooding the sidewalk. It's a waste of water. Couldn't he just use a broom?
(from the street) It went in the sewer! (Jerry reacts)
Oh, pardon me for trying to set you up with a beautiful, intelligent woman.
Oh, well come on. You want to go grab a bite to eat?
Uh. Ah, if you don't mind my asking, could you tell me where you got your glasses?
Look at my face, look at it. You see any lines?
He doesn't know what he's talkin' about. (Jerry fake laughs) Jer? Jerry, I'm a good dancer, right?
We are... that means that we ah, we are...
I never should have given Anna the impression--
(About to leave) Well, what does that have to do...?
Oh, god! Oh, god, Dave! Oh, yes! Yes!
Well, they're real men, Jerry. They get sweaty.
(excited) This is so fantastic. I dont know how to thank you.
Well, I could care less. I hope it is on our record. I'm just sorry they didn't lock me up.
Would you please just get on with the stupid Bob Saccamano story?!
I told you, Fred - my friend's next door neighbor took it.
Oh, you know I wear these shoes all the time.
Yeah, I know. I have to go check it out. It's a beautiful button too, you know. It's antique ivory. It was my mother's.
Have you noticed, people don't use straws as much as they used to for some reason.
Do you have anything that's been...you know, laying around for a while? Something prewar would be just great.
you know I hate to tell you this, but it's time to defrost that freezer
Kevin and his friends are nice people! They do good things. They read..
(really doesn't want to know) Okay, Jerry, please, please. I'm really busy here.
I don't know. I couldn't see. I couldn't look down because of my neck.
(disbelief) Wha...?! (uncontrolled laughter) Ha ha ha. Ha, no.
Half a bag? What am I, a hooker? Anyway, they look kind of cheap.
Well, a bunch of people are getting together tomorrow night at some bar for her birthday, but... (Jerry turns in disgust) you dont want to go to... that... no.
Why is it so hot in here? How can they sleep like this?
How long would *you* have stood in the ticket-holders line?
Well, that's not really a meal Jerry. I mean, if he had gotten, Chicken Gumbo, or Matzah Ball, even Mushroom Barley. Then I would agree with you. Those are very hardy soups.
Oh come on, Jerry. Making to much of a big deal about it.
Oh, it was nothing, for-forget it. (George enters the gym.)
Yeah, you're better off sitting around here, reading comic books, and eating spaghetti at two in the morning..
Ouhhh (Kramer disappears back behind his wall as Elaine opens the dressing room door)
What? (with arms crossed, she turns quickly and )
Jerry, if anybody should be doing this, it's you.
No, I just need them to deliver it here and I have to be kinda inside is all.
Oh, dammit, you know I just remembered I gotta go, I left something on, the gas, the lights, the water in the tub. Something is on somewhere so I?m just gonna get the uh..
Oh man. What is with this bar? It's right in my back. It's killing me.
All right, that's all I wanted to know.
Okay, I've got five, huge boxes of (buttons).
Okay! Well, you know, have a nice trip, and uh... alrighty! (beat) I'll just hold down the, uh, fort!
(sitting beside Jerry) He claims that you followed him home, and started harassing him.
What did you think, she was going to take some of that chalk and...
What does it mean anyway? 'God bless you'. It's a stupid 'stuperstition'.
Ooh, I can't wait to get me a fella and make mah own pie!
No, no. Jerry, I'm fine really. It's okay.
What the hell were you thinking leaving my clubs in that car?!
I'm uh, I'm meeting James here. He's bringing over your jacket.
Yeah. He thinks he saw the devil. He won't leave his room in the church basement.
No, no, no. I know I wasn't shot. Do I need a shot?
(to Dugan ) You see? You see? Smart people think this is funny and you want to know why? 'Cause I wrote it.
Right, right. I mean, if I was getting the chair, I'd go for something... hot and spicy, you know... Thai, maybe Mexican. Lethal injection, feels like pasta... you know, painless, don't want anything too heavy...
See, See, I can't even say anything you know because all he's really doing is being nice but but know body is this nice, this is like certifiably nice.
Well listen I'm going to (?) do you want me to stop by?
(CONT'D) That's right you heard me. You got a problem with that?
Look! No one knows how long this parade is gonna last! They are a very festive people. All I know is that it's Sunday night, and I have got to unwind! Now who's with me?!
(looks for George) Mmm. (can't see him) Oh, um, I got it.
No. If you tell him to do it, he'll never do it.
Let me see this. [gasps] You know what this is? This is a recipe for soup, and look at this. There are like thirty different recipes. These are his recipes!
Oh, yeah, when George made that bad toast!
Shouldnt you be out on a ledge somewhere?
(loudly, for the benefit of Sue-Ellen) Oh. Those are handsome. Look at that set. Yeah, think I might bid on those.
Isn't this great? With those nerds in accounting moved, you and I are the only ones who use this bathroom.
Its you fault. You just got me thinking.
Oh, well, that sounds like a lot of fun...
This bar is right in my back! It's making a dent.
Okay, I'll talk to him. But you're putting me in a very difficult position. (Walks away.)
I wish I could help you, but I can't afford two of 'em. (Pats Billy on the shoulder and gets out of bed.)
Yeah, he won't mind. C'mon, you're his mom.
(puts her hands up to her mouth) You're bald!
Oh, no no no. I'll just have a tea and toast. (sits down across the table from Jerry)
(clears throat) (to Jerry) Well, I'll tell ya, this sidler guy is really chapping my hide.
No, George really. Can I talk to Susan?
I can't believe you did that! Why did you tell him I said hi? I never said hi! (to Jerry) When did I say hi?
(standing up) What is wrong with all you people?! Have you all gone mad?!!
So what are your parents doing here in new York?
No, Im staying here for the weekend. Im getting a break from my roommate.
You had fun with Mr. and Mrs. Seinfeld.
He said he was going to sew your ass to your face.
Yeah, we got out to dinner a lot. Usually Chinese, well sometimes Thai. And we go to the movies, Arnie's a real film buff.
I know, it's just something you have to say...
He's the *loser*. She's the victor. To the victor belong the spoils.
Mr Lippman. I'm sorry, I was in Queens uh... (sees Kramer) Kramer!
Oh my god that's Dick. It's Cape Fear.
I am not going to hell and if you think I'm going to hell, you should care that I'm going to hell even though I am not.
No no, no no, don't don't, I beg you
This is what you used to build me up? This is where you got all that stupid katra stuff?
Is it possible we were victims of a sting?
(sharp intake of breath) Hoh. A Cadillac! (impressed) Wow.
Well thanks to you and your little comment there to David and Beth. Jerry and I are in prime pouncing position to scoop these two up (Jerry and Elaine do a little slow dance of joy) before they know what hit em.
Oh, Jerry, why didn't you tell me his name! Oh my god, he accused me of seeing someone else, he said tell me his name, he said tell me his name!!
Yeah that's just some stuff about the company.
Oh, Peterman ran off to Burma, and now he wants me to run the catalog.
(tired) Alright, are you done with your little amusement?
Yeah, isn't that just like him? (she steps over Jerry's legs) You know, he has to be the only one who has 'em.
Im sorry. Im so sorry. Where is Dad?
Um, hum, I don't know.. . . A big salad?
Yeah, flirted with the menu guy. Here. (hands him a large stack of papers)
Sometimes I've given my number out to guys and it takes them a month to call.
I'll take full responsibility. You won't regret it.
Hey, my God, look at that. (Jerry looks over at the table. A man and a woman are dining) David and Beth Lookner. (Leaning in for confidentiality) You know, I heard a rumor their marriage was a little rocky.
I want a small, plain vanilla in a cup to go. That's non-fat, right?
I told you, I can't hear a word.
Jerry doesn't know Morning Thunder has caffeine in it.
Yeah and I was just leaving. Bye-bye Jerry. (smiling as she closes the door. Jerry looks at her like he can not believe she left him on his own)
Yeah, we just wanna take this and add that.
Goodn-- (He starts to kiss her) What're you doing?
So Simon picks this woman up, right in front of me.
Well what happened when you raced him again?
(desperate to distract Jerry) Ow!! (Jerry looks over) It's my cuticle.
Would you stop it? You're just gonna need a few stitches.
I wonder what actually happened in that lab.
Would you grow up, George?! What is the difference? Nina slept with him (Points to Jerry), he slept with me, I slept with Pinter. Nobody cares! It's all ancient history.
Jerrys the one who got me my new apartment.
Or a nectarine? I would absolutely love a nectarine.
Why dont we just throw a Molotov cocktail through their window?
No! You have your ticket! You have to go now!
We gotta see the new baby anyway, at least we'll get a weekend in the Hamptons out of it.
What? I can't hear a word you're saying. I was stuck at the Dixieland Deli all day. My head is still ringing. Where's Tim?
So get this. I'm in the bathroom at work today, and I see Peggy using a seat protector.
George, are you going to put her on the phone?
Too good. Peterman was so pleased, now he wants to take me out to dinner tomorrow. Maybe you wanna come with me.
I can't believe we're doing this. This is the kind of thing they do in the movies.
Kramer! That... Kramer! Im just about to leave, he calls me up. He begs me to sit in his car for two minutes, so he can pick up these birds...
You're not still thinking about that are you?
George Ive just reading this thing in the paper, it's unbelievable!
What am I supposed to tell Mr Peterman.
So what? Squinting doesn't make that much of a difference.
Oh yeah? This woman was selling them at this crazy party I was at last night. You'll appreciate this. Snapple?
Yeah, me too. Well, I've been waiting out two or three marriages, but this is the one I really had my eye on.
Oh, my god! A couple, but 7 pounds. How did I gain 7 pounds?
I need something to read on the subway.
Like we care if you go to the bathroom.
(in her mind, anguished) This is wrong. I should go. (There's a knock at the door)
You know, this guy Jean-Paul, Jean-Paul... I met him when I was working at Pendant, editing a book on running...
Will you go ahead? You need a haircut.
(DESPERATE) Please, we can't find our car. Please drive us around the parking lot to find our car. My fish are dying.
One of those fabric wholesalers. This guy Todd Gack. I won a bet from him.
No, I just, uh, fixed it.. a little bit. (Still looking around, she quickly checks her breath)
One second, hang on. (To Mr. Pitt) Excuse me, Mr. Pitt? Would it be alright if I got you the socks tomorrow?
Cause you only get one call. The prison call is like the king of calls.
What are you doing in here with that?
(thinks for a second) You were making, out during Schindler's List?
What? I'm parked right outside, let's go. Come on (grabs Jerry's arm) come on.
I know, I'm glad I got to see him before he hit puberty and got, you know all lurchy and awkward.
Wuh, if you call that living. (laughs) Ahaha.
Literally nothing. I sat in a chair and I stared.
David, I'm going to hell! The worst place in the world! With devils and those caves and the ragged clothing! And the heat! My god, the heat! I mean, what do you think about all that?
(sees racquet), You know it's not important I'm gonna, ok, well, you know. Take care of that condolitis
It's getting to be a terrible problem for me.
Why don't you want to take a civil service test?
I don't know where the rabbi got that. Ya know I never said that. I said "I've never seen you looser".
Just because you're a communist, does that mean you can't wear anything nice? You look like Trotsky. It's gorgeous. Fine, you want to be a Communist, be a Communist. Can't you at least look like a successful Communist?
Hey, have you ever been to the ballet?
(Between breaths) Oh, my God. (Joyce nods) John F. Kennedy Junior's here!
You can have ,I don't need it anymore.
I'm really sorry, but you can see why I'd make a mistake like that.
Jerry, he want me to fix him up with Marisa Tomei. I am not gonna be a part of this!
Well, this is it. Shall I go get Kramer?
That's where they filmed the movie. It's supposed to inspire me.
It's brown! (Takes clothes still on the hangers, and dumps them into the suitcase)
Nope. (Billy leans in to kiss her.) What are you doing?
Oh, man, just *rampant*, **mutant** B.O. The "O" went from the valet's "B", to the car, to me. It clings to everything. Jerry thinks it's an entity. But I showered and I shampoo'ed, so...
She's a physical therapist. She doesn't want to have to deal with that outside of the office.
Who are you to talk about her like that? She'll call him when she's good and ready. You don't even know her.
Uh, me neither and I am not about to start with George.
(to the busboy) Oh, thanks very much, the soup was really good.
I just love meeting new people. You know that's how you really do learn about life.
Jerry get the car. (she's getting the mannequin)
--that you're a bad seed, I mean, you're a fine seed.
Thanks again for taking care of that dog for us.
(holding Kramer off from getting another whiff) Hup! That's it.
Squire's walking stick. I had to write about it for the catalogue.
All right, fine. I don't care. If the plane crashes, everybody in first class is going to die, anyway.
Oh, Cheryl, can I ask you a legal question? Um, I'm being sued.
(shrugs) Yeah. (beat) What makes you think anyone would want to go to a circumcision?
Yeah? (we see that all the waitresses have big breasts)
(Interrupting) David, can you tell me where the Xerox machine is?
Well it's all taken care of. I filed a report. An investigation is underway.
Well, I got a 212 number from this little old lady in my building-- Mrs. Krantz.
No one. I'm sorry Mr. Pitt, that won't happen again.
I know, I know, this is it. (points to a door.)
Kramer, Jerry is going to be here any second, and then this line is going to start moving, and we're going to end up in the front row.
People don't say " God bless you " as much as they used to. Have you noticed that?
Hey George, I am *really* proud of you. I really do admire what you've done.
Got it! C'mon, let's go, let's go. Bye George.
Ohhh, OK, fine, fine, go ahead. But listen let me tell you something as soon as I get there I'm going to tell everyone what a jerk you are.
I thought that my suggestion was good. And, I think you could've been a little more tactful.
Yeah. I met this lawyer, we went out to dinner, I had the lobster bisk, we went back to my place, yada yada yada, I never heard from him again.
You really oughtta do something about that cold.
Oh (quietly). Is this tooth chipped? (pointing to a tooth)
Oh, well, we're all proud of the work I'm doing.
Excuse me. 'scuse me, weren't you told to stop using that hose?
Why pass up the opportunity to go to prison?
Robert. Yes. Thank you. He has two cats and Im allergic to them. You know, I finally meet a normal man, and I cant even go into his apartment, you know. And, of course, my apartment is the actors studio so we cant go there. Its really causing a lot of problems, you know. He wont even go away for the weekend because of these cats.
Oh, no. No, David. No, please. Not the knuckle....
Because they're the best Jerry, the best. Look. Maybe I'm just being paranoid.
(calling after) Hey. You forgot about my piece of pie. Hello? (irritated) You know, sex in a tub. That doesn't work!
You are really lucky Newman never mailed that letter.
So d'you think they got shrunk down, or is it just a giant sack?
(matter of fact) You can't get one ring past him.
Well, like tomorrow for example, I have to uh...I have to buy him some socks.
Aaawh...This is GREAT!!.....Now I'm gonna be stuck at the singles table with all the losers.
I know this sounds crazy, but the two men who are standing behind me are going to give me 50 bucks if I stand here and eat one of your eggrolls.
It's very nice of you to do this. I've asked several people and they wouldn't even answer me.
Oh, well, maybe I'll just go down there and thank him in person.
I'll just talk to Jerry when he gets back. (seeing the Rosses entering Monk's) Oh. Mrs. Ross, Mr. Ross.
(Sees her enemy, Sue Ellen, at the airport) Oh boy. There's Sue Ellen. She didn't want me at this wedding, but here I am with a bunch of my idiot friends!
Mmm, gorgeous, exquisite town. So, whats happening with your apartment?
No. When I shoo squirrels away, I always say "get out of here". I never ever throw things at them and try to injure them like other people.
Yeah, he's very interesting. Did you know that Mozart died while he was writing 'The Requiem'.
Oh.. (sees a guy looking at her) I got denim vest checking me out. (laughs) Fake phone number's coming out tonight.
Spite Never sleeps (doing a little dance as she says it
What about you? You were even engaged, and you cut it off just like that.
No! He's not bald. Look! He's got a full head of hair.
No, we're late as it is. I'll just take it off.
You talked about a lot of things? Well...
We-Well, what are you gonna do about the stock?
Oh god, I need a drink, do you got any Hennigan's here?
Oh really? 'Cause it looks a little big for you. It looks like something a short, stocky, slow-witted, bald man might wear.
Okay. (Takes a drink and wave Jerry to lean in) I slept with the groom.
So guess who called me last night? Jason Hanke.
Okay? That's it? I don't need a shot?
Wait a minute, wait a minute. Kramer, Kramer... Hold on a second. I don't get this. This woman has *never* been with a man her *entire* life--
Trust me. I know the look. (Pause) So...
I don't know. They wouldn't tell me. (Jerry is not listening, he's looking at two women sitting in the other booth) Jerry? Je... Hello?
But he doesn't know that. As far as he knows, somebody stole it, and that's the person who should be responsible.
(taking command) Alright, shut up. Shut up. Just let me think. I gotta think. We gotta get our story straight.
Well, to teach something you really have to know a lot about it. I think you need a degree.
Hey, did George buy Joe Mayo that chair yet?
I can't take this anymore! I don't want to hear how interesting the change with the hole in it is! And if you tell me what time it is in New York again, you are going home in a body bag!
He's not idiotic. He's the Wiz. And nobody beats him. Nobody...
Oh, yeah. Right, right. Well, all those mechanics do is work all day with their hands and their *big*, *muscular* arms on machines, and then they come home dripping with animal sexuality like Stanley Kowalski. What a huge turn-off that is.
(on phone) Hey, Kramer, it's Elaine, thanks for bringing my mattress back. And I guess I'll just get my spare key from you - whenever. All right, bye.
(from the bathroom) JERRY! (Elaine enters the living-room.) Jerry, oh, hi, welcome back. How were the shows?
Poison you? Jerry Seinfeld tried to poison you? Wha? Mr. Pitt, what are you, delirious? He's never even met you!
Have we looked over there? Have we checked that side?
Yeah, do you have any Today sponges? I know they're off the market, but...
I just got a message from Sandra, she's coming back to work.
Look. Kevin. I really like you, heh, heh, uh. But, um, maybe we'd be, better off just being.. friends. (takes a bite of her sandwich)
I 've looked everywhere , even under the couch but all I could find were the stupid Chunky wrappers. I couldn't....
I think what he's trying to say is that he's having a heart attack.
(waving away) Nah, nah, it's on me. (looks at her watch) Aww, man. Okay, listen guys, I'm gonna be late. (taking her cup of coffee) I'll see you, okay? (begins to walk away)
So, the longer you know someone, the shorter you wait for 'em.
(looking by the window) Ooh, you have a lake?
(Trying to get her bag to leave) Yeah, and him too. What?! Oh, yeah! I think George is calling me, so I'm gonna go give him a hand. Come on! Come on!
Alright, listen, we'll have to do this again some other time, okay? I got a lotta work to do.
What about ponies? What kind of abnormal animal is that? And those kids who had their own ponies...
Look at George. (On the other side of the restaurant) He lucked out, huh?
What could I do? She said there might be something for me at Doubleday. Oh wouldn't that be great I wouldn't have to work for Mr. Pitt anymore.
Well, I-I-I must a missed a button. I forgot to button it.
You know that tall really good looking guy, he lives on the fifth floor.
Married women don't 'get together'. They have affairs.
I'll tell you who doesn't think it stinks, The New Yorker. that's right. They're publishing it in their next issue. Oh! you know what I just ran into Newman in the hall and he said you tried to grope Sally Weaver.
(reading) 'The Other Side Of Darkness'. Huh, I never heard of that one.
Yeah, well, he nods. And I think he understands me, he seems to enjoy it when I read to him.
Look, let's just leave him a note, okay?
Oh!!.....Joseph Aboud .. and look at this hand ticking around the crest.
augh, he's got a big match tomorrow with Ethyl Kennedy
GEORGIE! CONGRATULATIONS! Oh, my god. I haven't seen you since it happened. I'm so happy for you.
Well, she's very focused. Dermatology is her life.
George, do you realize that Rava has asked me to edit her book?
Oh, you mean like this? So it looks like I'm saying something but I'm not really saying anything at all?
(laughing) Don't you wanna know how they got in there?
You see, they had to move the cars so the truck could get through, right? But these guys don't trust each other so they got these two nonpartisan drivers to move them.
Mr. Peterman, here are these pages that you wanted.
See, right here you wrote "Myra had the baby", but you didn't use an exclamation point.
Tell me if you think this is strange. Theres this guy who lives in my building, who I was introduced to a couple of years ago by a friend. Hes a uh teacher, or something. Anyway, after we met, whenever wed run into each other on the street, or in the lobby, or whatever, we would stop and we would chat a little. Nothing much. Little pleasantries. Hes a nice guy, hes got a family. Then after a while, I noticed there was not more stopping. Just saying hello and continuing on our way. And then the verbal hellos stopped, and we just went into these little sort of nods of recognition. So, fine. I figure, thats where this relationship is finally gonna settle polite nodding. Then one day, he doesnt nod. Like I dont exist?! He went from nods to nothing.
Oh yeah, blame it on me because you can't drive, George.
Wait a minute, wait a minute. Who is the Lopper?
You know, maybe Kramer is right, some people should just give up . I have.
You see, there's this certain flounder and they won't deliver it to my side of the street.
It's mostly bills, magazines and junk mail anyway.
(CONT'D) Sorry to have disturbed you. Terribly sorry. But the fish will be dead. You do know that. They can't live in plastic. That's not me talking, that's science.
Ok thanks so much. (the Barneys sales associate turns and walks away. Elaine turns to Kramer as he admires himself in the mirror) What are you all dressed up for?
My fake boyfriend is going through real withdrawals.
Hey, Noreen, don't go by me! Ha ha.
Bob, you know what? I'm kinda swamped here. You think you could give me a hand with some of the catalogue?
I'm not worried. It sounds like he's really good looking.
Mr. Peterman.. (leaning forward, whispering) I'm Susie.. She's me..
Oh, yeah. And I'm not really attracted to you.
Love the Label Baby, baby. You know those things make great gifts, I just got one of those for Tim Whatley for Christmas.
Really stupid. (she takes a big sip from her bottled water.)
Good. Okay, well, it's all set. I start tomorrow.
Well, he wrote the check, and I cashed it.
Ah, George, you know, that woman just looked at you.
(to herself) I can't believe this, is this guy standing me up?
Oh, lighten up. It'll only feel like an eternity.
Ugh. So now we have to rearrange our lives to avoid the doorman?
(interrupting) Alright. Alright, alright. You come in tomorrow, we'll find something for you to do.
No no no no, I was just down on the forty-second street subway today, it is disgusting. Guess who I bumped into. Owen.
Jerry, we're friends! We can't do that, it would ruin our friendship.
Uh! I made a friend when I was in Europe, okay?! And we've been in touch, and Sandra told Lippman!
(pushes Lou into the room) Lou! In here! (closes the door) We have to talk.
I looked for you too, I was all the way over on the side
Well you know George. It's not good enough to get there. You gotta make good time.
Oh, yeah, but I didnt say I hated anyone who had one.
(Reading card) Think where man's glory most begins and ends and say my glory was I had such a friend.
You don't always smell someone from a drink.
See, the great thing about robbing a fat guy is it's an easy getaway. They can't really chase ya!
Um, there's a just... (points at her own upper lip)
Such a lovely table setting. Oh, wear did you get these napkins?
I - I work for your mail order catalog.
I just like to have and few drinks and just let the guy do whatever he wants. Would you close your eyes for a second? I wanna tell you a secret about my bra.
So, because of a few bad apples you're gonna impugn an entire continent?
Hi. Sorry, I didn't hear you. I was in the shower.
Oh it's a thing where they auction off dates with bachelors for charity.
Um, ok, ah well I'll have the, th-ri-rigatoni.
No. No. Don't be silly, John, you were very good. You just don't have to try so hard. Good luck, honey.
I transferred everything in there. I threw out my old book. I'm lost now, Kramer.
Ohhh!! really ..well you know what, I write those.
So Jerome, I did a little snooping around for you.
Oh, well, Mr. Pitt, there's really nothing that can't wait. We're trying to catch a movie.
Alright, fine. I'll just cross and meet him.
Wow. Wow. You see? You think you know somebody.
Well do you have any in a... size four.?
Yeah, that's right. I don't wanna get married.
I never knew you were so into breasts. I thought you were a leg man.
I mean, how is that easier? I mean, then you would owe me twelve fifty instead of me owing you seven fifty.
Wait, wait a second are, are you Barbara Benedict?
Because if you do have a ketchup secret, I would really, really like to know what it is. (Russell is pleased, and smiles at Elaine. Elaine goes back to her table, sits down, and waves at Russell.)
Well it's only been three days, I'm sure he's gonna call.
Do you know that I have been using the same bottle of shampoo for a year? And I shampoo every day. (Carl smiles.) So, what do you think of my conversation?
No, no, no, no, no. Because I'm picturing 'French Connection', kind of thing. You know? Sort of a Popeye Doyle chase through the city!
(shakes her head) No, had no face, no personality. It was like a martian. But hey, you know that's me.
Well, correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't it a violation of club policy to not wipe down a machine after using it?
No, I don't need to know. I just think it would be nice if I knew.
you would not believe what just happened to me in the bathroom
And ... I could really live without the tribal music ... and the make out sessions in the living room
(turns towards the lunch counter) Hey Kenny. You still want to get that suit back?
Yeah, but he want's you to be a part of it.
They're my friends, but they act as if having a baby takes some kind of talent.
I am supposed to meet him to pick up your cigars.
A case! A case of sponges? I mean, uh...a case. Huh. Uh...how many come in a case?
I told him a pack of teenagers in a convertible were terrorizing us and they followed us into the city.
That is correct. But here's the beauty part - now I stand up for myself by telling everybody I'm dumping his sorry ass, and I'm the office-
Well I've asked every one at work and nobody gets this cartoon. I mean I don't understand why no one can explain it, but I'm gonna get to the bottom of this.
I really think it's the size of your neck.
Won't the landlord know I'm not the daughter?
Till when - till he goes back to Seattle, or till he can feed himself?
Hey, I went to Tufts! That was my safety school! So don't talk to me about hardship.
Boy, you know when Joel told me he hadn't thrown up in eight years, I was wondering if he was normal.
Maybe he went to one of the other levels. I'll go look for him.
Well, he doesn't even do it exactly the same. He--he--he uses a pinch at the end instead of the *swirl*!
Nothing. (Mr. Pitt comes in with some papers in hand.)
I had this dream last night and you were in it.
Ah, (releases Georges ear) whether you're aware of it or not George had this pathetic little plan to, leave something behind so he could weasel a second date.
All I know he's promised me a discount on that dress.
Well, you know, the usual; The Federal Reserve, the rainforest. Cynthia thought we should nuke the rainforest, you know, get rid of it in one fell swoop so we can at least eliminate it as a subject of conversation. What about you?
Well, guess what I'm doing. I'm going to Mr. Pitt's, and I am telling him that I am quitting.
Oh yeah. In fact I like the picture so much I cropped out the nipple and am using as my health club ID.
Yeah. You know we shouldn't have bowled that last game, I'm gonna be late.
(noticing Jerry not wanting to listen; annoyed) Jerry? Are you listening to me?
(to the manager) Hey! Come here a second. I want you to know something. You are not gonna get away with this!
Deal. Here's your problem. You're making just the muffin tops. You've gotta make the *whole* muffin. Then you... Pop the top, toss the stump. Taste.
I guess it was just a matter of time.
Yeah, he's got a real horse face. (Elaine, while looking out the window) Here, look at this! It's the guy with the dog! (She opens the window and screams) Hey! Hey! You down there! Remember me? I had to get shot because of your stupid dog!
I can see not caring what happens to us, we're human. But what about the fish? The fish?
Alright, well, I'll just take them back. (The phone rings.)
What about the party? What about the Drake?
Well what about that number Susan B. Anthony wore to the 19th Amendment party. Hnuh. Eye yye yye.
Jake, Jake. Take a look. (puts on the frames she bought) Aaw, see, you're not the only one who has 'em. I have them too.
Is he stalking you? are you kidding me?
(Takes the Tic Tacs away from Lou) Ooh, stop it! Bad voodoo. You gotta stop using these.
Because if there's even the slightest chance of any problem at all, I don't want to take it - because if I don't get this guy on a plane to Seattle and out of my life, I'm gonna kill him, and everyone who tries to stop me.
You know, these movies are great, but they're just so emotionally exhausting.
Oh, I was having lunch, and I bit down on the fork.
Kramer is actually sleeping one off, so I thought that I'd help out...(Kramer moans from the bushes) what's that, some raccoon or something...(hits Kramer with a broom.)
Vivian left me a message. I guess a certain someone changed her mind about whether someone was responsible enough to watch certain other someone.
No, no, no, this is just cranberry juice.
Um, David, you know what? Can you come help me fix the copy machine? Come.
Really? Thank you., wake up service . . . person.
Mmm. Brett, uhm, Jerry doesn't have a fax machine.
Yeah, he does it like six times a day.
Well I bet I can get in once I mention I'm from ...The New Yorker.
(still laughing, she says it just as the picture is taking) Astro...naut!
He is filing a chapter eleven. Why, what's going on, why is he filing a chapter eleven?
No, no, I was just thinking out loud I don't want my picture on a card.
Brett? Don't you think that would be great?
There was a dog in front of the building and it spooked me. I couldn't come in until he left.
What about her kid, is she bringing him, too?
Yeah. So I've been here about six years.
You don't have the label maker, do you?
Well, I should get going.. (The Doctor leans in for a kiss. Elaine stops him) What are you doing?
Oh, so now you're finding fault on a sub-atomic level.
(pulling Jerry out the door) Nah It doesn't matter come on, I'll take you.
Get those clothes off. Youre going to spend the night and were going to cuddle.
(worked up) There was nothing I could do. He said he had a Federal Express slip with your signature on it.
Hey, you know what, I think I ran into that girl from the antique store. What's her name, Christie?
Well, what did you think she was gonna do?
Actually, you know I think I did. The first time I couldn't really cons...[Monica closes the window]...entrate.
(in a rush) He never watched a door before, Mrs Payton, he didn't know how to do it. (pleading) You know, he's a comedian, Mrs Payton, they don't know how to do anything.
George...but if I ask him now, I will have no chance of going out with him.
Excuse me. Hey, how you doing. Uhm, my, uh, friend here says that he invented that little twirl you're doing.
So, this book'll tell me how to get puke out of cashmere?
No! Its an isolated, sexual incident. We are not back together!
I am lying down. I am trapped under a funky mattress. I gotta go get a doctor or at least come over and roll this thing off of me.
I was hoping you know, that you might be interested in... changing teams?
Aahh, (pushes Jerry from her seat at the table) Get Out! How did it happen?
Haven't been in the lab yet. But I am birth control shopping today. (Kramer overhears as he returns to the booth.)
Before we get started, I am happy to tell you that Eddie Sherman is no longer writing for this catalog.
No. I once made out with someone but that was it.
Well Kramer, I have to return this test. I've got to get out of here.
..We shared an interpersonal experience. (George hits his glass with his fork. To Jerry) Go on.
Yeah, well, he's in perfect health. He works out, he's vibrant. You'd really like him.
Yes. Yes I ran into her today. This woman has never, not once, ever, as long as I have known her, worn a bra.
I don't know. Does this movie stink or what!
No I haven't spoken to her all day-uh, yeah right, um, as a matter of fact, um, she was here, and she uh, left a note, but I wasn't here, but I have the note, uh, right here.
I am, but that is not the point. You are thirteen, and I am in my early... 20s.
Oh, and before I forget, I have the checks for the first month, last months security deposit. (laughs) I have seventy-five dollars left in my account.
Uh, Kramer. Kramer, I'd like you to meet my friend Wendy.
So, I haven't seen you in a while.
I need a clean urine sample from a woman.
Hey, what if I got my, nose pierced? That would be pretty freaky.. Oooohhhhaaa! (sliding off Jerry onto the hallway floor)
Last time I had lunch with you here. You were going *on* and *on* and *on* about how you wanted to meet somebody who didn't speak English.
Jean-Paul? (searching everywhere) Hey Jean-Paul? Jean-Paul? (worried) Jean-Paul?! Oh man... (calling Jerry's) Oh...machine.
(whispering) She's not... and the guy just took off. (makes a sad face) Don't say anything to anybody.
No we didn't. You take these things too literally. It's like saying, you're hungry enough to eat a horse.
Well, I don't know. I mean, I talked to him and, blah blah blah, he asked about you guys and, da da da da da, more questions, bleh bleh bleh....
Oh, let me get the door for you. (They carry the couch out the door.) Ooh, be careful!
Shut up or I'll snap you in half and stuff you in the overhead!
Now, lookit, this plane leaves at 1015. We're getting up at about eight. That gives us enough time, right?
(To Sue Ellen) See? See the way they are?! We're - we're still best friends, right?
I can't, I don't have it, I don't have a square to spare, I can't spare a square
Oh, right now he's a fact checker for New York Magazine. It's not much, but it has a certain type of quiet dignity.
(Pointing out) Isnt that from your act, like, ten years ago?
If there's anything you can do to get us a table we'd really appreciate it.
Oh! Oh, I love it! I absolutely love it!
Anyway so Fred and I are going to do some volunteer work for that Church on Amsterdam.
Here's your ketchup back. You know, I had the hardest time trying to get some out. I mean, I just kept pounding and pounding on the bottom of it. Do you have any trouble?
Oh, why? I love it when guys call me the next day.
(looking out of window) Oh my God. That man over there. I think he's wearing glasses that look just like Jake's. Pull over, stop the car. (hands money to cabbie as she exits) Here, here. I think I got a way of getting back at my ex-boyfriend.
Nothing, nothing. I'm just taking an interest in what you...do.
Why did you let him in?! (Shoves George.)
Did you see that? Did you see that, Jerry?
You might've if I'd stayed. So you know what? I got served with papers today. Ping is suing me. I need your virgin as a witness. You better be nice to her.
Look, uh, Mr. Peterman, the fact is that I was planning on breaking up with Zach anyway. He was cheating on me!
(answers the phone) Hello, Mr. Peterman, how are you feeling?
Hah. She's not a "me". I'm a "me".
Uhuh, um you didn't feel uncomfortable spending the whole day at the museum with two complete strangers who were more than twice your age?
Yes. There was this homeless guy who used to urinate on our garbage cans.
( to Kramer who just got in with his camcorder) Ooooh! You're taping.
Oh listen we should stop off on the way and get a bottle of wine or something.
I did not bare myself deliberately, but I tell you, I wish now that I had! (Fred, shocked by her speech, flees. She calls after him, still standing at the hallway) Because it is not me that has been exposed, but you! For I have seen the nipple on your soul!
Isn't it obvious? This mannequin looks exactly like me.
Alright, alright. Here, hold this. I'm doin' it.
(to herself) What am I doing? I'm on a date with this guy because he didn't remember me? He's demented, listen to him...
Ooh, I gotta check my machine. I'm waiting to hear about an interview. Doubleday is looking for somebody to replace Jackie Onassis.
I got news for you. Golda Meir could make 'em all run up a tree.
Well, Mr Seinfeld, I..I'm not sure I understand why you want a job here.
What? What have I become? I haven't "become" anything...
Okay. Hi Gene! (comfortably tosses her bag to the left, it falls on the floor) Uh-ha! (smiling, picks up her bag, puts it on a chair that's to the right)
yeah, Tony says you better step off George
Well, this you're not gonna believe. I found out why I was testing positive for opium. Poppy seeds!
(irked) Oh, what? You don't like that suggestion either?
What the hell is this? Where are you?
(cont.) they go flying out of his hands, and one lands on her face and the other lands on his face. (pause as they both continue to laugh really hard) and the whole place went crazy.
George, we can't show up at someone's house with Ring Dings and Pepsi.
Yeah. I just wish he has a different name.
(SHE LOOKS AT HER WATCH) You'd better find this car.
Hey, I've had those since college. They're bunnies.
I don't know. Now, I'm thinking maybe we shouldn't do this.
(upset) Did you just roll your eyes at him? Because let me tell you something, if anobody should be rolling their eyes, it is me at him about you.
Thank you, thank you, thank you very much.
Powerful. He is so powerful, he can lift a hundred pounds right up over his head. And um, what else. What else. Oh, right. Um, well, he's kind of, just kind of losing his hair.
Veggie sandwich and a grapefruit? What are you turning into?
What-- What are you looking at me for?
He thinks that if a woman sees a guy put on a better show, she'll walk out on his show, go see the other show.
Oh, he'll be right up. He's just getting some beer. And Im not expecting ... any change. (leans forward as she brings her hands together in front of her, then sits on the couch)
You are not going to believe what happened to me at the doctors office today.
Can you believe that, Vivian doesn't think I'm responsible?
(quietly) Can you stop and pick up those clubs Kramer?
Ach, I don't like the sound of this one.
(to Jerry) "Hey ! You want to go see "The Velvet Fog".
I would be embarrassed to bring it up.
No no, oh, you know what that is? I um, went claming the other day and I forgot to hose off my boots.
I can't! He's got a big showcase for record producers at his late show tonight. I don't wanna upset him. Aw, what the hell, I'll upset him.
What d'you think is the matter? I've been assigned to work on Kramer's coffee table book.
All right, well...you want to grab some coffee?
Jerry, cant you incorporate one unselfish act in your daily routine?
In the dark room? Uh no, no thank you. Not right now. I'm a day person!... Are you all right?
Boing! Hehe hehe. (makes a hand gesture to her forehead and away)
Hey, did you happen to speak to my friend George?
George, you got a little something, right here.
Yes they do, you can liquefy a cookie.
I hope it's not that one, because I cannot wear orange.
Well, so enjoy yourself. (clink glasses) ha ha uh ha
You know what I think this thing is gonna get picked up George. You guys are gonna be rich!
N-I know they're your parents Jerry an' they're very nice people. But don't you think it's odd, that a thirty-five year old man is going to these lengths to see that someone else's parents are enjoying themselves? I mean don't you find that abnormal?
(dismissive) I dunno, some designer. Anyway, Brett is so generous, and sensitive. Last night he was moved just listening to a song.
Hi Paul! It's Elaine calling! Yeah, I'm calling from a car phone so I don't really have time to talk. Is, is, uh, Noreen there?!... Oh. She's not?! (hurries to put phone down) Okay, great. Well you can just tell her I called, then, an'-- Well, yes. It has been unseasonably cool lately... Oh, okay, well, look I'm pulling up to the building now. So, I'm gonna... (a little later, Elaine is sitting and looking very bored) Yeah, I took 20% too... Um. Look it uh... (turns hair dryer on and off) Paul. The... car seems to be running out of gas so... I'm gonna... have to get off the phone. (hangs up)
O.K., can I just watch the show? (mutters under her breath) God, what an asshole.
See, now this is exciting! This is exciting! Did I miss anything already?
You know, things were going so good for me, you know, I got the job promotion, we were talking about moving in together -
Stop it! That's not even a song! I mean, now we're celebrating a sick day?
Jerry, can't you just give it one more day, it's not his fault.
Oh. OK. Maybe we could grab some lunch sometime. D-do you work around here or-?
Where am I going to find a Mohel? (LOOKING THROUGH THE YELLOW PAGES, MUTTERING) Motels, models... How do you find a Mohel?
No, she doesn't want to. Okay, bye, George. We'll see ya.
I don't know. I'll hide 'em. So, is Kramer upset?
Well, I have an idea. Keep the van, and get a bumper sticker that says, 'If this vans a-rockin', don't come a-knockin'.'
What d'you mean, sort of? What'd he do?
Oh, Kramer, thats the bakery. Stop here. Stop here.
Listen, I got news for ya, its nice to be involved with somebody who?s interested in something other than nick at night. Now he?s got a grip on reality, he's happy, he's well adjusted.
Well, You might wanna think about...maybe, eh...moving your arms a little when you walk.
You know what, let's put a few cookies in a blender and he could drink it.
Huh. Well this is a little awkward, isn't it/
I waited, he didn't show up. Anyway, this guy gave me an open-lip kiss.
Well, I'm sure that they would fly us first class.
Well ya. I guess so Why? You wanna do something?
So listen, what should I do? I mean if I break up with him now it'll look like I'm abandoning him because of his condition, I'll be ostracized from the community.
What are you doing? What is all this?
I don't know. Nina. Nina! (Feeling she's said to much, she goes to leave) I'm gonna go grab a bite.
Jerry ( as they come into the apt.) Jerry, Susan says I can't be an usher at he wedding.
(irritated) Your funeral's not gonna come close to this.
Find out if likes you?. What, are you in High School?...George come on can't you just talk to her yourself?
Yeah, last night. Oh, come on... Men *have* to get up early some time...
OK, we're broken up for the rest of the day.
All right, we can move faster without father o'gimpy.
(sitting) Ah, I think I really strained it. Ow.
That's cute. That's really cute. Oh! Come on! All right. Bye again.
Um... Look Russell... You're a very sweet guy. But I got to be honest with you. I don't like television... and that's your world. That's your life. I mean maybe if you were in... I don't know... Greenpeace or something, that would be different, but network television... I mean, come on, Russell, you're part of the problem.
Ah, I sat too close to the screen. Oh. I just gotta stretch out in a hot bath. It was nice to see you again, Lloyd.
Nothing. I hate everything I have, I really hate it. (The weeping increases in volume and intensity) I mean, at this point, it's like I can wear something three or four times and that's it.
Wait a second wait a minute, You jealous of him or you jealous of me?
Excuse me? Excuse me, but I didn't get a meal.
A-hu hu hu hu. Yuri Testikov, the Russian writer! Hellooo!
O.k. Hold on just a second. (Gets up and heads to the bathroom. George knocks at the door.)
Yeah, I know that tone. This is a bit.
I don't know. They're takin' a nap or something.
(to Rava) So, the meeting with Lippman is all set. Hes the editor-in-chief! I think because of your request-
It's an open ended ticket. He can return any time he wants.
(Car tires screeching) Woah, ahhh. Hehe Ha ha ha. That was close. Confide in her, open up to her. You know women like that.
I'm sorry I can't stay for the... second act.
I didn't talk to anyone - I was just walking by, and I saw the sign, and I thought George might get a kick out of it.
NO time for folding.. (Looks around) I think that's it. (Zips up the suitcase)
He called 6 times yesterday. What a nightmare it must be to have a real family.
I can tell. You know how you're always bragging how you can spot a lesbian?
I'm not going for this, Kramer should go! It was all his idea!
Well, you can't quit, you're all I've got. I need you!
Russell, see, I'm really not interested in this stuff and I do have to go to work (she gets up). So...
She's gonna ask how you got her number.
I'm trying to help. Why are you being so difficult?
You were right Kramer, this slicer is absolutely amazing...yeah, yeah...no no no I'll bring it by tonight...ok bye.
Uh, I promise you, Jerry is not jealous of Kramer's cabinet.
Hey you know a friend of mine from work said that she saw George at the tennis match on TV yesterday.
Mr. Peterman, you have my deepest sympathies. Unfortunately, I've gotta get going.
Oh, Kevin! I'm so sorry. Is there anything I can do?
I'm taking a cab home. I can't this anymore.
Hey, George? What is this? (laughing, Elaine makes the same outstretched arm motion) What is that? No really, what is that?
I can't believe what's going on out here.
Oh yeah, sure, sure. So ah, did ya have a good time at the party last night?
I can't stand Joe Mayo's parties. You know, the second you walk in, he's got you workin' for him. 'Hey, can you do me a favor? Can you keep an eye on the ice, make sure we have enough?' Uh...
The only way I could talk him out of it was that I agreed to go and visit the Tunisian desert.
What is this your mail? (She takes a magazine and starts flipping through it)
You just left? What did you tell her?
Hey, if you saw me naked, I wouldn't want to ride back in the same car with you either.
I am ready to skate up a-- ha, ha, ha...Why are you wearing that?
Where've you been? We're gonna miss the movie, let's go.
Jerry! Of course he'd pay him a visit. You'd be happy to.
I-cu-di-ge--You think I should go and ask her for hers?
So now Joe Mayo wants me to buy him a new coat.
Well, she didn't ask me what I wanted.
You can't change your chart. It's your chart.
I'll tell her I was the one who laughed.
"All right then say you were. I mean .. what do you think could have happened.?"
I have to haul some dirty garbage to the dump.
Well, as you can see the comforter I expensed is actually the Aristotle goose down tunic. (laughs, modeling the comforter) What do you think?
(pushing Bob away) Get offa me! Stop it. Stop it.
(leaving again) Keep 'em! (George and Jerry savour the joke)
That was right when we were in front of the bathroom door.
Ah! Because, I'm going to the dentist, and I'm afraid, and I want you to go with me.
Oh God I didn't notice. Oh, what am I going to do? You know your whole life you go through painstaking efforts to hide your nipple and then BOOM, suddenly hundreds of people get their own personal shot of it.
You know, Jerry has one of those every time he bombs on stage.
Hey, you're not going to believe what Kramer did to my mattress. . . . I can't talk to you like this. So Kramer completely funked up my mattress.
No, because I was in charge of the coats. It's... insane.
Hey! Look who's here! Hey Kurt, this is Jerry, and George, and Kramer.
Boy, we are REALLY anxious to sit down.
(looking in the box) Well what is this?
Watch this. (Puts the bottle of Schnapps in her mouth, flips her head up, drinking it, then puts it back down with her teeth. She is effected by that last drink) Oh.. God..
So uh, how are you getting to the airport? D'you need a ride, or...
(quiet vehemence) Oh. No. I can't do this any more. I can't. It's too long. (to the screen) Quit telling your stupid story, about the stupid desert, and just die already! (louder) Die!!
And there it was, mountains of duck. And not fatty duck either, but juicy tender breasts of duck.
I need to replace an antique piece of cake.
Oh, I love it. I'm glad . . . I kept it.
It's not a theater, it's like a room where they bring in POWs to show them propaganda films.
A.A. It's one of the Twelve Steps. Step number Nine is you have to apologize to anyone you've ever wronged.
Ah, you don't know anything. You see, "I don't know anything", means there's something to know. If you really didn't know anything you would have said "You're crazy."
Oh fine, I dont like to be around people who are just so irresponsible.
Ahan, Ahan....yeah...Euh but, Why is it that the, that the animals enjoy reading the email?
(having trouble getting him to pay attention) So, I'm going to a nudist colony next week.
(deadpan) Oh, I don't know what I was thinking.
No, no, no, I sensed something. I did sense something. I perceived a possibility Jerry.
It's the Urban Sombrero. I put it on the cover.
Here! Here! You want a brown sweater?! (Recahes into one of her drawers, and grabs a brown sweater, then packs it) You got a brown sweater!
Wha-You never see him. He sidled me again in my office. I was sitting there making Cup-A-Soup singing that song from "The Lion King".
Just 'cause you have his keys? Why does he need yours?
What, you mean, in your mother's house, or all together?
Let us out. There's an unmarried pregnant woman down here.
Sue Ellen Mishke? Ah, alright, send her in.
Oh well nothing wrong with that. Gotta make those big bucks. . . . money money money money money money money . . . ha ha ha ha ah . . . are you a communist?
Oh, god, it's probably from sleeping on that sofa.
I just ran in to Monica. You know what my IQ is? 151.
I don't like the way you just rejected my suggestion.
rock climbing? hehe.. where do you come off going rock climbing.. rock climbing? you need a boost to climb into your bed (Elaine laughs)
'Cause, I mean, when you get to know me, you'll see that I'm a pretty good humanitarian. (Waitress comes to the table and pours more coffee.) You are doing a wonderful job, by the way. Thanks a lot. (To Kevin) Right? Am I right? (Kramer walks by.) Kramer. Kramer! Come here, look at my new friend Kevin. (Kramer and Kevin shake hands.) Oh, you got a little, uh...
(Full of pride) My new salesman boyfriend took me out to celebrate his promotion.
I don't like this, it is to easy.
Five cups chopped porcini mushrooms. Half a cup of olive oil. Three pounds celery.
Oh didn't work. He caught me hearing. Alright it's terrible, but I'm not a terrible person.
(to the saleswoman) Excuse me. Where did this come from?
Well, it's funny. I mean, you have a big head. Or is it 'cause of your neck?
Jer, do you see where this is going?
What? What is goin' on with you two?
Yeah! And the best part is, I still get to look for work in publishing.
So, I'm going out tonight with Robert and the boss and his wife.
I didn't ruin anything. He looked like an idiot. He did, and it made him act like a jerk.
are you kidding, he's a mimbo I know that.. but he's my mimbo, you know and even if he is a hideous freak maybe, maybe I can learn to love him, maybe in some final irony (Jerry is looking the other way), I'll learn what love really is. You know Jerry
(losing patience) Alright--would you just put her on?
Do you see the irony here? You're rejecting somebody because they're bald.
Kramer, my neighbor has a cat. When you blew the power, we must've shut off the automatic feeder.
I mean, why does he do that? Doesn't he know what a huge turnoff that is?
Different pipes go to different places! You're gonna mix 'em up!
Oh. You know what? (indicates clubs) I'm gonna grab these from you later. You'll take care of 'em, okay? Okay. See you tomorrow.
Then we ended up going out to lunch and he had some great gossip about James Thurber.
Well did you notice anything unusual about it?
It's so amazing getting to see Monica Seles playing in the finals.
Coccoon II The Return. I guess they didnt like it up there.
You think you can pose me however you want? That's my ass in your window!
Nodding off!... Well, I was right. He's an adulterer. And he's cheating on his wife with me!
Pretty good? Well uh! This is a gem . Kramer look it....(Kramer stays silent).....What? It's funny.
You know... I can't wait to get that dress..
(sighs ahh) Could I see the ring again?
Yeah, I'd go for that. Would you go for that?
What kind of a name is Todd Gack anyway.
I suspect that this guy I'm seeing might be drinking but I can't smell it.
I'm not going, I'm gonna watch the dog.
So, if your parents move to Florida, you're poor.
(intense) So what? No-one's gonna believe a doorman!
Your hair. It's so thick and lustrous. I mean, it...it was.
(Leans in close) Between you and me, what happened there with the stabbing?
Oh, I could never say anything to her about that.
He was struttin' around the coffee shop like Stein Erickson.
No no no no, Kramer, I just had lunch with him, he didn't leave the table.
Calm down, I'll take care of it. (Ms. Walker looks suspicious of Elaine)
No. You can wrap it. (Dejected. Elaine puts her head down and her hand to her forehead as she walks into the dressing room area) Kramer, are you still in there?
(singing) '...let somebody love you. Let somebody love you, before it's too...'
No George, it's so funny. We saw this cab driver's picture, right?
Well, will you pay my cab fare out there?
All right. Jerry, that's enough now about the Soup Nazi. Whoa! Wow! Look at this. You know what this is? This is an antique armoire. Wow! It's French. Armoire.
(thinking and typing) It was a cold winter's night in Timbuktu... (hits the keyboard) Oh! This stinks! (grabs a Himalayan walking shoe and starts squeezing it for inspiration) Oh, come on... come on...!...God! (quits)
Oh, come on, come on. I?ll guarantee 140. What do you have to lose?
Hey, hey, hey! I met this guy! And it was like this, totally unreal, fairy tale moment.
Hey, Jer. Are you going to this Bob Sacamano party?
Uh, so, anyway, I'm sorry for wasting your time.
Oh, what is this? You got me something?
so I ask this woman in the stall next to me for some and she refuses! ha ha
Well, they say all it is is that you go over to their apartment and, I dunno, you take them for a walk and you get a cup of coffee and it's supposed to make them feel good.
"Hey! Hey! listen ... Do one of you guys know that ..that blond guy who's always on the exercycle at the health club. You know he's just really handsome?.."
Oh, this is great. This is what I need, just what I need. Ok, take it easy I'm sure it's nothing. Probably rats on the track, we're stopping for rats. God, it's so crowded. How can there be so many people? This guy really smells, doesn't anyone use deodorant in the city? What is so hard, you take the cap off, you roll it on. What's that? I feel something rubbing against me. Disgusting animals, these people should be in a gage. We are in a gage. What if I miss the wedding? I got the ring. What'll they do? You can't get married without the ring. Oh, I can't breath, I feel faint. Take it easy, it'll start moving soon. Think about the people on the concentration camps, what they went through. And hostages, what would you do if you were a hostage? Think about that. This is nothing. No, it's not nothing, it's something. It's a nightmare! Help me! Move it! Com'on move this fu(beep) thing!! Why isn't it moving?!? What can go wrong with a train!?! It's on tracks, there's no traffic! How can a train get stuck. Step on the gas!! What could it be? You'de think the conductor would explain it to us? 'I'm sorry there's a delay we'll be moving in 5 minutes'!! I wanna hear a voice. What's that on my leg?!!
All right and that just about... does it.
Paccino's? Oh no. You should never order pizza from Paccino's.
The girls for poker night. You know, Joanne, Renee, Winona...
How do you even know the jacket is there?
Obviously. And if they stay, you're rich, but...
No, I - I really don't think you can do that.
I don't know what I'm gonna do. She asked me to give her a baby shower.
What?...Oh! by the way. What am I going to be in the wedding party?
Well, I mean, he was in the apartment, and then its gone and its in your apartment.
Boy, too bad. If I was up there, youd never hear a peep out of me. Im as quiet as a mouse.
Yeah! And he is so boring! But now, whenever he answers the phone I just hang up.
Well, this is a little awkward, isn't it?
'Oooh, and that coffee table is saying, put some coffee on me!' I'd like to put some coffee on her. Hot, scalding coffee - right in her face! I swear! This is like working with a contestant from "The Price Is Right"! (demonstrates a winner on "The Price Is Right")
You're in big trouble mister. And I mean trouble with a capital 'T'. (she leaves)
You made a man cry? Ive never made a man cry. I even kicked a guy in the groin once and he didnt cry. I got the cab.
What? Calling people I hardly know, and demanding they return expensive gifts, that's my "thing"?
W-well I don't think so Aaron, uh, I have plans.
George knows that you slept with Nina. That's why he was acting so weird.
Jerry, this is Joanne, and this is Stan. Theyre in my short story class with Roxanne and me.
"Well, what am I gonna do for a date.?...Oh! do you know that ..hemmm! blond guy who's always at the exercycle at the health club?"
Oh, I was gonna surprise Joey with them, you got an extra one right?
Just my luck, y'know... just when he's getting thin and attractive. Y'know Jerry, you should buy some of his art. That would really lift his spirits.
Well I think they might have sutured that thing to your brain.
I didn't know Cheryl Miller's brother played basketball.
I am not calling Puddy. What did I do with my gloves? Oh, I bet I left them over at Puddys. I should call him. I need those gloves. No, I better not. Ill call. (looks at table) Oh, look at that! There are the gloves. I was just about to call. There they are. Thats funny. Thats really funny. Thats really really funny. You know who loves funny stories, David Puddy. (Picks up phone).
Yeah? Well, we're gonna kick your butts tonight.
(Giving up) Okay.. (Sits, George laughs) So.. (Trying to think up something to talk about) Frank, did George ever show you that photo?
No, I was a fantastic beard. I held hands, I called him honey.
Oh, nothing, I just stopped by to chat, you know, shoot the breeze.
Wow! That is unbelievable. The pain is totally gone!
(Not sure if it was an insult or a compliment) Oh, thank you. (Leslie leaves. Then Elaine wonders to herself) "Like you were in college"?
Hm. (looking at Kurt's driver's license photo) Hey, driver's license. Oh...my God.
So, you had to carry some of Keri's stuff. Big deal.
Uh, who else?  Mookie. Mookie was there. Do you know him?
Yeah, I eat these muffins all the time.
George, you didn't have to do this. I'm president of a big company. I can afford to buy you coffee.
Well, what about at night? What do you do then?
Really? Tell us more, Mr. Science. (Rachel whispers in Jane's ear, which prompts Jane to laugh)
How can you possibly show your face there again?
He probably busted it up and burned it for heat.
Hey, you scrunched me. I sat down here first.
(on phone) Yes, hi. Okay, fine, yeah, hold on just a second. Lemme just... (reaches into purse) Yeah, I've got it... (pulls out both hands completely covered in black ink) Oh! Oh! Yeah, yeah, he'll be there. (drops phone, rushes to Pitt) Mr. Pitt, you have GOT to stop staring at that poster!
Oh, yeah. I usually work naked a...couple hours a day.
Come on, We're two intelligent people here. We can figure this out. Now we got a dog and a cat in an office.
Oh, wow, these are nice. Do they have any cultural significance?
(Reflects on the story) I don't understand.. you were wearing the pants you were returning?
Um, oh, it's Townscend, which is NEAR Baltimore.
There on vacation. Every doctor in this city seems to know who I am .
So, if he has my keys, I should have his.
I... thought that I would meet you halfway.
"About tonight hum.. there's been a little misunderstanding."
Yeah right, Salman Rushdie. Yeah well, I can see that - you got five millions Moslems after you, you wanna stay in pretty good shape.
I'm really looking forward to this. I love weddings. Maybe I'll meet somebody, umm maybe not.
Mr. Peterman sent me over here for a physical because as you may or may not know, he and I are going on a trip to Kenya. Africa. My first such mission for the company. The Massai bushmen wear these great sandals and we're gonna knock them off. Not the Massai, the sandals.
I don't know. (big smile) Just, things seem a little more exciting when you're around. That's all.
What? No, no - we didn't do anything.
Oh, no. Jerry, I can't take any more gentle sobbing.
So, how is a guy like you not involved?
No. Let me see that. (Takes the paper from Jerry) Don't-mess-with-Johnny."
Thank you. (looking at the messages) Oh ya, heh, I'll call you back. Ooh, Myra had the baby! Oh, my God that's wonderful! Who called?
A hundred and fifty dollars? A hundred and fifty dollars for what? For this couch?
Good. Cause Dad can make some people a little uncomfortable.
Well, George, I just want you to hear me say to Anna that you're a good and decent person.
No. no, she doesn't live here anymore. This is someone else.
Five thousand dollars? I dont have five thousand dollars.
I just said the same thing to you.
Lets face it, you get a bunion, where are you going? Youre not going to the ear guy.
Oh, he's out in front of the building. He's arguing with some guy about a parking space.
So, I found out who supplies the mannequins and I called 'em up.
Oh, sure! Why don't you give me your number?
Never even seen you? Gotta kinda envy that...
Fifty dollars, okay? Fifty dollars, is that all right?
Huh. Yeah thanks for getting us tickets too.
``Ponce de Leon'', are you kidding me? I hated that movie!
I actually like ponies. I was just trying to make conversation. What times your game?
No. He said I didn't need a shot.
(Explaining) Because he hasn't called me since we got back.. I spilled wine on his 8 by 10 photo of one of his favorite Italian opera stars.
Hey Kramer, you know what? There, there isn't a light there, in the ladies' room.
He believes it possesses some extraordinary power over women.
What's she going to do? There's no more tickets.
Well I'm in the biz .. I work for J. Peterman.
No, no, no. It's weak. No one's gonna buy it, and you shouldn't be selling it.
Hey, Kramer, listen, you've seen the Omen right?
Yeah, yeah, I got Cynthia on the other line.
(guiltily) Ah... You're the woman from the street, and I am so sorry. You know, I'm not really a home-wrecker. I-I-I-I-I thought he was a superhero. I swear.
Yeah, Jerry, I have to conserve these sponges.
No, no no no, none that I can, um, remember.
Hey, dont forget Sunday, okay? You and George are coming, right? Hotel Westbury, eight oclock.
Well it's a lesson for the kids out there. Anything's possible. Jeromy, I have *hit* the jackpot. The perfect man. Nothing but sex and shopping.
You mean the three of them in that tiny apartment?
I did. He loves Rava. Worse, he loves Ray. And he didn't think youre funny at all.
(to the waitress) Could we get a little more? (she doesn't listen and walks away) Aghh... You know ever since this new owner took over, the service here is *really* slow.
why does she have to chew so many?
Oh he is. Kind of. I mean, I call him doctor. (She walks away and sees George sitting down reading books) George. (He holds up his hand to signal her to wait a second.)
No. We were both in the mood for one.
Yeah, he was waitin' inside his apartment for him with a sock full of pennies.
Never been a big fan. [coughing] Um..you know what? Has anyone ever told you you look exactly like Al Pacino? You know, " Scent Of A Woman." Who-ah! Who-ah!
Youre afraid to sit next to a man. Youre a little homophobic, arent ya?
(pause) Ah. I've-I've got plans, though, Mr. Li--
You're black. You said we were an interracial couple.
They put real blue berries in this. And there's real blue berries. What kind did you get?
(surprised) What do you mean it's about nothing?
Really? From a distance, you seemed to be coming on to her.
Oh. Well, you know, I had planned to uh-
Uh, my father's half drunk. ha ha ha ha
I still don't understand why we had to walk out on that movie.
Arby's. Beef and cheese and do you believe in god?
Hey, did Jerry leave that drink next to Dick's on purpose?
Alright, alright. We do it, uh... (thinks) five times a week, okay?
This the Urban Sombrero, I put it on the last catalog cover.
Well, there's not really much to tell, you know, he's just a guy, Really.
Oh, it's a poster of the three tenors.
(wry, not impressed) Well you cracked it! I warned the Queen you were gettin' close an', now it looks like we're gonna have to move the whole damn forbidden city. (chuckles with JERRY)
Well, I don't know. I'll have to sit on it.
Ahh, it's good, isn't it? Yankee Bean. Why Yankee Bean, huh? Don't they have beans in the south? I mean if you order Yankee Bean in the south, are they offended? Huh? (singing) Yankee Bean, Yankee Bean, I like my Yankee Bean. (she puts the bowl down and wipes Owen's mouth with a napkin) Owen, I think we have to talk. I mean, uh, *I* have to talk. It would be nice if *we* could, but, uh, whatever. Um, don't get me wrong, I like coming here, and uh, feeding you and cleaning a little, and paying your bills, that's good stuff. Good stuff! I have a wonderful time when I'm with you, wonderful! But at this point in my life, I'm not really sure that I'm ready to make a commitment to one person. I'm just not really sure that we have enough in common. For example, I like running in the park, bicycling, roller skating, tennis and skiing, and um, well, I'm gonna be brutally honest with you now, Owen, it's a bitch to get here. It's two subways. I have to transfer at Forty-second Street to take the double-R. Anyway, I mean, this doesn't mean we can't be friends. These pretzels are making me thirsty.
Yeah, I'll come by after work. Hey, I got a rubber pencil thing happenin' here.. (Sandra passes her doorway) Uh, I gotta go. I gotta go. (Hangs up) Sandra! Sandra? Hi, can you come here for a second?
(to Jerry) What is she doing? She's starting in on the bidding now? (to Auctioneer) Eighty-five hundred!
(pointing a finger accusingly at Kramer) You! This is all your fault! You told me I could run the company!
Five days? You want me to stay here for five more days?
(Tilts her head down, looking over her glasses in amazement of
Yeah, it was, but then I just couldn't decide if he was really sponge-worthy.
Well, I guess we'll just have - (Lou has left) Ohh, just gimme that. (takes the papers and walks away)
(in Jerry's apartment) Ah, I've given up. So, now we're going to a bunch of Spanish restaurants. I figure that'll cover us either way.
What a sale, huh? And how about that store, delivering it tonight? We're gonna be swimming in 'thank you's...
You won't believe this but, as I'm leaving, she calls me "Susie."
You oughta at least take a look at it.
Oh. You mean you'd stop it for me?
So I spoke to some of my sisters about that coffee shop.
Huh... Thursday is no good because weve got to get to the hospital to see if we qualify as those organ donors.
Jerry, what is he talking about? He's being ridiculous.
Very cool. So, what do you say? Can you do this one little favor, Newmie?
You know maybe he's been busy. Maybe he's been out of town?
You told me? You pushed this whole thing on me, it was your idea!
Sure. (thinking) Ooh, a project. That's a definite signal.
Well, I'm sure it's right up Russell's alley.
No no, I want to eat now! (she gets the money from under the page)
Yes. I spotted him getting his mail. And at first, I was just going to walk on by, but then I thought, No no no. No. Do not be afraid of this man.
Yank it like (pops open soda can) you're starting a mower.
Oh, excuse me. (gets up to talk with Jerry) What have you been doing, I've been smacking myself senseless. People think I'm a mental patient.
Four hundred a month? Only four hundred a month?!
he's supposed to get the bandages off on Sunday.. what if?
That?s a good question, good question, its very... exerstential! Who are you? Who am I? Yeah, well.
But you gave me a ticket to the Super Bowl. Hand it over, Whatley.
88th Street? That's where Joe Mayo lives. That's the coat!
(relieved) Oh. Oh, oh, phew. You know, for a minute there I thought it was like that urban legend about the guy with the hook who's hanging on the fender...
Look, I don't think this is appropriate right now.
Doesn't he know how ridiculous he looks in that thing?
... I'm a friend of George Costanza's. (while she is talking, she is dragging George in by pulling his ear)
Oh, who do you think you're going? Do you think that they have big picnic tables there?
One little baby, whatever you have in stock.
(looking around her desk) Where is your resume?
What I mean who ever heard of this anyway? Suing a company because there coffee is too hot? Coffee is supposed to be hot.
So I guess I'll have to buy him a new coat, even though I don't think I should be held responsible, which I am anyway.
All right, then, I was gonna wait, to tell ya this, but.. last night, Susie.. (difficult subject, quiet) she took her own Life..
He's lying. They're in the trunk (takes car keys) Now you get to sign another one.
It was unbelievable. Six weeks of traveling through Mexico all on Peterman's peso.
What is that noise? What is that noise?
Hey, hey. Me. Talking. You know, between you and me, I always thought Kramer was a bit of a doofus, but he believed in me. *You* did not. So as I see it, he's not the doofus. *You* are the doofus.
Alright, can we (glances at her watch) go?
Oh, wait a minute. Don't tell me that that was ...
Look, Jerry, we have to have sex to save the friendship.
Kramer You got go back in there grab my manuscript.
Yeah, no kidding. That lawyer was gonna charge me a fortune.
Oh, come on. One thing? One thing! What?
Ohh! Oh, the city shuts down Fifth avenue. They never let anyone through. We're never getting home.
It depends on who's going. (to George) Are you going?
Well, I have to admit, I've always thought David was kind of sponge-worthy. (Winks, making a clicking sound with her tongue)
It's Sue Ellen Mischke, this old braless friend I hate. (Elaine tries to cover her face)
But, what is the comment. (she slides the magazine back to him)
(Soaking it in) Right. Don't go. Send a gift. I think I understand.
Quite a dilemma. You know, I have a bit of a dilemma of my own.
She lives right above First Avenue, says she has a perfect view of the race. And she said I can invite some friends.
My, George this must have cost a fortune.
...and then the ball hits him in the head and he falls right over the railing!
Unh, something with his spleen. Anyway it'll just take five minutes, O.K., and then, the hospital is right on the way.
Hey! Monkeys! Knock it off. My best friend is trying to get married up here!
Oh, boy would I love to see that.
No! It's not a good thing! It's a bad thing! Do you know what this is like? To have no control over a relationship? And - and you feel sick to your stomach all the time? Do you know what that's like?
I thought you had a show in Ithaca.
Uhm excuse me... uh... a man came in here...
Well by now, you think people would be a little more open minded.
(still with her imitation, shouting even louder) STELLA! STELLA!
Wait, George saw the movie? I saw him yesterday, he didn't mention it.
Spit it out? I had dogs chasing me for that mutton. I was almost mauled because of that mutton.
Obviously, Mr. Peterman, there's something wrong with this test. I don't take opium. Let me take another one, please? I'll call the doctor right now, I'll take a pop urine test.
'Cause that belongs to Mr. Potato Guy, that's his.
You, uh...got a big stain on your shirt.
Alright - um, excuse me, hi, could you tell me what kind of law this is.
Because I hate being at a table alone, with a married couple. Talking about their married friends, and their married furniture. They're always trying to make me feel like their life is so much better than mine. You know, I have a very exciting life. It's very exciting. (As she's closing the door to leave)
(Turns to George, he is now reading a book) Hey, what are you reading?
Uh-Oh-ah, by the way Mr. Testikov um, do you remember the other day when we were in the limo and ah, my organizer started making noise and you threw it out the window?
(dropping the sexy voice) Anything getting through? Bob?
yeah I mean, I mean what is my obligation here, you know we were just dating, it was probably gonna be over in a couple of weeks anyway
Let me tell you this there is no way cousin Jeffrey is dating Amy. He looks like a horse!
Do you know what 'Jerry' is in Indian?
I picked up his mail while he was on the road
Okay listen Leo. Your hairless, your scared. When the doctor comes in let me do the talking. Okay.
Well, then, if hes crazy you should just forget it.
Well, what are we going to do about Paris? I mean are we actually going to get back on this plane?
I respect that. (George enters.) Mmm, what happened?
They have no idea when they're going back to Florida?
No wait, I gotta go in here and pick up Mr. Pitt's tennis recquet.
Oh, hi. Uhm, is Katy there? (listens) Wh...? Uhm, what? (listens) Oh, really?
Oh, so that's why you were acting so funny.
(Still confused) What were you gonna wear on the way back?
I was the one who talked into your tape recorder.
Because I have to return the socks and get different ones.
Where is this guy?! (Checks her watch) I hate this! (Sighs) I shoulda brought something to read.. (Picks up a sugar packet) "Cancer in labratory animals".. huh.
What? That?s why I came all the way over here.
Mr. Lippman, when I worked for you at Pendent Publishing, I believed in you, you know as a man of integrity. But, I saw you in that paper hat and that aprin...
(grabbing her bag and coat) I gotta split.
Wha-- oh! (noticing her hand) Oh, god! (laughs) That is the THIRD time today I have done that! BLAAAH! (laughs again) Grabbing news- papers... I'm just tugging at 'em... (laughs)
No, these were the last pair of these that they had!
You know, you have the slowest elevator in the entire city. Thats hard to get used to when youre in so many other fast ones.
Yeah, that's what is, isn't it? A caper. Huh.
Well you don't have to dissect if you can just tell me. Why this is suppose to be funny?
Jerry get off of me. Get off of ME! Get off, Get off of Me!
Hey Kramer, by the way, I saw that guy at the health club...that is not Salman Rushdie.
All right. (standing up) Hey, you guys--what's the name of the new company gonna be?
Who gave you permission to come into my house and just go through all my things? You thought it was funny?
I'm, I'm sorry.. We've already got a George..
Well, that kinda brings us to why I'm here. You got eleven minutes?
Well he was my psychiatrist, you know. I mean, he knows all my patterns. He knows In relationships that I always try to find some reason to leave, and so, he says as my doctor, he can't allow me to do this, so he's not letting me leave.
(Yelling to Jerry in the bedroom) Hey Jerry, come on, let's go. We're gonna miss the previews!
So what, Are you gonna ask her out.
Mr. Peterman, you wanted to see me, sir?
(to the guys) Uh, Mrs Allister. (louder) Yeah, uh, just coming Mrs Allister. (to guys) Okay, I've gotta get out.
Oh my God, Hyannisport? With the Kennedys? Who else is up there? Is Rose up there?!
Just do it, Jerry. Uhh. This exhaust. I'm gonna throw up.
Oh Kramer... (She opens it) The bench! You got me the bench that I wanted! (Jerry looks irritated)
Well you think I should say something? Should I say something? Should I apologize? Was I being anti-virgin?
"I know that but why are you going?"
You yelled that time at the movies. That's why you're not getting the baby.
This is it, Jerry! This is it! He is such an incredible person! He's real, he's honest, he's unpretentious...oh, I'm really lucky!
"....Maybe you were still under the gas.Maybe you were hallucinating you're coming out of the gas but you were still under the gas."
We started to talk, and I told him that I jog, and then he put his hand on my heart.
But that's why I got you the tighter ones! (Holds them up.)
"Well anyway hum.... see when I made the date, I thought that Jimmy......"
Oh, he's this guy who made these terrible movies in the 70's with these kinds of women. He's obsessed. He's obsessed with breasts. That's hard to say.
I'm going to miss 60 Minutes. You know, I hate to miss 60 Minutes. It's part of my Sunday weekend wind-down.
How long can fish live in one of these plastic bags?
You remember that next door neighbor of mine, the apartment that always smells like potatoes?
What for? Let's just get out of here.
Hi, I havent eaten in three days. I was wondering how much longer it would be until I get my X-ray.
I'll bet they were even in on it.
You know, revulsion has now become a valid form of attraction.
Oh god, oh, its you! You scared me!
"Yes you did you said George likes spicy chicken..
So, I was sitting at the reception desk, I was looking pretty hot. I was wearing my sling back pumps.
Hey, good news. My dog problem has been solved.
Hey, how many people did Rifkin strangle? Eighteen?
Why didn't you just call out his name?
Yes, Lou. (exhales) You've got a lot going for you. You're um ... you're spontaneous. You're, symmetrical. You're, uh, ... (spins around as Lou is behind her now) Ehh - you're very quick, aren't ya. Um, It's just that your...
I'm going to have to be honest with you. I'm going deaf.
Oh yeah. (handing over money) There you go, keep the change. Bye now. I'll see you.
Well I felt bad about the spying, so you know, ,I got them tickets to the show.
No, it's normal. You're very normal. You're totally normal. Who's this?
Oh, handful of sunshine. I wish I could do this every day.
Yeah. Can you hold my seat? (Elaine gets up.)
Right, right, cankers. Um, I got it! Chew gum!
[To Jerry] Oh, remind me to talk to you about something later.
O.K. I'll leave the ticket for you at will call.
Oh, so you wanna say you were with me?
(muffled, as she's smoking a cigar) It's a peach.
And you're on the fringe of the humor business.
I could drop you like a bag of dirt.
I said "So, what do you think?". And he said, "Gabardine?". And I said, "Yeah." That was it.
You really do the worst Godfather I ever heard. You're not even close.
Yep . . . a big communist, a big big communist.
Almost as bad as losing out to a perfume.
(Confused by his sudden change-of-heart) What? Break-up? We went out on one date.
Could you do me a favor? Um, when my friends call, could you not talk to them for too long?
Yeah. Just give me the whole case and I'll be on my way.
No, it's not going to work with this guy.
Ah. You know, uh..I'm engaged. (preens) Yep, gettin' married in fifty years. (Snaps the straps of her leotard against her chest and winces. George walks by the manager.)
I cannot believe I'm doing this. I never meet people like this. You're not a nut, are you?
No, no no no, no it's not fair. Just because they have a ticket doesn't mean they were here first. We were here, and we were ahead of them, and them, and her. Come on let's just go ask em. Come on. . . . Excuse me.
Yeah, uh, I'm looking for a Rollamech 1000 mechanical pencil.
No, but... he has... The Worst Habit. Whenever he answers the phone, he won't put Noreen right on. Ya have'ta go through, like, ten minutes of chit-chat.
Well, he's getting credit for work that I did! He's gonna sidle me right out of a job.
Uh, o... (Remembers something they could talk about) Jerry's going to be on the "Today" show on Friday.
Actually, I remember this one time, um, this is funny. Um, we went to see the movie Striptease. I don't know if you've seen... doesn't matter. Anyway, I was whispering something to Beth, and Arnie leens over to me, and he goes, "Would you SHUT UP?!" I mean, he barely even knew me. Where did he get ah-- But they're nice people. (Elaine tries to smile realizing her mistake)
Ha, ha, ha, ha, well it must have been one hell of a party.
Mr. Pitt, I have something to tell you.
Just ask him if he wants a to get together.
(Irritated, and through clinched teeth) I want that free sub.
Yeah, I've never seen him but I feel like we have this weirdly intimate relationship. I mean, I'm lying in bed, I'm wearing my nightie,
Phone call! I'm in a big phone call!
I cant believe they made the Wife the killer. (putting on gloves) Gimme a break.
Oh, look at this... He's sleeping and I have to go to the bathroom. Maybe he'll wake up soon. What if my kidneys burst? Is it worth it not to wake this man up to damage a major organ? I hope this disgusting slob appreciates what I'm doing for him... [To passenger on the other side of her, but still to herself] Yeah, make a little more noise with your gum-- that's helpful.
(grabbing George by the arm, hurried to leave) Let's go.
No, wait a minute, wait a minute. They're gonna be telling us how their dates went. Are we gonna share that information?
I can't believe you're buying your father a car.
. . . Small, Medium, Large, XL, Double...
(coming in) Uh.. Hi, Peggy. Um.. Look, I should have said this yesterday, but--
that's nice. Listen, listen to this I am in the bathroom, right before the movie starts
Okay, Kramer, that's enough. Mr. Pitt has got work to do.
Oh, how did you end up playing golf with him?
(gasps) Where is it, give it to me!
So now you're going to keep going out with her, for spite?
That place is about to have the sale of the century. Nothing over ninety-nine cents.
Oh, that is soo nice (very elaborate nice) Aaron. Isn't he nice? (to Helen) So listen has Jerry been showin' you a good time?
Oh, that's good. 'Cos it was your last!
Are you kidding? I have seen the changes in you the past couple of years. Man, you have grown. You've matured.
George, this is one of the nicest things anyone has ever given me.
(Aggravated) George, I just got off a twenty-three hour plane ride. I'm too tired to even vomit at the thought.
Oh yeah, I told him all the time. You would not have believed his tub. Germs were building a town in there  they were constructing offices. Houses near the drain were going for a hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Tom Hanks? After me you're picking up Tom Hanks? I love him.
Well, at the latest. Oh hang on a second, I gotta another call.
How are you gonna get something and get back on the train in time?
...and then Peterman ate it. I never told him.
Okay, I need you to help me put Putumayo outta business.
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO YOU! Well, I guess we'll just go out.
Do you realize this is the last meal I am going to have for three days?
I'm tellin' you Jerry I'm gettin' a vibe. If I didn't know better, I'd say the staff completely lost respect for me. (Staff mocks her dancing in the background)
Ohhh, I'm exhausted. I've been on this street a thousand times! It's never looked so strange! The faces...so cold! In the distance, a child is crying. Fatherless...a bastard child, perhaps. My back aches...my heart aches...but my feet (stops to look at her feet) ...my feet are resilient! (a big smile grows in her face, as she thinks...) Thank God I took off my heels, and put on my... HIMALAYAN WALKING SHOES!!! (lifting her arms up in the air, in ecstasy, as she says...) Yes!
You going to do something about your sideburns?
(hesitant) Well, uh, act..actually, I haven't seen it. So, I couldn't tell you whether I liked it, or whether it really sucked.
(again pants) I couldn't find it anywhere. How did you get fleas anyway?
Fine... (Toby sits and waits for Elaine to speak.) How are you?
I can't believe we broke up like that.
Well, its just a lining. You can always have it changed.
That's my coat! Gimme that. Where did you get that?
(skeptical) Oh hoh, really? Well, why don't we ask him about it?
Yeah, I gotta tell Jerry we're here. I gotta go to the bathroom.
It's better than your drawings of naked Lois Lane.
Ugh, I hope a giant mountain rises out of the ocean and we just ram right into it and end this whole thing!
I can't. I denounced them. Maybe I'll go raid Peterman's fridge. He's always got a truffle or something in there.
Hey, grab Jerry's sweater for me, would you?
(Reflecting) Boy, that doll was really freaky, wasn't it?
I'm not a very religious person but I do feel as if I'm in need of some guidance here.
All right, but I'm running out of purses here. (takes her purse from a punch ball.)
Well, I can't call from the limo. Can I call from the plane?
(Catching another glimpse of Roy eating) Hunh, Please can we go to the Poconos?
Jerry! I'm *sure* I've seen men on the street early in the morning.
Hey! See these? (raises her foot so her new hirachis can be seen) Cinqo de Mayo! Sales commission, bye-bye-o! (waves)
(feigning hearing something) What?! Oh! Oh, I'm, coming! I--I gotta go. (rushes out!)
Jerry...Jerry listen I got too much stuff this afternoon, I can't come over, forget it.
Oh, come on! You've dated women with nosejobs, what's the difference?
No, no, no it doesn't. No joy no joy whatsoever. Just the whole think makes me . . sick.
(Talking to a co-worker) Of course Zach and I have been dating. What'd you think, I was the office skank?
(horrified) Huuh! (she turns away and covers her mouth)
He saw me naked. Kramer, ... saw me naked.
Who walks into a woman's bedroom without knocking. I want to know!
So, ever since she started dating Kramer, she won't even talk to me!
Don't worry, Tim. I didn't come by to yell at you, I didn't come by for that at all. I just came by to pick up my label maker. I gave you a label maker and now I would like to have it back.
I can't stand him, he is so pretentious.
Oh great, put it all on the Peterman account with the other stuff.
So, I walked up behind him and I tapped him on the shoulder. And I said, Hi, remember me? And he furrows his brow, as if hes really trying to figure it out. So I said to him, I said, You little phony. You know exactly who I am.
I had no idea you had this kind of money.
You see the thing is we It should have been me. You know, I'm smart. I'm attractive.
So, he puts the couch down, and just as he's about to leave he says, "Do you date moving men?"
The cable? No, no, no. I'm having a party here. You can't do this now!
Yeah. All right. You made the right decision.
Look! Look at- look at this! Theres a garden.
Alright. So, get a load of this. This guy, Fred Yerkes, remembers every little thing about that night except me.
What? What is nice? Trying to fill the void in your life with flour and sugar and egg and vanilla? I mean, we are all unhappy. Do we have to be fat, too? Not you Becky, I know you have a slow metabolism. I don't want one more piece of cake in my office!
...Are you sure you can't use this thing?
Oh, that sounds like a great idea. It would be fun.
Uh, Tina? Could you excuse us for just one second?
Well, your mother must be very proud of you.
No I'm bringing cake! (looking worried and apprehensive)
Yeah. You know what, you should go over there and get one to look good for my bachelor auction.
Shut up. Shut up! (Answers phone) Hello? No, who's calling? Oh my god, the dog guy. Where have *you* been? Yeah, well you better pick up your dog tonight or he has humped his last leg.
Really? Huh. What a world. So we can go now?
Let me ask you something. ahemm..Do you know when the Nicole Millers are coming in from Milan?.
Oh, I don't know, you know, girlie stuff.
Yeah I think he's right. I've never seen a ball man.
Oh! Hadn't noticed! Excuse me. (she's going to the podium)
(quietly) hu_uh, (pause) You know, everybody listens to the Chinese. I mean, look at the fortune cookie. You couldn't get away with that in any other restaurant.
Yeah one of the readers left and there's a job opening. Dick, this is Jerry and this is George.
Oh, come on, Jerry. Please, please, please, please, please!
( Heavy Panting) It's not on any table, Kramer. Where is it?
Goodnight. Thanks for a really fabulous evening (sarcastic).
All right, listen. Have you seen my addre-- (sees address book on counter) --ah! There it is. Okay. I got it. I'll see you later. (leaving)
Oh, <come on>. That Fountain of Youth scene at the end, where they're all splashin' around, and then they go running over to the mirror to see if it really worked? I mean, come on! [laughing too hard to continue] That's stupid!
That's it! I cannot take this! I mean, look at this, nothing has changed. We've been back together two hours, we're having the same problems we had 12 hours ago.
Got any asprin? (Finds some) Hello. Now, lookit, you guarantee this car will get me to the airport tomarrow? No problems?
Well who told you to sleep with her George?!
No. No. No. No. No. I don't really have a phone. In fact, I - I really don't have an apartment. I kinda sleep around.
Jerry I am at doctor Zimmerman. I am at the end of the alphabet.
Because, I was worried that there might be a situation in which one of us come home with somebody, it could get a little uncomfortable. But, as long as youre okay with it, its fine with me.
No, the waitress-actress. She just got some part in some dinner theater production of A Chorus Line. So, now all day long shes walking around the apartment singing, God, I hope I get it, I hope I get it! Shes gonna get it right in her...
No no, I can't sit in the front row.
I'm not his girlfriend. Well, actually, we used to date, but not anymore.
Um, I could come by your office and pick it up tomorrow.
Yeah, well, at least he had a drain.
Wouldn't it be great if Farbman designed shoes?
Oh, I'm sorry Jerry didn't suggest this sooner.
I love being with him. I mean, I like being with him. It's okay being with him.
(pause) Shouldn't he say "Bad bye"? Isn't that the, opposite of "Good bye"?
I know I don't want it! I don't need you to tell me what I don't want, you stupid hipster dufus!
Well, I can understand that. Pretty good date, huh?
No, course not. I mean, I'd just like to know.
How is he gonna pay off a thousand dollar fine?
Oh, just this woman...she got impregnated by her troglodytic half-brother, and decided to have an abortion. (Waits in suspense for what Carl's response will be.)
Ohhhh.. and another piece of the puzzle falls into place.
You had sex on your desk with the cleaning woman.
Here. (Shows Kurt's driver's license to Jerry.) Take a look at that.
Well, something's goin' on here, 'cause every able-bodied Israelite in the county is driving pretty strong to the hoop.
Oh, huh. Well, this should be very interesting.
Yeah! An' he is a friend, Jerry. He is reliable. He is considerate. He's like your, exact opposite.
(handing over the phone) You're not the type that should be playing with matches, seriously Kramer.
[momentarily shocked, as if the answer were self-evident] You're talking.
Yeah. I sent one to everyone I know. Remember my Christmas card.
Oh, my father used have a huge collection of big band records.
Yeah, A big salad. Very good. Actually it was too big. Ha ha ha Wht?
You mean just because I asked him to go upstairs, he thinks he's going downtown?
I think it's great. I think you should get it.
So I told him, 'Hit the road. I'm going back with Jack.'
Alright, OK. Let's stop fooling around. Let's just slip him some money.
Oh, no, it's fascinating, but could you do me a favor, could ya tape the rest of the pig-men and the women who love them discussion and I'll listen to it the next time I'm here. I've gotta go find a Mohel.
(pause, turns back to JERRY et al.) Guys. I gotta go. Take it easy.
Jerry! There is no confusing *that* move with any other move.
Let's see, (thinking) how shall I put this.
No! No! You had wooden teeth! You had wooden teeth! I didnt have wooden teeth, you did!
Down doggy . oh oh a a a a a
Oh man, that is a beautiful jacket, though.
Hey look it ;Sally's cable show's on (Kramer turns around to leave)
Yeah, I thought you were doing okay. I just didn't think you were in this kind of, you know, uh... position.
I gotta tell ya, I have a bad association with the name Alex.
They call him a Cleaner. He makes problems go away.
Hey! (startles Jerry and George) ha ha ha ha. Nice sidle, huh? Speaking, of which I think Ive got that problem, solved.
I can't do it. No way, there's no how. (Tries to push George out the door. George resists.)
so listen, what happened last night with Jane?
w-w- Well, that's a -ah, its kind of Sable.
Yeah, right, that's a possibility. I have to find out.
Look. (engaging smile) We don't have to name names, or, point fingers, or.. (breathes in) name names! (indicating empty chair) Me and her, have had our problems. She and I have had our problems! You and I, and she and you--
Oh my God! Jerry! My friend, Kim called - David and Beth got separated last night!
George, I don't have time for this. Uh, Anna, do you wanna talk to George?
Well, they have to give up some time, they can't stay out there all night?
Dammit! I got another call. Uh, hang on, don't hang up Jerry.
That... That bed. The bar was right in my back.
Calm down Brett, okay. You could have a concussion. Calm down. (holds Brett's head and sings) 'Desperado, mmm-mm-mmm. You better...'
Uh, let me ask you a question. How come you asked Mr. and Mrs. Seinfeld to go to the museum with you?
So, were your parents shocked to see the Cadillac?
He's upstairs, I made him Director of Corporate Development.
Ah. Uh, look really (looks about to try and avoid contact) I'm just trying to read.
She's this crazy woman who is convinced that my germs make her sick.
(sitting up in bed) Nothing much, um. Can I talk to Susan
(sharp intake of breath) Hoh. Yes, yes, you're right. That's right. I'll bring her over to meet...
Well (leans in to kiss Phil, then looks down at his pants with a awkward look on her face)
Yeah, and I don't poof up my hair when I got to a movie so people behind me can see. I've got to make it up to this guy or I won't be able to live with myself. What can I do?
We don't want anything to happen to you Mr. Pitt. We want you to live a long, long time.
No, Kramer. You don't understand. This could be my fault.
Oh, of course it does. (Elaine's roommate, Tina, enters)
Can you let go of my tongue now?
(Faking a broken heart) Oh yes. I know all about his little performance in the break room.
Yeah. Why not Susan. I should be friends with Susan. (smacks her forehead with hand) Of course! Susan! Oh! OK, Ill see you guys. Huh. (rushes out the door.)
...and I brought I whole new set of cookware, and a Water Pik.
Well what about you. Where you gonna stay?
Well, I think you should accept her for who she is.
(CONT'D) Oh that's funny? Is that funny? Well tell me if you think this is funny These fish are dying! They're gasping for oxygen right now! They'll be floating in an hour. Is that funny too?
I don't see how I could have said Svenjolly.
Right, so, I called my friend, you know - the one who set us up - I found out, he's a bad-breaker-upper.
Okay. Im gonna check my machine first. (Elaine sees a pad of paper by the phone; reading) Picking someone up at the airport, jury duty, waiting for cable guy...
See, this is what Jerrys doesnt understand. We can see each other. We can see each other every day, but it doesnt mean we are back together.
Yeah. Come on. I mean, think about it. He's engaged to be married. Your top priority is soup.
(thinking) I can't believe I'm going out with this guy. Wow! He's so cool. Maybe he'll write a song about me. That would be amazing. Oh, Elaine, you are so beautiful. So, so beautiful. Not so mention your personality which is so, so, interesting. If you want, you can quit your job and never work again.
(While leaving) Thats right. (Mocking Puddy, she puts her hand up) High-five! (Turns around, putting her hand behind her back like he had done) On the flip side! (As Elaine is leaving, she mutters to herself) Takin me to Arbys
You know, Lloyd advises Dinkins on everything he does.
Hey, did your father ever get that hair weave?
Well first we're going to a matine, I'm taking the afternoon off, we're gonna go see "My Fair Lady" and they we are gonna go to dinner. He knows all these fantastic places.
Yeah, it's gettin' serious, we're talking about moving in together.
Kramer, if she wants to change her hair...
Uh, you know, I just told them what kind people you are and, uh, yada yada yada, that is it.
Huh, she's in the hospital. (concerned) She has an arrhythmia.
Well, I'm just gonna go down there and personally thank him. I mean, I had this guy all wrong. This is wonderful!
Jill, hi, it's Elaine. Well, I'm calling from my home. Indoors. Well, I was just calling to see how your fa.. I'm sorry, I'm getting another call. Hang on just a second. Hello?
Oh, god. OH, I could use a few more hours sleep.
I don't know. But I'd like to try that earpiece on, see if it's real.
Sure, the pinky toe is cute! But, I mean, what is it? It's useless! It does nothing. It's got that little nail that is just impossible to cut. What do we need it for?
It wouldn't stop beeping, in the car so Testikov, through it out the window.
And I could just be there. (Adding) For you.
(flattered) Oh (laughs) That'll do! (laughs some more)
I don't know, what were you doing opening her medicine cabinet?
(winks and clicks) Thank you. ha ha ha ha. (sits down)
Oh, what? You think I wanna marry George?
I'll get it. (Reaches in her bag for money.)
Hey. Guess who just finished laying out her first issue of the J. Peterman Catalog.
You know I, I have to say, I've never admitted this to anyone, but um, I kind of like airline food. (leans in and laughs, flirting with him)
Oh, this is nuts! I can't get across anywhere!
What?!? He doesn't have one appointment this whole month!?! Oh come on. I am dying here man. Hello, hello.
Who has the remote? (wipes a tear from her eye)
So... we're the only women on the floor. I mean, we're like roommates. Would-would you use a seat protector if you had a roommate?
All right. (they start to leave except Jerry)
Well, I gotta say that I think that that is a fantastic idea, Feldman!
Well, you have to admit... the circumstantial evidence...
Come on, he's on his own, come on!
I dont know what your parents did to you.
(already out from behind her desk goes to Aaron) Hi
I see you're still sticking with the denim. (He's wearing a denim coat) Do you have that card that I gave you?
Kramer, it is such a dumb idea. I would be (raising her voice as Kramer speaks his line) totally embarrassed to bring it...
(realizing he caught her) Yeah. Yes it does...
I'm sure she would apologize if she could. Probably somebody is holding her back against every fibre in her being.
Hi there, little doggy. (to owner) Do you mind if I pet your dog?
No! Not me pal. I can't keep this up much longer. I'm sick of being single. I'm getting out.
That is *so* stupid. Why don't you just confess?
You know something really stinks to high h Holly! What are you doing here?
Oh, no, he couldn't get them. We're not going.
Oh forget it, I hate those. Everytime I take one, the driver will *not* stop talking to me. No matter how disinterested I seem he just keeps yakking away. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Why does everything always have to have a social componant? Now a stage coach, that would have been a good situation for me. Cause I'm in the coach, and the driver is way up there on the stage.
You know, I'm a little bit worried about him. I don't understand. We had one date two months ago. Am I that charming and beautiful?
Oh, he is fantastic! And then they fired a gun right up in the air.
I wouldn't have said anything if I knew you were going to stop seeing her!
You don't understand. See, she hasn't changed at all. She stole my boyfriend when I was in high school. (flashback sequence)I was at this party, and I was dating this *really* cute guy, his name was Tom Cosley, by the way, and she goes walking by, in this little floozy outfit, and he follows her, right out the door!
Yeah. No. Listen, George, I am quite certain I'm walking out of there with a bowl of soup.
(unconvincing) Yeah. Oh, yes, yes, he was very helpful. (hesitant) Uhm, because, you know, Art and I were getting into this whole thing about his business. Uhm, you know he's an importer-exporter.
(into phone) Yuh, I'd like an order of supreme flounder, number forty-seven. Yeah, apartment one-Q.
(to the waitress) can I have a scotch on the rocks.
Marla? Hi, oh, I'm glad I ran into you-
Nina? Nina? No. Psshhh.. Not weird. No. Nina.
No! No! Now! Tell me now! What did he say?!
Oh my God. I sent one to the super in my building. My mailman. My ten year old little nephew. Sister Mary Catherine. Father Chelios. Oh my God Fred! I sent one to Fred.
How can they not put the air conditioning on?
Oh no no, Mr. Pitt, you mustn't. You have to check with the pharmacy before you combine anything with your heart medicine,
Mr. Pitt, why would you want to hold onto the ropes on the Woody Woodpecker balloon?
Why not? (To the Sales Woman) And some hair for my little friend here.
Well, you should never ever go anywhere, (shakes a box of Tic Tacs) without these.
Jerry, be careful. The Mohel's got a knife!
It's just that my boss is very demanding and he needed the pencil right away.
Oh, this is the one Vincent told me about. The Pain And The Yearning. (reads from the box) 'An old woman experiences pain and yearning.' A hundred and ninety-two minutes?
Yeah, in college I sat next to an Alex in art history. And he was always drinking coffee and after every sip he would go "Ahh". I mean every two seconds "Ahh". And he would take like 40 sips and after everyone "Ahh". I had to drop the class.
I was talking to this guy, you know, and I just happened to throw my purse on the sofa. And my diaphragm goes flying out. So I just froze, you know, ahh! Staring at my diaphragm. You know, it's just lying there. So then, this woman, the one who sold me this hair thing, she grabbed it before the guy noticed, so. I mean, big deal, right? So I carry around my diaphragm, who doesn't? Yeah, like it's a big, big secret that women carry around their diaphragms. You never know when you're gonna need it, right? (Sips the Snapple) Ahh.
I'm sorry, I didn't know you had company. I just wanted to return your tape.
Yeah, well. How hard is it to take a picture?
Oh, all right. Can you break a twenty?
Look, Kramer, I have to take this test ok, I don't have a lot of time.
Uhh, so you want to join me and Susan for lunch at the coffee shop?
(to flight attendant) Hey, you gonna bust out that drink cart or what?
And you feel you're not really ready for,
What? Now hes a doctor? Before he was a podiatrist.
How 'bout an intercourse hello? How would that be?
Bother me? Oh, phhbt... Why would a little goiter like that bother me? No, not a bit. It's nothing. It's nothin', it's um, in fact, it's um, it's very distinctive, y'know? Um, I mean you want to know something? I, I wish I had one. [pause] Really.
Jerry, this is not a crush. This is a complete fixation. he makes me very uncomfortable.
That's that's correct, I-I felt that the character doesn't like to be ch-ch-chilly...
his face, did something happen to his face?
Oh yes you are. We'll just stop having sex.
Oh, (nervous laugh) my stop. (making her escape) Bye-bye.
I dont know. I cant think of any solution, unless of course they should meet with some unfortunate accident. What do you think a hit man would charge to rub out a couple of cats?
What? What do you need a rope for?
Are you sure you're not just flattering yourself?
Alright, fine. Fine. Go ahead. (standing) Cut the stupid thing in half.
Oh, well, I just felt so bad about what happened in Tuscany..
[To anyone who'll listen] What'd he say? What'd he say?
Oh, you did? (to girls) Oh, do you guys all know Jerry?
I mean, maybe he wants to ask me out.
(Trying to wake Ed up) Get up! The alarm clock didn't go off! (Shakes him) It's 915! You're gonna miss the plane! It's 915!
I had no idea I had that kind of effect on you.
(As he is signing) Oh, thank you so much. (He finishes. Elaine gives out a happy gasp) Thank you so much, Mr.. (Tries to read his signature) Camaro. (Carreras gives her a look as he is getting up) Mr. Casea? (He walks off as Elaine rolls the picture back up. Jerry gives his "That's a shame" face) Well, whatever. (To Jerry) I'm gonna take this to the Maestro. He's, he's playing at the Queens Convalescent Center.
I said I would never eat here again.. But, I, I.. he had to know I was kidding.
Okay. Alright we got the cake now. Where is George and Kramer?
Fifty thousand yen? Isn't that only a few hundred dollars?
Is this a waste of time? What should we be doing? Cant you have coffee with people?
I love shrimp! (Waves her knife around as she's talking) I'm a shrimp eater. You put shrimp infront of me, (Waves her knife along with her hand gestures. Alan is getting edgy about it, and even more so with every wave) and I will eat it until my stomach pops! (Notices Alan's unsettled) Oh.. (Puts the knife down)
That's not a word.....You have no idea what this means do you?
(at TV screen) Bernie is dead, you moron! (frustration) Just because he's wearing sunglasses he looks alive?! (picks up video box) Ugh, how long is this weekend, anyway? (reads from label) Ugh!
(laughs sarcastically) You don't respect my work at all, do you?
He could be eating a gyro, he wouldn't offer me anything. It's a sickness.
Yeah, why a cape? Who wears a cape? Where do you even get a cape?
'Cause I'm not anti-virgin. I'll be right back. (She leaves)
So what do you have to say for yourself?
Oh, I walked by Bloomingdale's the other day, and I saw that massage chair we want to get Joe Mayo as an apartment gift.
Well, see, it's... businessmen taking siestas. You know, it's the, uh, the Urban Sombrero.
I know. They're going in first with the last babka.
Its right down here to the left. I will uh meet you right back here.
You see, I don't think it is a Catholic joke. I think it's more of a Raquel Welch joke. What was it? No, I said hand me the buoys. (Laughing) Bouys!
Yes. As a matter of fact, there is.
What am I, a--a bulimic, chain-smoking, stenographer from Staten Island?
Ya know, its not fair people are seated First Come First Served, It should be based on who's hungriest. I feel like just going over there and taking some food off somebody's plate.
(grabbing her bag and coat) Great. I'll wait for you outside.
Because, it's discriminatory (she comes back wearing one of Jerry's shirts, untucked)
Well, you had a good run, what was it 75, 80 years? Wreaking havoc, making everybody nervous.
Yknow, um, you could use a little work on your manners.
(diplomatically to KEVIN, GENE, and FELDMAN) Could you guys excuse us, just for a moment.
(pushing Jerry over to the Mohel) Ok, go.
Vincent, listen, I won't judge you the way everyone else does. You're, you're strange and beautiful, and sensitive. (blunter) Now, let's have a look at you.
Um, well, he's got a lot of character in his face. Um, he's short. Um, he's stocky.
Well, what was it? I mean, I was waiting.
(Gives Jerry a look) Do you know how embarrassing this is to someone in my position?
Oh, oh no, no no no, I can't do that.
I can't believe she's walking around in that.
That's the bra I gave here, she's wearing it as a top! The woman is walking around in broad daylight with nothing but a bra on, she's a menace to society.
Skinny Mirrors! Barneys has Skinny Mirrors, they make you look, like, 10 pounds lighter.
Yeah, that's right. I got 'em all. Cold cucumber, corn and crab chowder, mulligatawny.
Yes, . . . yes he does dress a little drab.
Its really bad for the fetus. Do you know that.
(Just now making the matter serious) Well, you can't wear that on the show.
I don't know! They have a list of grievances.
(Gesturing back to the bedroom) Who else ya got back there?
You don't care that innocent defenseless animals are being tortured so that you can look good?
*How* do you get fired from a volunteer job?
I mean I can't shake this woman. You know, now I have to go to Jimmy's birthday party.
Hey, we told you not to park there!
(In the door way) Maybe I'll go visit my mother. She just bought me some new panties (Jerry pauses right before sitting in his chair) and they're - all laid out for me. (Leaves, smiling to herself. Jerry and George both look at each other, frozen in their places)
See, I was gonna give the shower in my apartment..
No no, Im just saying you didnt really go to medical school, you went to podiatry school. Which Im sure is very grueling in its own way.
Oo, I better call that woman at Doubleday and see when I can pick up Mr. Pitt's racquet.
Assassins! How dare they keep a person waiting like this!  Drakes Coffee Cake?  Give me that.
Oh, I can't Jerry. 4I'm sworn to secrecy.
Yeah? Well I don't really give a Sh... (closing the bathroom door)
Listen, I need to come over and pick up the clubs for Peterman.
(Cutting Jerry off, she stands up, trying to get away from the book. Yelling out) Alright! Everyone clear! Bio-hazard coming through! Clear! Clear!! (Runs to the bathroom to wash her hands)
(opening the present) Oh George, this is beautiful. Is this cashmere?
No, no, no no, listen to me. I work in fashion. Together, we can drive Putumayo outta business and make Cinqo de Mayo numero uno... de Mayo.
The book is great. Did you go out last night?
(patience exhausted) You know what, why don't you just shut the hell up?
One of these days that guy is gonna get his.
Hey!! I found out from Paula; She likes George. I'll bet he'll be relieved.
That's right, go. Go home to your dumbbells. Work on your pecs. I'm really impressed.
I know, Mr Peterman, but but but but once I saw them, I just couldn't stand to let anyone else have them. (warming to her subject) You know, certainly not some stuck-up candy bar heiress who shamelessly flaunts herself in public without any regard...
Hit. No. I guess his parents didn't want to tell him. B-2?
The one you broke the plans with tonight?
Oh that's cute! (closes door and exits with Jean-Paul)
There is no park and the team has relocated.
Well, she can't keep it, it's not fair, that's *our* TV!
Yeah, I'll just stay in here. (goes in the guest room)
No, no. You are way past the phone call breakup stage.
What? (he bumps her with his butt to move over)
Hello.. (Pulls a wad of bills out of her purse, and starts to count it up)
The only time it wasn't uncomfortable was when we were making fun of you.
Well. Well, I thought she did a pretty good Job..
Although one wonders if "War and Peace" would has been as highly acclaimed as it was, had it was published under it's original title "War---What Is It Good For?"
Hi. You know, Kramer gave me the armoire and it is so beautiful. I'm mean, I just can't tell you how much I appreciate it.
(pleading) No, no. Vincent, I... Don't shut me out. (beseeching) I just, I know you feel what I feel.
(pause) You know, everybody listens to the Chinese. I mean, look at the fortune cookie. You couldn't get away with that in any other restaurant.
Donna, do you think you can get the salt stain out of this?
Sue Ellen sends me an invitation, one week before her wedding in India. Tst, Ill show her...
Alright, oh Jerry, we're still on for Friday night, right?
(starting to leave) You know what, I'm leavin'.
"War--What Is It Good For." (sings) Absolutely nothin' HUH! Say it Again! ahehehehe
No, I, I don't. But.. Well, the Maestro might.
Things occur to me from time to time.
Well, what are we gonna do for a ride?
(cont) ...uh, Jerry, I think he broke my toe. (Jerry gets up) W-Where're you going?
He's giving me a ride You know there had to have been a second spitter. But who was it? Who had the motive?
Yeah, can-look ... can I explain it to you later?
It seems that a psychotic mechanic has absconded with my friend's car.
Yes! As a matter of fact! David Putty won't do the move anymore.
Ah, it's my ex-roommate, she moved out four years ago, I-I've been sub-letting my apartment from her.
Ah, This is... uh... you *really* lost weight.
Jerry, look at this closet! Look at this! Im walking in it! (Elaine walks into the closet.) Its a walk-in. Can you believe it? Im nuts about this, what do you think?
Well, there's this rabbi in my building. You've met him. Very nice man.
(Sets the glass down) I'm queen of the castle. (Pops a piece of food into her mouth)
Thank you I am not very hungry. Anyway, um, this friend of mine, George, got engaged .
He's acting very strangely. I think he started drinking again.
Nice rack. (Carol and Michael inside open back door)
Come on, lets go do something. I dont wanna just sit around here.
Everybody knows. y'know George told me he thinks you're totally cute and everything.
Well, Ahh, this Mischke mish-mash is just gettin' worse.
Well, for starters, you're looking at note cards
Wait a minute. Kramer, you know what you're doing here?
Hey, you know what? Newman sent me an invitation already, to his party.
These heals are so uneven. (Watches the slicer.)
(on phone)Hello, yeah, hi. Uh, is Miss. Landis there please. Wa? Oh, Gosh, ah ok, she'll be in later? OK, thank you. Uh. (to Jerry) This guy said she hurt her arm playing tennis. ... Pretty bad.
I have an idea. Leave the winter clothing in the apartment, and Ill watch it for you and Ill live there and Ill make sure that nothing happens to it.
What? What are you trying to say, George?
That's my nipple. My nipple's exposed. I sent this card to hundreds of people! My parents. My boss. Uh, Nana and Papa.
Let's go someplace else, I am too hungry.
'Cause Richie really respects you and he would listen to you.
Yeah but we reversed positions so there was no funny business.
I don't know. She did some outdoor version of Hair in Danbury, Connecticut.
And he says, he says, Look, I just didnt want to say hello anymore, All right? And I said, Fine. Fine. I didnt want to say hello anymore either, but just I wanted you to know that Im aware of it!
Thank you. What evidence is there that cats are so smart, anyway? Huh? What do they do? Because theyre clean? I am sorry. My Uncle Pete showers four times a day and he cant count to ten, so dont give me hygiene.
(Getting the hint) Me? Are you talking about me?
Well, she didn't seem to be havin' so much fun...
(To Jerry) John Cheever, you ever read any of his stuff?
Alright, you came right upstairs, without talking to the doorman.
Remember that biography I recommended? MY BOSS HATED IT
Right, because... I'm the janitor. (picks teeth with fingernail)
What do you think, would you go out with a sixty-six year old woman?
No! I don't want to save seats. Don't put me through that! I once had the fleece just ripped out of my winter coat in a seat-saving incident!
Well, all I know is, he doesn't like games and he doesn't play games, you know? He has too much character and integrity.
How do we know that dog food is any good? Who tastes it?
Wait a minute, wait a minute. Can I fire you?
(leaving with the drawings) Mr. Peterman is gonna love 'em.
A Mohel! What the hell is a Mohel?
I'm with you. I'm going back to my place.
(To Jerry and George) Idiots! This is all your fault!
I think this is the same one I gave him. He recycled this gift. He's a regifter!
Kramer, how is that important? Honestly, do you really think he's gonna ask you that?
And now he's gone. I'm sure he's looking for the car. Five minutes, that's all. I just want to find him.
Well, you know Jake, you should learn to use them. Like the way I'm talking right now, I would put an exclamation points at the end of all these sentences! On this one! And on that one!
(Interested) The Three Tenors? (Stands up) Which one?!
(entering Monk's with her boyfriend) Oh, um... Darryl. These are... people I know. Jerry, George.
(not wanting to believe it) Oh my God.
Oh God. Why did I do this? Now I'm the office skank.
Because he think I live here. Remember when we shared a cab, and he dropped me off out in front? He's picking me up.
(Calling out to Sandra) No, Sandra. I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I really am! Listen, listen, Jerry's under a lot of pressure right now. It's very hard being a stand-up comedian! Sometimes they don't laugh!
Well don't stand here, let's walk in, blend in, blend in.
Well, I guess I wouldn't eat here, then.
What do you think, Jerry? You wanna make twenty-eight bucks?
Kramer, do me a favour will ya'. If you insist o making pasta in my apartment please don't put the tomato sauce on the pasta while it's in the strainer. All the little squares have hardened red sauce in them.
All right. Wait a minute. I think you've got it backwards.
You were wrong about Craig . He's a very sweet guy.
Oh, I remember seeing those guys picketing out there, but I haven't seen them in a long time.
I don't know, I never asked. She was yelling--
No, no, no, but why are you using a knife and a fork? Did you just
Yeah! Pendant's publishing his new book, and I'm working on it! Lippman and I are gonna go to the airport on Thursday and pick him up in a limousine!
Ah, this is great. Alright, well, where is the mechanic? I'll just go and pick 'em up myself.
(Seeing George, she walks over to greet him) Hey. (Looking at his shoes) Are those Timberlands ... painted black?
I brought you chicken soup. (To Patti) Is that real fur?
(mocking - in a dopey voice) Well if we can't look to the cookie where can we look?
Listen, I spoke to Paul an' Noreen. They might be breakin' up.
Mr. Petermen, this is not a cat fight. This is violent psychotic behavior directed at me all because are told her to swing her arms.
Right. Exactly. So I imagine at some point somebodys going to offer me some cantaloupe?
What happened? What'd he say? (indicates pad) What's going on here?
Ihat's impossible, I've never done a drug in my life. Dr. Strugatz must have made a mistake.
I think my last time was in Rochester. My hair was a lot shorter.
Oh, pleeeeease. (moves to the living room and sits down)
Right there. Right there. You just did it again.
Ya what do you mean from what you saw?
Somebody put a cane on my foot. Just like the one I'm going to put up your...
Yeah, (Nodding) It turns out it was his ex-girlfriend.
Huh? Ha. 200. You know, I've always wanted one of these things.
Ah, God, I bumped into Robin Sandusky today, she asked me to have dinner with her and her husband.
Oh, please! I took you back. You know it, I know it, Vegetable Lasagna here knows it.
Yeah, she's terrific. Why? You thinking of going?
Get in there. Get chart. Get out. You got it.
A kiss? With the tongue? The glossa with the bumps and the papillae? ..Yech, I don't think so. (Leaves)
I offered them 25, they had no idea...
I mean, you know, I've never been so insulted in my entire life. There's something really wrong with this man. He is a Soup Nazi. What? What is that?
(Adding) A train is bearing down on you?!
Aw, you should see his bathrobe, man, it's all silk.
Yeah, by the time I got to the end of the story, he was to relieved that we were alive he couldn't care less about the car.
Boy, you're really getting into this aren't you?
You know what? On my first road test, I hit a dog. (Jerry nods, blinking) I think it was a golden retriever. No, no, no, it was a - it was a yellow lab. (Picks up the car phone) I'm gonna check my messages. (Begins to dial as she pulls up to a pedestrian crosswalk. She stops right before hitting a man crossing the street)
(placatory) I'm so sorry about that Mr Costanza, but look. Look, I brought you another one. (hands it over)
Uh well um, I felt that the writing lacked certain emotion and intensity.
I didn't say 'too good', did I say 'too good'?
Hi, it's Elaine. Listen, I was just talking to Jerry.
Her birthday's comin' up, see, so I decided to get her a little present.
I can't I 've got to meet a friend.
What would he be doing wearing your jacket?
(Acting equally strange) No. What? Like what? What? Strange.. No. I..
Yuh! You wanna lug it uptown, it's yours.
You are annoying me sitting like that. It's effeminate.
(dialing the phone) You know what I'm doing? I'm calling Noreen.
I have a good masseuse you could go to.
Yeah. Well, actuall today was the first day I worked out since the Central Park Mini-Marathon.
Um, yes this is my friend Jerry. Um, he accompanied me, ya know (clears throat), single women in a big city can be dangerous, so
No, but... it is very nice to know.
But he's a Rabbi! How can a Rabbi have such a big mouth?
Oh, hi, oh God. I didn't here you come in.
Forget the shower! The shower's out. Move it! Put your clothes on! Put your clothes on! (Pulls out drawers of clothes, turning them over in the suitcase. He walks tward the door) Where are you going?
( to the camera) Hi. How 're you doin'?
Because I relate to George through you, we're like friends-in-law. Besides, you said we were gonna see Prognosis Negative together. Can't you just put some newspapers down or something?
(Still trying to get a grasp on the package) How am I supposed to carry this thing? (She looks up to see Jerry taking his pants off) What are you doing?
Well, you know, money can sometimes come between friends.
Hey, Jerry just got me a great apartment in his building!
I just went to get popcorn... Ugh... [shakes more popcorn] I just went to get popcorn, okay? And and and somebody took my seat, and my coat is in there!
I told them you didn't. And I laughed and I laughed.
Just the fact that you remembered means everything.
Well I was kind of, hehehe, short on material and I, um, I put them in the book anyway.
I remember you donated to some volcano thing on our first date.
Oh trust me. He's a bad seed. He's a horrible seed. He's one of the worst seeds I've ever seen.
Oh I don't know. I set this thing for 20 seconds.
Well, Kramer was right. My friend Kim told me the sponge is off the market.
(reiterating the question) Did he crumble, any crackers in it?
Bobby, you gotta stop calling your Gammy. Why? Because sometimes you call very early in the morning when Gammy has been out late the night before and sometimes when Gammy's not alone. Your parents still haven't said anything to you about your Gammy? (sighs) All right, here we go. (coughing) Gammy doesn't feel so good. I think Gammy might be dying. Yep. Yep. Ok. Good-bye, Bobby. Don't call anymore. I'm dead now. Gotta go.
All right, we should get going. But, I'm going to get a little bit more, okay?
Off the market? The sponge? No, no...no way. Everybody loves the sponge.
Ah! Jerry I've been around long enough to know when I'm being worked.
Hey little doggy. (Elaine pets the dog and he bites her) Aaah!
Because I want to ask her to lunch and to the Met tomorrow.
You know we were here, ahead of you.
The Korean women were talking about me. I think they were calling me a dog.
I wonder if anyone knows he's here. If he just disappeared...would anybody notice?
Anyway, Mr. Costanza, what I want you to do is to come to the shop with me and tell me what they are saying. You do speak Korean?
"Okay...So you were violated by two people while you were under the gas. So What? You're single."
Why can't I meet a Kennedy? ..I saw John Junior once downtown. I was on a bus. I hit the ding, but.. it didn't stop.
Why would he ask your parents to go to a museum?
(from intercom) I just finished working out are you busy?
He was in real estate, um, now, he's not working right now-
Come on Todd. Admit it, this is a date.
What did you do, ransack the place after she died?
Its all in your head. All she knows is she had a good time. I think you should call her.
That is not the point! The guy was stabbed!
Hey, stop kidding me. He's a doctor. He's a very good doctor.
I spoke to a cab driver. For five bucks, he turned me on to the Rockaway Boulevard shortcut.
(leaning against the refrigerator) Jean-Paul, it's not my microwave, ok? Ok? All right, listen, let's just go. Come on, Jean-Paul, let's go. Let's go.
Well, to tell you the truth, Dr. Feffa, I , I was surprised to hear you use a word like breathtaking to describe a baby, I mean, because you also used it referring to me.
Kramer, listen, I got a little phone relay going, so, if a guy calls H&H and he's looking for me, you take a message.
I must've had at least eight in my mouth. I couldn't talk. I couldn't talk!
No. No no. Actually I kind of need to speak to you.
Oh, hi. This is Hal. Hal, this is Kramer. Kramer, Hal.
(tosses the hirachis onto the counter) Nothing. You, just lost a customer.
You have cleaned out the whole apartment and you're making dinner. You're perfect, you're a perfect man.
You cannot believe what I'm going through. That card is plastered all over the office. Everybody is calling me, Nip! ... Yeah. That's my new nickname at the office. Nip! These guys keep asking me out for drinks. Not only that, Fred, you know the guy I told you about? He hasn't called me in three days. ... [sees card] Oh please!
All right, you can take it. But I want it back.
Wow! You know what I would do if I was running for mayor. One of my campaign themes would be that everybody should wear name tags all the time to make the city friendlier.
Hey, Ben. I need a four letter word. Winnie the blank.
Oh, who do you think you are? Castanza?
But it was in pen. You fake erase.
I'm just waiting for my friend George, we worked out together.
(From the front of the room, she can hear George and Jerry's heated discussion) Hey! Shhhhh! (Crosses herself, then shakes her head - apologizing)
You know actually, I've got some work I gotta do, so...
Oh, please! That is the last thing that I want.
So, you know what? My friend Judy recommended me for a job at Viking Press.
Well, I don't know, don't ask me any more questions about jokes, Jerry, it just puts too much pressure on me.
(writing out cheque) I'll make it out to cash. How 'bout two hundred bucks? Two-fifty?
Yeah, you can take a sweater if you want to.
Yeah exactly. Anyway I've got to go over there and return it.
Remember when you first went out to eat with your parents? Remember, it was such a treat to go and they serve you this different food that you never saw before, and they put it in front of you, and it is such a delicious and exciting adventure? And now I just feel like a big sweaty hog waiting for them to fill up the trough.
And now I think she might really be interested in you. And Dan is
All right! I am back in the game.
So, you think that Puddy actually believes in something?
'Cause I'm on a special diet, and the doctor said I can't have any fat.
(explaining, with gestures) Uhm, George felt that I was too adamant in my stand that Art should focus on the exporting and forget about the importing.
Are you sure you want us here for this?
Well, I don't know... h- how long have you been shaving your head for?
And I didnt like that roast beef, so how bout some lunch?
Yeah, yeah. Forget about all that. First thing is first. Warranty information. Name, we know that. Uh, hobbies. Skiing, racquetball...
Jerry, what am I gonna do? I'm gonna go in there and spy on her in the sauna?
(coming out of the shower in a bathrobe) May be she realized she could never have you and she jumped off the George Washington Bridge.
Okay, so he just wants to talk to you. I couldn't talk him out of it. So you just tell him that you're my boyfriend and that we're in love, okay. Can you do that?
Oh, yeah. I mean, of all the men that I know, you're the only one who's held down a steady job for several years.
Oh. (laughs) Ha-ha. Hey. Yeah, yeah. (indicating shelf) This Vincent guy, he is the best. He and I have the exact same taste in movies.
Can't you at least tell him what to do?
Okay, fine, we'll just wait until she calls the number.
Oh, great. It's the bra-less wonder. Who does she think she's kidding? Look at her, she's totally out of control.
Mr. Pitt! The board of directors is on the phone. They've called an emergency meeting. They want you to be there to discuss the merger!
Hey, guess what? I'm going to the Super Bowl with Tim Whatley.
(makes surprise noise) Are the clubs in it? Ask him.
Dick? He can't drink. He's an alcoholic. I told you to hold it.
Okay okay okay okay, you win. Forty dollars.
What if I like him? I'm going to start out lying to this guy?
(desperate) Don't you see what's going on here? He set us up. He's playing all these mindgames.
Kramer, I don't know how you lasted as long as you did.
(not charmed) That's nice. Listen, Kramer, you know, if you ever want to have kids you shouldn't wear briefs. Boxers are much better for your sperm count.
Jerry you gotta help me. I threw my back out.
Oh, yeah, I got a little steam bath. Listen, in 10 minutes, I'm gonna have my hands on that "Atomic Sub" card.
Well, I'm just gonna tell him no. I can't run the catalog.
Kramer, ahem, remember that whole deal with you selling Peterman your stories for his book and then he gave them back to you?
What did you think, that would impress me?
Oh yeah. It's the best part. It's crunchy, it's explosive, it's where the muffin breaks free of the pan and sort of (makes hand motions) does it's own thing. I'll tell you. That's a million dollor idea right there. Just sell the tops.
Well, you know, I mean, sometimes it's good to get there and make sure you get your seats and then go to the bathroom.
David and I will not be getting back together.
So if you can drive, you're not handicapped?
And I asked him, "Should Jerry bring anything?"
Oh, commander, isn't the wedding marvelous? More cake? Oh, I shouldn't. I mustn't. Ah, what the hell?
Oh, right. I hope you have a good oral surgeon because that can be very serious. (Changes channel) Hey, look at naked people.
( laughs) Well um, would you believe that it actually, hit somebody in the head.
What are you gonna do, you just gonna leave it here like this? Uh. I'm going upstairs.
Yeah. You know, men can sit through the most boring movie if there's even the slightest possibility that a woman will take her top off.
Eddie. Yes, um, I am so sorry but I'm afraid we're gonna have to... promote you.
Hey! Hold on a second. All right, look, I got an idea. Why don't you just show up early for your next date, sit across from each other, and see who the girls sit next to.
Ah Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I can't believe you told Kramer it's okay to put the cable in during the shower! Jerry, look,, look! They've eaten everything.
You have a statue? I never saw a statue.
Alright, listen to this. Remember that guy I was telling you about at the health club?
Ohh. (trying to control the Water Pik and shut it off.)
Eh, anti-fur. I mean, who has the energy anymore? This is more about hanging off the arm of an idiot.
Well maybe you're not the Dion type. O.K. then let's see, let's see, what do we got? (looking at the magazine, she starts to gasp and loses it) Oh! Oh oh oh! O.J.! O.J. Rifkin! You don't even use a name, it's just initials. Oh please please please change your name to O.J.! Please, it would be so great!
Just gonna return some of your things that were in my house.
(laughing) hehehe -- One picture left in the trunk.
All right, what time do you want me back here.
(explaining) We used to date, but now we're just friends.
yeah.. I I just forgot to check so if you could just spare me some.
Yeah I gotta get Testikov on tape. If this woman ends up in the "New England Journal Of Medicine" I'm not gonna pay for it.
No, but they got the chocolate. We'll be going in with lesser babka.
I still don't see what the big deal is.
I am never going back to the movies again
No. He blew out my Witchy Woman, and he won't share Desperado. Hey, what d'you think of Oye Como Va?
Well, it's the second row. It's just as good.
You guys stay here, I'll be right back.
would you throw this trash out (closes the door)
Me? No no no, you. You're gonna tell him. I'm not gonna tell- Noo.
( laughs)Listen, I've used your parents address in Florida.
God I hate these mixtures. Why don't they just put pretzels on the table. Even peanuts would be good, but I don't know how eats these cheesy things (she does).
I don't understand, why is this woman talking about my shoes? Why are my shoes a topic of conversation?
I'm sure you'll have another fight, George. (Stamps on George's foot and closes the door.) (To Billy) Hold that thought!
All right. Well that's enough of that. That's enough.
(to Jerry) What? What'd you say to the doorman?
Well, listen, I just want you to know that I was more than willing to stick it out with Joel Rifkin.
Oh, I must have left it at Jame's
Ah, it's George. I bet you this is somehow George related.
I wonder what Ghandi ate before his fast.
(sob sob) (bumps into man with an umbrella)  I don't even know where I'm going.
Well, well isn't the president allowed to do anything that they want?
All right. All right. Give me a tsate. Mmm! Oh God, I gotta sit down. What happened? Where's my armoire?
Brett said you ran away from him, as if he were the boogetyman.
Oh, he's come up with some other move. You should see this thing.
Again you are telling me to shut up?
(using silly voice) Uh, yeah yeah. I'd like to place an order.
Well why should that be? Oh, I have an idea. I have an idea. No call the day after that.
It's just Elaine, like Cher. Ha ha ha
Oh, uh, thank you. Are you still friends with Richie Appel?
My number? Ohh.. (looks at Kramer's business card) Okay.. Uh, well, there you go. (writes H&H's number down) And, uh, tell you what.. (looks at the board in the back) put a sawbuck on Captain Nemo in the third at Belmont.
Maybe Ill get a steak with french fried onion wings.
(Annoyed, near tears) The one that sits atop my disproportunately puny body.. I'm a walking candy apple!
Bus? Wait a minute, wait a minute, bus? You've got a bus?
I'm in awe of his intellect, when he talks it sounds like he's reading from one of his novels.
I don't even know if I can go scuba diving.
I don't know what I'm going to do. I can't look the woman in the face. I mean I keep thinkin' that that goiter's gonna start talkin' to me... You'd think they'd mention that before they send you over there "Oh, by the way, this woman *almost* has a second head". But no, no, I didn't get any goiter information.
(Not committing to the conversation) It doesn't matter to me.
No, no, but I would like to hear it.
What's been going on out there? I've been standing here 20 minutes.
Yeah, clam and scallop. I clam and scallop.
Her father is so religious, I'm just amazed that he's letting you see her again after that Schindler's List make-out session.
(to George returning) Hi George. Something stinks in here.( George motions to Jerry, she nods)
I'm trying to get a little squirrel to come over to me here. I don't wanna make any big, sudden movements. I'll frighten him away.
Did you ever pay Todd for these things?
I didn't know that he'd fall for me and I'd drive him insane. I mean, you know, that's not my fault.
I dont know, who to root for, Georges place has carpeting.
I was a great admirer of Mrs. Onass-sis-sis-sis...
Hey, what time is it? (she looks up and asks as Jerry walks in the aisle)
I know, I know. Im sorry Im late.
(to Jerry) Hi. (indicating Kramer) How's he doing?
(on the intercom) It's me, are you ready to go?
If you were a woman would you go out with him?
Let's see if you get the twenty bucks back.
I'll see you later man. I gotta go.
You know, that's weird, actually, 'cause I'm sort of the same way. I mean once for like, no reason, I flattened my hair and I had all these strands hanging in my face all the time...
Huh, yeah, I know. It's not very flattering.
Ive got nothing against the foot. Im pro-foot.
Goodbye? (Elaine thinks of memories with Mr. Pitt)
That's right! He's a real sidler. (points at Jerry)
Jerry, Jerry, Jean-Paul's missing! He's alone in the city! Call me back. (hangs up)
I'm sorry, but I didn't want Lloyd thinking I was leading him on again. Seeing him made me feel very uncomfortable.
Perhaps there's more to him than meets the eye.
Oh well, hey, I dated Jerry too. I-I know what a monster he can be. More wine and turkey?
I was on the other line talking to Jill.
Oh great, then you can go to the bachelor auction.
...Uhm, the new Time magazine. The new People...
Yeah. And she broke up with the vitamin guy.
Hey man, women are really loyal to their birth control methods. What does Susan use?
I once broke up with a guy because he didnt keep his bathroom clean enough.
Ech, George, I have no idea what you're talking about.
Check it out, from the new issue of the New Yorker...huh!...Funny isn't it? (Dugan shrugs) Look at it, the pig wants to be taller and what's this guy gonna say?.. he he...Nothin'..he he.
(Coming in Jerry's apartment) Hey. Happy New Year!
Well Jerry's gonna be the best man and Kramer's gonna be the usher so what am I gonna be?
(on phone) Oh, yes, yes I'll tell him. Yes, thank you. Um, um hold on. (to Pitt) Mr. Pitt!
Oh, it's a lot of just fancy-shmancy stuff. You know what it's like? It's like a big budget movie with a story that goes *nowhere*.
Lookit, Kramer, you are not getting this bike. I don't even know why you ant it. (laughingly) I mean, it's a girl's bike.
Hey, let me ask you something something. Did George buy that sweater knowing the red dot was on it because it was cheaper? (Jerry is unconfortable) Ooookay, you just gave me the answer.
What did you have to say that for?
See, there are no jerk stores. It..it's just a little confusing, is all.
I have to go to the bathroom too (runs to be ahead of Jane; Jane stops and looks back at Jerry; Jerry shugs)
David? David, I think we aught to talk.
(walks up to counter) Helloo? I'd like to buy these hirachis.
No, I'm sorry. I can't hurt a dog. I can't hurt a dog. I can't.
Boy, I'm really looking forward to this duck. I've never had food ordered in advance before.
No. I don't think I should go. I really don't wanna bump into Russell. He called me the other day. He won't quit.
Yeah, I guess I never really stood a chance.
Kosher meal? I don't want a kosher meal. I don't even know what a kosher meal is.
Well, this has turned out to be one *helluva* weekend. (Policeman knocks on door, Michael answers)
Will you shut up? You are ruining the whole trip.
(to Jerry) So, what are you gonna do? Are you gonna live here, or are you gonna move out, or what?
Everything with you has to be so .. jokey.
We-Were doing that evening of Eastern European National Anthems.
This food was in the shower with you?
Hey, how come we played at this crummy place instead of your club?
Oh hey, can I bring David Puddy? He's a big Devils' fan.
You know, maybe you need somebody between good and mediocre.
Now listen. I just dont know how a person, with everything we now know about pre-natal care can put a cigarette in her mouth.
What do they have there, a couple of beds?
How would you like it if someone told YOU the truth?
Hey, George, we saw your father on the street before.
No no, no, I want that table. I want that table! Oh, come on, did you see that? What was that? He took the money, he didn't give us a table.
Jerry! It was! Let me take it again.
Yeah. White ones. Like the ones you wear with sneakers.
(takes the book from the guy and signs it herself) How can you say that I still like you, when I didn't even say hi to you?
(Put her finger in George's face) You be careful George.
Oh, maybe we should go some place else.
Oh my god, I can't believe it! That is such a coincidence!
You know what. I don't have one female friend left.
Cmon, you cant do anything about it. The cops wont do anything. What, are you going to fight him? Why dont you just forget it?
Get well, get well soon, we want you to get well. Get well, get well soon we want you to get well.
Oh, huh huh, that is a good idea. C'mon George.
I thought my idea was just as good.
(thinking) You know, my fingerprints are all over this. That doorman knows you're a friend of mine. He'll tell that co-op lady, she'll tell Mr. Pitt... Jerry, I'm in this too deep.
He wanted to have it restrung. (to clerk) Here I need to pick that up
No Jerry, it is out of the question. You know what sex does to a friendship, it kills it.
You wanna meet her. You wanna see if she likes you?
(as he touches her) Uhh! What are you doing?
Alibi? What does that have to do with me?
I don't care for jewellery on men (wags her finger disapprovingly)
Mr Peterman, uh... There seems to be a bit of a snag.
'Kay. You, uh...you got room in the truck for me?
You are paying a woman to come to your house and sleep with you.
Um, he said, "Oh. A label maker. Howbout that?"
You left them in the car? How could you leave them in the car?
What were you doing watching the door anyway?
Yeah, he's almost fully recovered. He told me he was just using me for sex.
Oh yeah, right. I replaced uh, Teddy Roosevelt.
(irritated, throwing down her bag) I had to ask Kevin, to leave his office an' come an' pick me up!
You got me an apartment in the building?!
You are kidding. That is amazing. (She pushes Jerry, Jerry falls back into Kramer.) I just took a car service from work and to get the driver to not talk to me, I pretended I was going deaf.
Alright, then, it's like a boring book, but you gotta finish it.
You didn't say this to George, did you?
Um, hi! Hi. I called earlier about getting the yogurt tested.
Elaine. You don't remember our conversation? I talked about how my uncle worked in the book depository building with Lee Harvey Oswald?
Am I fearing AIDS? Oh, yeah sure, who isn't. But you know you gotta live your life.
She'd driven me a hundred and twenty miles and, all of a sudden, three blocks from my door, she decides this trip is over. Isn't that strange?
Y'know, just because you two are homosexuals, so what? I mean you should just come out of the closet and be openly gay already.
Oh, you can have mine. Ill ship it out to you. (Isaac isn't listening to Elaine) But what about that big apartment on West End Avenue?
Huh, I think it's a little old-fashioned. Don't you? (to receptionist) Uh, tell her.
Well, maybe we should double. I'm pretty ga-ga myself.
Well, this meowing is absolutely worst than the alarm.
Health cookies. I hate those little dustboard fructose things.
Well, as far as I know, he bumped his arm into a door and it's kind of got this in(pauses)voluntarily movement. Some sort of a (clears her throat) spasm. So, anyway, you're a..you're a big advisor to Dinkins, huh?
Oh, he's nobody. Hey, listen, ... let me top that off for ya. (pours her glass of wine into Celias glass)
Hey, how are we gettin' to Scott Drake's party on Saturday night?
Yes, she understands you and she is not demanding.
Because they're Jujyfruit. I like them. I didn't know it would start a chain reaction that would lead to the end of Pendant Publishing.
Vivian, hi it's Elaine. Yeah, I'm over at Jerry's, I got your message...What? Yeah, he's right here, hold on...(hands the phone to Kramer.)
Jerry.. George, Kramer.. This is Kevin, Gene.. and Feldman.
Well , I just came from the gym , unless I can shower at your place.
Wel...I have to be something. I 'm a close friend....What about being a bridesmaid.
(To Jerry) I do have one teeny little problem, though.
Sure, its...probably the same guy, who delivers the wood.
(on the phone to) Look Jerry, we'll meet you at the theater. (hangs up the phone) OK, next showings at 900, we can't wait any longer.
*gasp* My god! My watch! You found my watch! (pushing Jerry)
Well you guys are gonna have fun here so..bye take care
Well, I'm very fortunate to be surrounded by such stupidity.
All right, I'll just have to call her from Paris.
No thanks. (to the phone) Yeah, Yeah I'll hold.
Hey, I've never noticed your hands before. Let me see.
Listen, there was a lot more I could've told her, believe me.
Well what do you want to give him, change?
Oh it was such a great night. Oh.
Oh, can't, I'm going to the Knicks-Bulls game.
Ok, fine. I'll go back... You know, our goal should be a society *without* *classes*! [She goes through the curtain to, ick, *coach*] Do you realise that the people up here are getting *cookies*!
Wait a second, who are we talking about here?
Yeah. I mean, his upper lip landed flush on my upper lip. But his lower lip landed well below my rim.
(Handing George a ticket) Here. You're going to India with us tomorrow.
(Wh-wh) What is wrong with my hair? Nobody takes better care of their hair than me. You can serve dinner on my head.
What if he tells John? Then John's gonna think that I think that we're hot and heavy. I don't want John thinking that I'm hot and heavy if he's not hot and heavy.
This is it. I can take this anymore.
huh (smiles) but huh, in this medicated haze, in this woozy state, um do you recall the words.. radical reconstructive surgery being uttered?
No. You are not a man. It takes a *long* time to become a man. I mean, half my friends aren't even there yet.
Well, you know, because he's a high talker.
you know what, it's getting late, can I call Tony?
Oh, I'm - I'm really uncomfortable talking about this.
So what's been going on around this dump? How's your fiancee?
Yes, yes - before they went off the market. I mean, now I've got to re-evaluate my whole screening process. I can't afford to waste any of 'em.
Yes, fine, fine, a juice glass is perfect.
He has this power over me, okay. I mean he has this way of manipulating every little word that I say. He's like a Svenjolly.
What about Don Ramsey? You didn't mention anything to him did you?
(Reflecting) Well, it got me fired from the benefit committee.
I needed them to help me break my fall! If it hadn't been for them, I could have really injured myself!
So.ehmmmm. so, do you have any ideas when the Nicole Millers are coming in?
So then, listen, listen. So then, I showered and I dressed, and I saw him again, on the way out. (Giddy and nearly out of breath) So we're walkin' and talkin', and he asked me my name - and I think I said Elaine - but, I mean, who the hell knows.. And so then, he says to me "Do you wanna split a cab uptown?" And I said, "Sure" - even though I was going downtown. So, we get in the cab, and I mean, I have no idea where I'm goin', right? But this is John F. Kennedy Junior we're talkin' about! (Deep breath) So, then, he says to me, "Where do you live?" And I - and I - and I was close to your block, so I said your building. So he dropped me off in front, (Laughs) and I had to take a cab all the way back downtown to my house.. (Picks up a glass of cold water and presses it up to her forehead to cool her off) Oh, God..
I know, Cynthia too. She's really given up.
Jerry, where'd you get it? That's his coat.
(in pain) Oh god! Oh, god. (bitter) Kramer!
(annoyed) Oh! Would you gimme the clicker? I hate it when you're the clicker! You go too fast! (Elain makes a grab for the clicker, instigating a tug-o-war between Elaine and Jerry over the clicker)
Well, you should have come to my house to pick it up.
Jerry, you promised you'd get me home by seven.
(Realizes Jerry and George aren't paying attention) So then, I got a call this morning. You know, I was, uh, chosen to go on the space shuttle. We're goin' to Mars.
(pointing to Kramer) Now look what you've done.
Oh, Kevin...you can go on and on about how you don't want kids...and it sounds, it sounds really nice, but...the truth is, I don't know if you mean it or not.
I lost my voice screaming at this thing. I can't sleep. I can't work. I mean, I just moved. I can't move again. What am I gonna do? What? What am I gonna do?
(excited) That is a Schwinn Stingray! And it's the girl's model! Oh, I always wanted one of these when I was little.
Oh come on, George, please put it in a garage. I don't want to spend an hour looking for a space.
Well, you know, grace is a tough one. I like to think I have a little grace...not as much as Jackie -
Let me see the card. (Reading) To a wonderful girl, a great pal, and more? (Kramer enters)
(to the phone) Well did he bring it up in the meeting?
My Botticelli shoes. You've been talking about my Botticelli shoes.
(still paying no attention) Hmm-mmm. First thing in the morning.
This pen smells really bad. So why do I keep smelling it? Is it too late for me to go to law school?
There's this blind guy at a party I was at, and he felt my face for a really long time. You know, to see what I looked like. He almost put his finger up my nose.
Well, are you going to take a nap or --
I think it was a gun. And then they followed us all the way into the city, and then they just stopped and they turned around and they went home.
I thought pitchers and catchers did have a special rapport.
Yeah, take it! Take it!.. An' stop calling me "Nip"! (Co-worker takes it and quickly leaves. Elaine goes back to the phone) It was an accident! Well.. well.. it's gotta be somewhere. Look under his mattress.
(to Jerry, indicating Kramer) Yeah. This is gonna work out just fine.
It's cold out, and I didn't bring my own. Jerry! God forbid I should borrow one from Holly. It might have belonged to grandma Memma. Thanks for mutton.
What? You're kidding, I just got this invitation today. Oh, I was so excited. It's really a beautiful invitation.
Well, I mean don't you think that he was probably called Maestro while he was conducting, not in social situations. I mean his friends probably just called him Lenny.
OK fine. (smiling) I did like that little Calvin Klein number right by the elevator. You know the little ... (motions in the direction of the elevator)
All Right! (throws arms down) You answered it right there.
The truth is ... I think you make ... a very nice couple.
Ya can't bring Pepsi. (Elaine starts putting on her coat and gloves)
Well, it doesn't seem to be coming in so good over here. Or here.
(noticing Ava in a fur) Oh look at that. Look at what she's wearing. You see what she's wearing?
Can you die from an odor? I mean, like if you were locked in a vomitorium for two weeks, could you actually die from the odor?
Well here's the thing. Being a woman, I only really have access to the, uh... equipment, what, thirty, forty-five minutes a week. And that's on a good week. How can I be expected to have the same expertise as people who *own* this equipment, and have access to it twenty-four hours a day, their entire lives.
(quiet) Oh, but I thought I was in line for that assignment.
The pig says "my wife is a slut."
what happened to his face, tell me, what happened to his face
Okay.. The point , George, is she likes you.
Oh! These designs look great! Peggy, you really saved me.
Because, he doesn't pay any attention to me, and uh he ignores me.
(at the boy's back) This isn't fair. This is address discrimination!
Then how are all these people getting together?
(awkward, increasingly avoiding eye contact) Well. Uh. I don't know about sick. I mean, maybe it was somebody who, didn't wanna talk to whoever was answering because whoever was answering was always making boring chit-chat, an' was completely oblivious to the fact that the person who was calling, didn't want to speak to them, ah!
No, no. (stamps foot) Kramer, you don't understand. He made the last contact between us. I had the upper hand in the post-breakup relationship. If he thinks that I said hi, then I lose the upper hand.
Oh, damn, this place is incredible, look at all this great light!
Jerry saw this guy crash into a car, and he followed him.
Uh, could you come back in about five minutes?
Why is Mr. Costanza with a man in a cape?
So listen , what about this girl on the tape recorder?
That's despicable. How does he know how all coffee drinkers will vote? I'm a coffee drinker. If I was on that jury I wouldn't give you a nickel Kramer.
Ah, I think I'm on the outs with Brett. I got shushed during Desperado.
He's bald. I know that's a guy thing.
Russell, you are the president of NBC. You can have any woman you want. (picks up the bowl of munchies on the table)
Don't worry, your bitterness is safe with me.
You need something to sit up. Why don't I get you a pillow?
Not the point. The wedding is in one week. I got this (Holds up invitation) today.
What if Jeffrey's not home. Did you ever think of that?
Oh, just great. I found out that Vivian has some kind of medical problem and if the worst happens she wants me to take care of Jimmy.
Okay, alright. What's his name? Who is he?
You should have told that story about Packyderm dropping the pizza.
Oh, that was awful. Poor Antonio. (Waiter hands Elaine two bags of food to go) ..Thanks.
Yeah. Well um, I was just curious if I were interested in availing myself of your services, um, what exactly would you do?
David, I don't think we should see each other anymore.
Can you give us a hand with some of these boxes, Bob?
No, ... he didn't! No, ... he didn't!
I've got such a headache. Oh, that's another symptom!
(Phil cracking up) So then Packyderm picks up the pieces of pizza, and mind you know they are burning hot.. he can bearly hold 'em. I mean he's like trying to juggle (does a juggling motion and begins laughing) the pizza, you know ah. And then they go flying out of...
OK, I'm not gonna tell you the rest of the list.
It's his birthday and it's his last day?
(Holds onto Jerry's arm) No, please! Denim vest! He's smoothing it! Jerry! God! (Jerry excapes Elaine's grasp, moves over to the woman. The man wearing a denim vest moves over to Elaine.)
Oh, well then I better get going otherwise George will make me buy him lunch to make up for that big salad he bought me yesterday.
All right, well, then what if we become a couple, George? Every time we see you you're going to be walking around going like this? (moving her arm) Even you can't keep that up.
Knopp? Really? Boy. That means there's an opening here for senior editor...has Lippman, uh, hired anyone?
No, you don't understand - he was working out right in front of me. So, listen, after the class was over, I timed my walk to the door so we'd get there at the exact same moment, and he says to me, (Thinking the world of what he said) "Quite a workout."
Oh, God - my nephew. (Picks up the phone and hits the button) Hi, Gail!.. Yu.. yu... Yes, Gail, I know how old he is.
(offering her yogurt to George) You want to taste mine?
I can't believe it! You were *huge*! Like blubber! I couldn't even get my arms around you...
Forget it. You are very careful with money.
So, Kevin. If I don't want children, does that make me a bad humanitarian?
Alright, (claps hands) here it is. This is what we'll tell 'em. You came to pick me up...
Excuse me, I was wondering if would it be possible if you could deliver the old couch to my apartment? It's not very far.
No! I won't be a party to this.
Uh-m, uh I'm so sorry Roy, but actually, we are going to the, Poconos on Friday, right honey? (pointing to Jerrythe boyfriend?)
You're interested in...in her? (Points at the manager.)
Oh, now it's moving. Oh, yeah. I knew it. Hey! Hey!
So. Mom and Pop's plan was to move into the neighborhood...establish trust...for 48 years. And then, run off with Jerry's sneakers.
Nah, he was tired. He had some feet in his face. My cousin Holly is completely insane. She keeps calling and accusing me of stealing her napkins.
Yeah. Now I can break up with him. He's clean, and I'm the office hero.
Hey Paula!.. I hear you been going out with George Costanza?
Are there any good Italian restaurants around here?
You know I-I'm having a lot of trouble, um, hearing you back here. So...
(heading for the bathroom) Be down in a minute.
And I want my keys back from you!
Oh! Well, ah, what's in a name? I mean, water's water. Right?
(Still unable to speak right) In my class? John Kennedy's gonna be in my class?!
So, George, do you have any thoughts on this Darryl situation?
Look, I was nice enough to pick it up for you
When did she, (Snickers) when did she ask you this?
( feeling awkward as well) Yeah! that was a...f...fun ..mmm?.
(defensive) No, it doesn't mean anything. I'm not even gonna rewind it.
What? Betrayed? Oh, Vincent, I'm so sorry. I...
(impatient) Okay, George, I am on the other line. I promise you, I'll get you her number.
(Agreeing) It's one of the nicest things anyone's ever said to me.
What are you doing here? I thought you were out of town for the weekend.
(to the phone)Yeah. Oh! What? He is! Oh! thats fantastic! I'm so excited! Yes I'm excited, OK, OK I'll be in soon! yeah, yeah, I'm coming, I'm coming! OK bye. (Elaine jumps up and dances around) Yuri Testikov, the Russian writer!
"Oh! Well ... You don't tuck those in?"
(moving Peggy's water to make room for paper on the desk) These proofs look pretty good. Oh. Can I move this? Yup. I think this will work.
So do most doctors like ER or do you guys just think it's fake?
Oh, uh equivalency. A high school equivalency program graduate. (Kramer dances up and down the stage) He's uh, self-employed. He's... I don't know, six foot three, 190 pounds, he likes, uh... fruit, and he just got uh, a haircut.
(after they leave) Isn't she beautiful? Her nose is in such perfect proportion with the rest of her face. She's breathtaking! Who would have though she's like--
Alright, well, maybe I'll mention it to Russell tomorrow night.
How could she forget I've been ordering lunch every day here for 3 and a half years?
Now you're being audited because of it. You see That's Karma.
Oh, no...please don't go. Please - please don't walk away.
Oh! Well, I just think it's wonderful. Honestly! I've gotta run, but um, please, please give my best to Susan.
I got held up. Do you mind if I heat this muffin up?
Blonde hair, remember? Glasses? (pause) Have you totally blocked out the entire time we were a couple?
Yeah. I think it will be a very smooth transition for you.
(suddenly intrigued) "You know, I've never heard anyone talk the way you do. It's very unusual."
Ah hah. Well, listen. You would be wise to keep your distance from him.
Okay, so, now, is there anything else I need to know about this place?
I did. I most certainly did. And he said, he goes, Oh, yeah. Youre Jeanettes friend. We did meet once. And I said, Well, how do you go from that to totally ignoring a person when they walk by?
Well, I don't care, I'm not taking it off.
*Five* dollars a bag? I don't think so.
(putting on lipstick) Sorry pal, wish I could help you out.
Id do it but I dont have any money.
(Realizes her mistake) I think I'm gonna be sick. (George enters alone)
So, what's up with Babu? How come he's not back?
Because this woman came in with a dog and Ruby called the dog the same word they used when they were pointing at mege ge ge
Tomarrow?! Are you crazy? No, now, now! Let's go! (Gets his suitcase from the closet, throws it on the bed, and frantically starts packing) You get dressed! Get dressed!
They look good. I liked the other one too. I've liked about five of them.
No, no, no, you don't understand! I'm not a lesbian! I hate men, but I'm not a lesbian!
Ah. (Looking at the invitation) Hey, look at this. 'Pinter Ranawat'.. I wonder if he's related to that guy I dated, Peter Ranawat..
oh wait, you're giving me a lift home right?
Yeah... (2 co-workers enter Elaine's office) Oh Jer, I gotta go. I gotta go. (she hangs up)
I have never met a normal guy named Stuart.
You know, there are 200 people who work in this office. Every day is somebody's special day.
Oh, Mr Lippman. (joins laughter) That is so exciting. I mean, you have no idea how sick I am of running around town looking for socks.
No! You take that mannequin down right now, or I'm pressing charges. (Jerry goes along) Yes, this is my attorney.
Well. I mean. (distracted by the food) Oh, god. This tuna tastes like an old sponge.
Tell that to my father. Anyway, guess what? Beth Lookner called me.
You're a wake up guy. Don't you have calls to make?
Well, I guess I better go and price fur coats.
Yeah, I've no use for them anymore. Honestly.
Listen, Jerry, this place is falling apart. You have no hot water, you cant have soft cheese...
(Shows no sign that she cares) Alright, good. Good.
(walking to the couch) Or, could be your walkman there.
(coming back into Monk's) Did I leave my glasses here?
He has to go. He may have killed her.
I guess you figure you're in for a pretty wild night?
Jerry, how could you let him spend so much money?
Jerry and George called me from this limo and they said we're all going to the Knicks-Bulls game.
Oh it be. (sarcastically) You got any other friends you want to set me up with?
No no, there's nothing wrong with her nose! I'm so sorry, Audrey.
(aside) Huhh, getting the short end of that stick.
No I'll take my chances. Come on...( Grabs him by the coat and head back to his place)
Oh yeah, she's a great laugher, Jerry. (imitates Toby) Really, really great!
If it attached itself to you, then... Oh, my God! That's why Carl said he had to get up early! Because I stink! Jerry, he thinks I have B.O.! Me!
Oh yeah, sure. (hangs up) Gimme a break.
I can't. I have to go visit Tina in the hospital.
You don't think that someone having a baby warrants an exclamation point.
I could've! I mean, last week we waited for that friend of Kramer's for like, forty minutes.
I'm sorry, I got really busy. How long did you wait?
I dunno. You ever get a good look at DeGaulle?
(While reading a book) Oh oh, listen to this, this is not good, listen to these symptoms for rabies anxiety, irritability. I got those, I'm irritable!
(takes a huge shot) I'll tell ya, it's not bad.
No, no, no, he's a really really funny guy.
[mind] Is he going to try to kiss me?
Well, I called him all the way up to my office, so I had to tell him something important. So I promoted him.
It was totally out of the blue. We went upstairs to his apartment, you know, to look for the label maker.
Well I trust people not to do that.
Ah. The "stock swap". Let's swap some stock. (giggles)
No no no no, come on, let's go downstairs.
Jerry, there's got to be a way to find that out.
Do you have to do that? Jerry, don't do that, that is so annoying.
You know it's bad enough you have a car phone, you have to use the speaker?
*And* he gets the rest of my chicken...
French impressionism. Oh, I love this. (Looking up at George) Now, what is the problem with this book?
All right, all right. You sound a little freaked out yourself.
Nine hundred. Do I hear a thousand? Ladies, he is a Harvard graduate.
(takes the work order and points to the Fusilli Jerry sitting on the table) What? What is this?
...Well, obviously... You know... (disbelief) Ap..ap, Chu... Why would you think I was having an affair with George?
(taking the phone) Hello Mr. Pitt. How's Scotland?
Yeah, well not for long. Im breaking up with him.
Right. Yeah. [fearing the answer] Could I have a small popcorn?
You've put a lot of thought into this, haven't you?
Mister Peterman, thanks for having me over. Your place isn't quite what I imagined.. (It's plain, with no sign of Peterman's personality)
Did she have anything to do with Hitler?
So? So, his secret's out. Don't you see? I could give these to every restaurant in town. I could have 'em published! I could - I could drop fliers from a plane above the city.
Oh man! Look at this... I'm out of time anyway.
(upset) Well, how am I gonna know what movies to see?
I know how to do it. Pair of pants, a stupid story, a huge markup. I can do that.
(Turning around and leaving with Pinter) Hey, let's go someplace else, Okay, Peter?
'One bright note in today's market, was the stock of retailer J Peterman, whose founder's surprise return generated a rise of twelve and a half points.'
Yeah well Jerome, I, happen to be flying him in on my frequent flyer miles.
Jerry? Jerry, tell them that funny story you were telling me--
So when do you think you're gonna get outta here?
Uhm, nothing. I was just uhm... I wasn't in there.
Hey Todd. Let me ask you a question. Um. Was this whole date thing just a way of asking me out?
Anyway ... So John told me that Richie is in town from Los Angeles and he's really messed up on drugs. So I told him that he should do an intervention.
I mean, she thought it was kind of strange to just order a salad. . . . You know. . . . For a man.
No no no, you're out, I'm in. Now, hit the road.
What about the woman who's been drugged and taken advantage of?
Oh, what didn't you like about the first chapter?
I got Sandra transferred to another office upstairs, okay?! So, she blabs to Lippman about my long distance calls to Europe!
Could you put it in a big bowl?
I would, but I have to pick up Ed at the airport.
No, actually I'm... I'm just kind of hungry.
the four of us are going out Saturday right? That should be fun
Oh, yeah, right, that's something I do all the time, right. I make up stories to get ahead in lines at bakeries.
Oh listen, guess what? Cheryl convinced Ping to drop the case against me.
No! No, no, no, he's not bald. He's balding.
Well I mean the question isnt even for me its for a friend.
The hat? Why do you need to see the hat?
Oh, uh, wait a second. Would you like to come, upstairs?
This jackass goes to Paris, leaves the alarm on. It's been beeping since 330 this morning.
Well, the female body is a... work of art. The male body is utilitarian, it's for gettin' around, like a jeep.
I'm not his girlfriend. We dated for a while, but things didn't really work out.
No noo no, we just bought this. . . . Um, you sold us a cake with a (quietly) hair on it.
(Confused) "Anything else"? What do you mean "anything else"?
No, they've just got to get more cops on the force, it's as simple as that.
All because of this creepy new guy at work. He just - he just comes out of nowhere and he's right next to you!
You know what drove me crazy about him? Did you ever notice that he stood too close to you when he talked?
An estimate? How am I supposed to do that?
Mr. Pitt, I do not think that is such a good idea.
You know what? That's discriminatory. That is unfair. Why should these women have all the advantages? It's not enough they get all the attention from men, they have to get all the waitress jobs, too?
Well, then you're free tonight. You know what, I heard about this great place called La Caridad.
God. Man, this is killing me. Right now, I would give that bike to the first person who could make this pain go away.
(Laughing out loud) That's it?! (Laughs again) That's the best you got?! (Laughs loudly as Alan exits)
So we took a little ride. What's the big deal?
(repeating to hear how it sounds) Todd. (pause) No. Veto.
Oh, you don't wanna know, mistah. I'm trouble. Big trouble.
He is just in his own world when he hears that song. It's like, I'm sitting there in the car, and he's.. out riding fences.
Listen, gosh, I wanted to thank you so much for convincing Ping to drop the case.
I'm not sure but... I think I see your...
(pause, then vaguely waves while watching them leave) Hello?
I don't know, give em to a soup kitchen.
A poppy seed! It must have been in the chicken. Oh, I'm dead. I'm going to the doctor's in a half an hour.
Well, I was just curious why you didn't use an exclamation point?
I told you I couldn't. The woman was crying about how she might never play tennis again
Oh yeah, I know all about make-up sex, and I'm really sorry. (Shoves George into the hallway and closes the door. George blocks the door with his foot.)
That man he's with is he wearing a cape?
(CONT'D) Hey, watch it. ...Did you see that car? Maniac. Can you explain something to me? I got six questions wrong on my drivers test. That's the maximum. I read the book, I'm a college graduate. This is a country where fifty percent of its high school students can't locate Europe on a map. How are they all passing that test? It's a mystery.
Yeah, I know. Uh, by the way, could you do me a favor and tell Mitchell Tanenbaum that I will be unable to attend this Saturday.
Leslie, Leslie, whatever happened to Sargent Shriver? Is he still with them? You don't hear much about him these days. Is he out of the loop?
Oh, come on. Good? What was good about it? (scoffs) Those sex scenes! I mean, please! Gimme something I can use!
Wow. Isn't this little bunny giving you the-
Hey, wake up. It's 830 you were supposed to walk me up at 715.
Come on, what is taking you so long?
well I don't need much, just 3 squares will do it
Oh, well. Crackers in a bowl. That -- That could be a meal.
Oh, Leslie, I am so sorry about everything that went on here tonight. You know, I had no idea..
Me? Oh no, but I'd love to have a baby, I mean, I can't wait to have a baby. I'm just dyin' to have a baby.
So, this is over, not over? I'm bettin', not over.
Well, what do you want me to do?
I mean, what compels a seemingly normal human being to do something like that?
I'm going to surprise Joey, I?ve never been to his apartment so I?m just going to 'pop in'
Jerry, the auction is in a few hours.
This is not the point. (emphatic) The point is, you just can't have the bike.
Yeah, that's what I need; a pinch weasel.
I don't know, I don't know what to do. (sighs) Oh god.... so how was the movie?
You know, I was just thinking. The four of us can't show up with just one bottle of wine.
Hey, look at this. Wide lanes. This is so luxurious. Woo, yeah.
(barging in) Aw, now you talked her into getting a nose job?
(apologetically) I didn't know she'd take it so seriously.
HE reads everything, you know, Ned's very well read.
Uh, I couldn't look. It was like the Pekinese.
(Exits, closing the door behind her) Oh man. Ugh..
... And it's so obvious that they don't want..
It's like I didn't even know him. He's like a totally different person.
What are you doing with your old couch?
Why? Why did you get into a fist fight with the cop? You were innocent!
(Liking the idea) Ohh.. right. Cause if we're dating, what everyone saw was just a beautiful moment between two lovers.
You should have lived in the twenties and thirties, you know men wore hats all the time then.
Oh, Cry Cry Again, I wanna see that.
Bummer...Okay , good luck finding her . I'm taking off.
(aggressive, with finger pointing) Just stick with the story. We'll be fine. Let me do the talking!
Oh. Well, there's nothin' more sophisticated than diddlin' the maid and then chewin' some gum.
So, you understand how my Peterman stock options are gonna work?
No. It's just that I've been kind of buried over here.
Well wait a minute, there's a slight change of plans.
Such a long story, Cynthia, seriously, I mean he just had some problems at work.
Ok, well why don't we just put these two tables together?
Uh. Alright, alright. I'll put it in the vault.
I just thought you would be a little more excited about a friend of mine having a baby.
They're next to the fins. You got my cards?
Yes, but then he wiped his hand on the top of the bottle when I offered him water!
Hey, that's Barry. Look it's Barry. (taps on the window)
What? (shocked) What?! George, no way. You're engaged!
That was two years ago, remember? 'Jeh-Ree, you gotta see the Bay-Bee! You gotta see the Bay-Bee!'
Oh, yeah... Puddy. Well, I won't fire him until I see if this new guy can... handle the workload.
Mrs Seinfeld, please. I am begging you. Put the air conditioner on.
(Screams out in joy) My God! I can't believe the other guy's going to be on the show!
No, no. Mister Peterman, why don't we keep them - as a, as a reference?
And they're gonna look great in your apartment, George.
Mattress, I didn't order a mattress. Who sent this? Hal Kitzmiller?
Oh! (rushing to the microwave) My muffin! (opens microwave door) Oh, shoot! (slams it)
I don't fool around, (banging on the table) baby!
Yeah, yeah. You know what? There are a lot of players named Deon these days. What a cool name, Deon. If I were gonna change my name, I'd go with Deon.
Shoes? Shoes?! Shoes?! Shoes weren't invented till the fourth century! People walked around for thousands of years without them! (Puts her coat on over her nightie. He picks up his suitcase, she grabs it from him, then pushes him out of her way) I got this. Let's go!
I'd have to think about it. I doubt it, though. I doubt it. I'll let you know.
I don't know how anyone does this. It must be *so* nerve racking... How do they warm up their fingers?
Wait, I got another call, that must be Jerry.
Yeah, yeah, well, for some reason, um, I just find myself just overcome with feelings of jealousy and resentment.
Okay, listen, Jerry, you just catch up with me okay? You can just follow the trail of blood.
Oh, right. C'mon, don't you think they seem a bit too perfect?
Oh, c'mon Blaine. I mean, look at the poster for Sack Lunch.
No, no, I just - I just don't see how that's relevant.
She's so wild. Can I borrow her for a few hours tomorrow afternoon?
(Mock joy) Ohh.. thank you. (Accepts the gift) Huh.. (Struggles under the size) Wha-- why does a toothbrush come in such a big box?
No, you're the only, white poet warlord in the neighborhood. (laughs)
(entering, uneasy) Mr. Peterman, Peggy, I.. guess we, should just get this over with. (sits)
Well we can take the car service from my office.
(Calling on phone) Hey, Beth, Arnie, it's Elaine. Um, thought you guys might wanna have lunch. Gimme a call. Bye.
(points in the air as is to point out each things Jerry asked) Fake, fake, fake, fake.
Yeah, he like you though. Said you reminded him of somebody he knew in Korea.
Oh, poor George. Oh, I'm sorry, but I can't stay long. I don't want to run into Doctor Tongue.. Here, I brought you something. (Takes out a pint of ice cream. George gets excited) Oh, please, come on.. it was nothing.
(Joking, she snobbishly says) I'm never eating here again.
Lippman want's to see me in his office SEE ME! That can't be good
Yech, look at this ashtray. I hate cigarettes.
Yeah I got your fins. You got my poker chips?
Uh, excuse me, are you using that ketchup?
Oh how would he know. He blacked out. He fainted.
Yeah, you met her when we were going out.
Oh, Kramer! Thank God. I really appreciate you doing this.
(to George) He's still down with his folks.
Hello (sees Landis) Oh, my goodness. What happened?
Of course she treats skin cancer. That's how I met her, she was doing a skin cancer screening at Peterman. That's what dermatologists do.
This isn't going to work for me ... so if you could show me something else.
No. I'm completely blocked! In fact, I'm gonna work on it tonight. Oh. Oh no! Oh, I can't! I got that marathon runner coming in tonight.
I mean, why? Why would I take her stupid napkins.
Whoa! Walking around naked? Ahh... that is not a good look for a man.
Come on, we'll put it in a garage.
I don't know. Those writers make a lot of money.
So, listen, when this guy calls, if you could just give him my real number..
Well, ,I'm going out with the stationery store guy.
Bye bye (shuts the door) oh.. (opens it back) George wait wait
No no no no no, these are good. Listen, listen You ran out of underwear, you cant leave the house.
I went to England ... with Mr. Pitt, for 5 days.
What do you know. You've never worked in an office. (TURNS TO GEORGE) See, George, you've worked in an office. Jerry thinks I'm over reacting but you understand, ... LUNCH!
You're really working up quite a sweat today, huh?
No, I forgot. And, the best part is, he doesn't play games. You know? There are no games! (Sits down on the couch.)
(still on the floor) Uh... What about those muscle relaxers?
Really!...Well actually yeah I did see this ......'mazing little black dress...it was sleeveless....
Hi! Hey, have you gotten your present yet for the Drake?
(in her mind, cynical) How long do I have to hold this?
I'm gonna go and call that pharmacist. (She exits)
You know what? You are exactly right. That is what I should do, I should promote him. I'll give him another office on another floor and he can sit there with his nice title and his bayonet and stop freakin' me out.
I don't want to talk ab-ow!-t it! (She winces under the pain from her nose on the word 'about')
Three hours of sleep again last night.. Three hours of sleep because of that dog.
Um, I don't know. I've never really seen it.
So what you are saying is that 90 to 95 percent of the population is undateable?
Yeah, and then he stood me up. I don't get this guy.
Yes, I heard, Kramer - I work there, remember??
Well, it's, I really wanted to see Prognosis Negative with Jerry, uh, you wanna see Ponce de Leon?
Look at that guy's dog. I hate it when their ears get flipped inside out like that. Why doesn't he fix it?
About 2 days. Although he's hinting at how he'd like to stay. Fortunately he has no money, and no prospects. (she smiles)
oh yeah, oh.. like you're one to talk
I'm getting out of here. Can I borrow your jacket?
Are you sure you want to do that?
Kramer, listen to me. Listen! This is a once in a lifetime opportunity. Your dreams have been shattered, somebody's got to be held accountable. Come on, we'll take for every penny she's got!
But I didn't know, Tom. I g -- can't you just make an exception? Please. I've got a nice face.
What can you say about a girl like Susie? (she doesn't know..)
Ok, why? Why do guys do this? What is so appealing to men about a cat fight?
(jumps with fear to Jerry) Did you see that wall move?
I don't think George has ever thought he's better than anybody.
So, get this Mister Peterman is finally letting me do some real writing. He's got this book deal, for his autobiography. He's gonna let me ghost write it.
No dead! George, I need that Russian hat back!
Ah! (explaining, with hand gestures) How 'bout this? How about, he's thinking of quitting the exporting, and just focussing in on the importing. And this is causing a problem, because, why not do both?
What is it? (THEY DISCOVER WHAT HE'S STARING AT) The car!
Maybe shes there in spirit. How about that?
Let's just replace "hail of shrapnel" and "scar tissue" with "string of pearls" and "raspberry scones".
All rightee. (turns and walks to the bathroom)
(Regarding herself) What? What? Who? Me-me-me? I made an impression? What impression?
Jerry, get menus so when we sit down we can order right away.
And he's has a bit of a rash.
Why don't you just go ahead and call him?
Anyway, I admit I was dumb to go to the bookstore to tell him I didn't say hi, but he didn't have to act so smug. Oh, I hate smugness. Don't you hate smugness?
You know I can tell you my whole history. Let's just.......
George, those are prescription goggles? What is there to see in a health club pool?
(dismissive) Oh, my. Well, the doorman certainly has a wild imagination, doesn't he?
(pointing to the door, angry) Alright, get out.
Oh, yeah, that's right. Those new kitchen cabinets. How is that coming?
So I made a little list of people who might've made the mannequin. You know, possible suspects.
(Fast) Well, you know when you break up, how you say things you don't mean? Well, he says the mean things you don't mean, but he means them.
So the spit could have only come from the front and to the right.
So how long have you been a Devils' fan?
Oh, *that* goiter. Hey... Heh heh heh... Whaddya know...
(Sarcastic) Oh, that's nice. What are you up to?
It's a salad, only bigger, with lots of stuff in it.
Uh, you should be trying to save me!
Listen, George! Listen! He knew what he was doing, this was a signal.
The Supreme Court gives me the right to do that! Let's go Jerry, c'mon.
What are you doing? That's Witchy Woman. That could be our song.
Tell him we wanna catch a movie and that we're late.
All right, here, you call him right now. See if he's sniffing right now.
Oh, oh, O.K. (Helen holds her sweater tight against herself) You can turn down the air conditioning if you want.
So you know , ... he called me.
(stands up straight) No, but I saw the look on his face when he put his arm around me. And then we went to his apartment, and I sat on one of his chairs and it broke. And he says, "Boy, you're a lot of woman!"
To Ravas house. Ive gotta pick up her manuscript.
What? What, you dont want to go now?
Dry, wet... (trying to get through to him) whats happening with your apartment?
Yeah, you know people ask me that about you, too.
Yeah, Im reading manuscripts for Pendant Publishing. I told you ten times.
(piffling) I once broke up with someone for not offering me pie.
Well, the lock was broken. You just have to jiggle it, actually. But, I just need like a half an hour to an hour.
(laughing to Jerry) Oh god, that guy's terrible.
Well, have you ever considered writing new material?
My boss told me to find someone. I'm in charge of it. All you have to do is meet him. Come on. Come on, come on, here hold my drink.
Hey, so I talked to Lisi and she has got a big surprise for you. She's planning a weekend trip to Pennsylvania Dutch country.
(eyeing Jerry meticulously cleaning up the soda) Yeah, you're probably right. She's probably one of those neurotic clean freaks.
Mrs. Seinfeld, pick a glass! Pick a glass, Mrs. Seinfeld!
(unfolding chair) You know that store, Putumayo? (sits) I was trying to buy these hirachis, right, and the saleswoman just completely ignored me.
No no no, I can. I can. It's mine. It's my racquet.
Yeah, and I got you a cord of wood, so you won't have to burn 'em.
No, no, no. You give me your number.
Hey, you know what, maybe we should all chip in for the gift.
Nothing.. Except that a bird ran into my giant freak-head. (Sits down)
I am not calling you "Jerry the Great".
Well, you know, I, I have watched Peterman run the company.
No no no no no, that'll, it'll drip all over him.
Here, take this. I'm starving. Take it! Take it!
(Raising her finger at him, in an authoritative tone) David..
You sold us a hair with a cake around it. We'd like another one.
(looking at Kramer) Someone left the door open.
That's ridiculous. Why do do you want to go back there if you don't want the coat?
I know I know. I didn't have change for the bus and they don't give change in this city. So they threw me off the bus
Yeah, hello is this Allied Lock Smith?! Oh, finally, listen I need someone to come over here right away!
(sighs) Well, actually, he, um, doesn't really like to do... everything.
Hey Georgie, did you have any idea that anything was wrong?
Oh! That was nothing. So listen, what about this bald thing?
It's the next best thing to being alone.
That's because my standards are too low. And by the way, you know, women kill for eyebrows like that. Do you know that? I mean women pluck their real eyebrows out of their head, one by one, until they're bald, Jerry. Bald above the eyes! And then they paint in these eyebrows to look like that.
So what do you want me to do?
(not the soul of happiness) Yep. Lemme get 'em for you, Mr Peterman.
No, I didn't hear anything. (she spots a familiar face) Oh, my God, look who's here.
Yeah, it's like hitting a car and driving away without leaving a note.
(We hear what she thinks) Look at me....Look at Mee!. Come on. I'm stretching right in front of you. Heeeey!! ...a smile. Aah! we made contact, all right one more stretch and then go talk to him.
(looking VERY guilty) I went out with a (fake cough) a friend.
Will you sit down? You're disturbing everybody. Sit down!
David, this has been the worst month of my life and if I never see you again it'll be too soon.
Wow, well, I guess you don't have any advice for me on how to win the case?
What do you mean, Gail? You don't think I can attract attention? You don't think I can put asses in the seats?
I had to take a sick day. I'm so sick of these people. By the way, I talked to Lisi, and tomorrow night's good for her.
Well it's, it's..... You know I noticed that somebody wrote in my chart that I was difficult in January of 92 and I have to tell you that I remember that appointment exactly. You see this nurse asked me to put a gown on but it was a mole on my shoulder and I specifically wore a tank top so I wouldn't have to put a gown on. You know there made of paper.
Yes! You dont understand. Im living with Ethel Merman without the talent.
(sick smile) We have the same taste in movies.
Ok so ..I am positive you are wrong about Craig.
I don't know, I guess I'll just get invited up to his apartment and see if he's got a label maker.
See, the great thing about robbing a fat guy is it's an easy getaway. You know? They can't really chase ya!
Hot and heavy? You said hot and heavy?
What happened to you right here? (She pointing to her forehead)
Down boy, nice doggy . I'm a nice person. Don't believe what you hear.
Listen, Jerry can you do me a favor? (clears throat) Could you, go into the room with me to visit him because ah, I don't want him to think that I'm, y'know... interested.
Jerry, she gives massages all day. She doesn't wanna to give them on dates.
Well, you seem to be getting a hang of it...
We're just, you know, having a good time.
You know, we had a really bad break-up.
No. A $29,000 piece of cake. Peterman got it at The Duke Of Windsor auction. It was the most romantic thing I've ever eaten.
All right (slaps the magazine down on the counter) this is too much fun, I gotta get back to work. (heads for the door)
HE's not gonna eat them. He's buying 'em for his Pepsi girlfriend.
I'm sorry, Jill. I'm going to have to take this call. Jerry, what's the emergency?
It's B.O. The *valet* must have had B.O.
Jerry, did you hear this? He couldn't eat for weeks...
Jerry, that is such small potatoes. I think that I may have single-handedly put the kibosh on the big water merger.
He was a fat, starving artist, y'know. That's very rare.
No. And you should see him, man, he gets all hyper, he doesn't even know why, he loves it! He walks around, going, "God, I feel great!"
Oh, I forgot to call Jill. Jill. Hi, it's Elaine. How is your father? Is everything okay? What? I can't hear you so good. There's a lot of static. Wha? I'm going to call you back.
Well, I was just um, telling you about this, other guy.
She's the one you went out with last night?
Didja see that? Those people, look, they're getting a table.
All right, let's go, I give you half an hour.
... (looking at Jerry for a second then, mockingly nods her head back and forth) ....Ha ha ha ha.
So you guys are tryin' to work it out! That's great!...
You know, funerals always make me think about my own mortality and how Im actually gonna die someday. Me, dead. Imagine that.
Wel-Well, I just dont appreciate these little courtesy responses, like Im selling you aluminum siding.
You can't tell that story now. It belongs to Peterman.
(Rubbing her head to relieve the pain) Really?
Oh really? (skeptical) The doorman. And, pray tell, what did the doorman say?
Yeah.. yeah. I know. Um.. how about if, instead of.. diving from the train, you.. uh, you, I don't know, you slip and, and fall in some mud, and.. ruin your pants?
Hey, so Kramer's running for president of the condo?
Oh, thanks. (thinking) That's no signal, who wouldn't like me in this leotard? I look amazing in this leotard.
Shes on the lease! George you have got to find another place for me.
Oh, come on. Cousin Jeffrey? It's not possible!
Hey, of the two of us, I'm the only one who's touched 'em.
Yeah, yeah like him, definitely like him. I like him a lot.
Okay, Mr Seinfeld, this is not the t...
So anyway his boss has a box at the Met and he invited us to see Swan Lake, which is fine, but he's afraid that his boss can't handle his orientation, so I'm going along as his date.
Help us up so we can cross the street?
Well, thanks for a nice evening. It was really fun.
All right. Well, we'll talk about it tomorrow at the office. (Mr. Costanza enters)
Because, I was thinking... are you at all concerned that living in the same building will, yknow... cramp our styles?
That's great Kramer... So-So, anyway, tell us what's involved in being a Godparent.
You get all his friends in a room, They confront himm to try to get him into rehab. It's a very popular thing now.
Alright, I think I got enough for one day.
Hey, you guys, listen to this. Listen to this. (reading from the newspaper) Apparently some blood spilled into Mr. Giuliani's test tube causing his cholesterol count to be 150 points higher than was initially reported. Ironically, the mishap by bringing the non-fat yogurt scandal to the attention of the public, probably clinched the election for the Republican. It was the one issue which seemed to electrify the voters and swept Giuliani into office.
I did a number on him, it was a thing of beauty, you really had to have been there to appreciate it.
Okay. (to Kramer) Hello. (to Jerry) Listen, thanks again for coming last night. Dad said he had a great time.
Gimme the jacket, furface, this is not Seinfeld you're dealing with! When I get through with you, you'll be begging to go to the pound!
And that would be good. (Points to bedroom)
Listen David, Ive got to run. Can you lend me fifty bucks?
Well, listen, Jerry mentioned it, and, I don't know--
That's good work, guys. That aught to do it for today.
She does a full hour about how you're the devil .I got to go see this thing.
You heard me young lady, get in the car. (To George) And you, you should know better. I don't want you infecting my staff.
You know, one of these days, something terrible is gonna happen to you. It has to!
I wish I was taller, that's, that's, that's nice. that's real.
I'll tell ya why. Because of her pinky toe, that's why. Because Lippman felt so sorry for her, he didn't want to hurt her feelings.
He finds his laugh "intoxicating." (Laughs like Woody Woodpecker, and exits.)
(kiss, kiss) You know, because I love the foot. Im a big fan of the foot.
Oh, it's a cake party. It's the third one today. I didn't realize how hooked I got on that 400 sugar rush.
Anyway, Beth and her new husband Arnie have listed me a reference for an adoption agency. They're trying to get a baby. (Kramer and Mickey enter wearing the same shirt)
3 squares!! that's all I was asking for! 3 squares!
Come on, come on kitty...(slice disappears) ooh...how about that; it worked! Wow, can I borrow that thing for a while?
But I didn't do it. Testikov did it, he should pay for it!
I'm tellin' ya' somethin' is goin' on. He never likes anything I recommend. And then that lunch thing.
I was at Bloomingdales... waiting for the shower to heat up.
(Laughing) That's funny. Hey, listen, what are you doin' Saturday night?
I cant believe I lost the deposit on that U-Haul. And I threw out my couch.
Oh, Stuart's a lot better! (talking like a baby) Little Stuart Rifkin likes to go shopping with his mother.
Then, after a period of being "there for you", we slowly remove the two words "for you", and we're just (Makes a "ta-da!" gesture) "there".
You know what he does in there? He gargles.
No, no. I was looking at my chart and it said I was difficult. Why would they write that?
(surprised) Vincent. (pleading) Where are you? I have to meet you.
Aahh! this has got to be a mistake.
(Remembers Jerry's talking about her) Oh, the great conversation girl. (Somewhat bitter toward Jerry) The one you think can replace me?
Alright, lets give it a shot, lets go.
(very uninterested) Uh, you have to work like that?
Well, uh, I'd watch the third base coach if I were you 'cause I don't think he's waving you in. You know I hate to say this but I think we're really hitting it off. Get it? Get it?
Anyway, he's in the hospital, he's having surgery and I feel like should go visit him.
Oh. (puts the VCR down) I thought a movie might cheer him up. I got him a Gene pick.
Well, I guess I just didn't realize it...
I'm going to take a little stroll through the park.
It was weird because George and I get along so great in so many situations but this is the first time we ever really went one-on-one.
(Trying to come up with an excuse not to sit with them) Actually, I gotta get to the.. uh.. thing.
So tell me more about this game SIX.
If I was saying something I would have said it.
Yeah, yeah, I'm alright. Oh, by the way, the car hit a pothole and now it's making a clanking noise.
Here just get off at this exit. We'll figure somethin' out.
Nah, hey, shut this off, shut it off.
right yeah.. no I mean did they get into stuff like a.. long jagged scars or.. gross deformities, major skin grafts, stuff like that
I've got it all mapped out - I'm taking the tunnel.
What? (she slams the door shut before Kramer can exit) You told Jake I said hi?
(entering and sitting down) I should never have made that phone call.
Hey, I got it. Hey. Didn't you already get soup?
Everything's gotta be just so with you, doesn't it?
(shouting) I don't like this thing. And here's what I'm doing with it.
Y'know you try to do some good. You want to be a good person but this is too much to ask.
No, no, no, no. It's not a new number. It's--it's--it's just a changed number. See? It's not different. It's the same, just...changed.
Yeah, ha ha ha. What have you been up to?
I'm really sorry George, I, I, I wasn't jealous of you. It was just the whole marriage thing.
Hawaii? That's why you're helping Newman with the mail?
Yes! And I am convinced that if she were here with us today, she would agree with me, too.
We should bring some cake. Will you stop off at the bakery?
Oh, this innocent looking shirt has something which isn't innocent at all. Touchability! Heavy, silky Italian cotton, with a fine almost terrycloth like feeling. Five button placket, relaxed fit, innocence and mayhem at once.
Nothin'. I was just givin' her the straight dope.
Oh come on. Have some compassion. Okay well I hope it's contagious
(irritated, but still polite) Well, is there somebody around here I could talk to who would know?
I have always had a big crush on Tim Whatley. Why can't he ask me out? (Punctuates this by shoving Jerry.)
My fish are dying right in front of me! We have to get someone to drive us around the parking lot to help us look for the car.
"No No... That's not him. That's the guy who gave me... Jimmy's number."
Why are you so interested -- you want to take her out?
It's.. .. you! It's really you! Oh, I'm such a huge fan of yours. Would you mind signing this poster for me?
(heading to door) How do you know about it? You're not in the delivery zone.
Hey, hey, wait a minute! Let me ask you something. Kramer, the last time you hit your head, was Mary Hart on TV?
Yeah, I guess as an airline pilot, you're one of the few people who can say that and mean it. (Laughs again. Greg looks at her, unamused.) Um, do you have the time?
Well, just tell him you want the SAAB.
An addict? (Sacrcastic) Well, it just keeps getting better!
Wow! That was great! That show was so funny. It was really funny. I'm not just saying that cause I know you. Honestly.
No, no no I didn't know. I, I'm sorry.
Do you think I should call him and apologize?
So Kramer what am I supposed to do? If I don't have that fur hat by four o'clock they're gonna take me down like Nixon.
So what if I do? (heads for the door)
(to the waitress) Hi. Excuse me. Who does all the hiring waitresses here?
In fact she said that looks aren't even that important to her...
If I call Jill from prison, do you think that would make up for the other ones?
This is nice. What kind of car is this?
All right! You know what, just forget it!
So then you'll walk down the hill and we'll pick you up.
You get yours out, I was here first!
But I thought .. Nicole Miller was made.......
Ok, So Barneys is having this huge sale. I try this dress on -- (holds the garment bag out towards Jerry) -- Stunning. Stunning. I couldn't take my eyes off myself.
Yknow, my brother-in-law once left a message on this guys machine, and he blurted out some business information he wasnt supposed to, and it would have cost him fifteen thousand dollars, so he waited outside the guys house and when the guy came home he went upstairs with him and he switched the tape.
Oh, Rita come here. This is Jerry. Hes the one who got me the apartment.
Look it, look it, Ryan. These people are gettin' a baby. Period. Now we can do this the easy way, or we can do this the fun way.
All right, look, look, look. Lets say he stole it.
What? Who's was it? Where'd you get it?
[OC] Not only didn't you love her, you didn't even like her.
You know, that's around the same time I broke up with Lloyd. Y... you don't think that I had anything to do with his breakdown, do you?
So you see, Kramer took it upon himself to say hi to you from me. When in fact it was an unauthorised hi.
(romantic) We're not gonna talk about Karl Farbman all night, are we?
Alright, I have had it with those Mayans.
Well, well, well, I'm not treating you to lunch ANYMORE! You had to tell Julie that I made a special point of telling you that I bought you the big salad. Didn't ya'.
Yeah? Well, you can kiss that jacket goodbye, Mr. Von Nozzin.
Couldn't he just take the D straight to Coney Island?
"How I'm buying my shoes now at Botticelli's!" Did you hear this? (Shoves Jerry and Kramer.)
Well, for me its a step up. Its like moving from Iceland to Finland.
What are you talking about? That marriage ended six months ago. She's already remarried.
Well, I have lost complete control of my staff. Why did I let George go to that party? I mean, we were having so much fun. We were wining, we were dining, we were dancing. (She starts dancing, Kramer flips out) What?
Wait, wait. I didn't get to tell you about my new job.
I can't kick you out of your bed.
Why am I in such a fruit mood? Ahh, banana!
Maybe we should get married. Maybe everything we need is right here in front of us. Jer... let's do it.
All right, I think I know where this is going, and I am going somewhere else.
Well. You are not gonna believe this. Now Lippman is renounced. This shiksa thing is *totally* out of control. What is *with* you people? What are you looking at?
Yeah. Mr. Lippman. It was *his mistress* who insisted that he call it
We waited fifteen minutes for this. Tst - YOU SELL ME A CAKE WITH A HAIR ON IT. Then you want me to wait? . . . What are you doing (to Jerry taking a number) youre gonna wait now?
Do it like this. "These pretzels are making me thirsty."
And from disorder, you're a quirk or two away from full-on dementia.
Why couldn't you take better care of that car?!
So he refused to tell you where he got the glasses?
Whats that? (points at some foil on the table)
Here, let me see it. (She takes a pad to try the pen) Hey, it writes upside down.
(pause, annoyed) Oh, how disappointed you must have been. (walks to couch, with her cereal)
Ooh! This isn't moving! I could walk faster than this.
Why? We're all very nice, we're very friendly.
(leaving the room after rubbing Peggy's keyboard on her butt, sticking the stapler in her armpit, and coughing on her doorknob) Oh. All right. You think I've got germs? I'll give you some germs. How about some for your keyboard, huh? Huh? Oooh, how about for your stapler. Hmmm? That's good, isn't it? You have a happy and a healthy.
George, I met this woman. She is not traveling to any other dimensions.
The sweater! The sweater made him sniff! See, I told you he wasn't a drug addict.
Yeah. He said, um, he said it's really important that we call them O'Brien and Murphy.
Well, wait a minute, we're gonna tell each other everything, I mean every secret?
Yes...ummm, (leans into the microphone, pulling it closer it squeaks) yes, that's correct.
Get a hold of yourself, Bob! (throwing Bob back between the seats) Get a hold of yourself!
So, yeah, that's funny. Hey, you wanna hear something weird? Mr. Pitt eats his Snickers bars with a knife and fork.
"Well"? We've been dating for three months. Between you and me, and.. anyone else you want to tell.
I was begging her "please! please!" she was insane
(stops, pause) Well, I. (a little ashamed) I guess I been at Reggie's..
It was just gonna be a weekend, but then somehow it became a week.
Why don't you just blow it out your a...
Um, excuse me. I live in the building. Did something happen to Mrs. Krantz?
Boy, I'm in the mood for a cheeseburger.
What is it? (Grabs the card from George, he tries to stop her, but fails. She reads it out loud.) "Dear son, Happy Festivus." What is Festivus?
Listen, listen I'm gonna go call work to see if I can get my deadline extended. I can't...come up with anything for this thing.
[in a panic] Me!? But that's three seats! I can't save three seats! I told you about that guy who tore up my winter coat!
He once spent a weekend with a woman.
Oh, you've never missed a button?! (Phone rings, she puts it on speakerphone) Yeah?..
Look it, are we going to have sex, or not?
This guy? He's an idiot. he doesn't mean anything to me.
I got a card, and they stamp it every time I buy a sub. 24 stamps, and I become a submarine (makes a gesture) captain.
Why did you introduce me to your parents?
A thousand. Okay, a thousand once, a thousand twice, a thousand three times, sold to the lucky lady in the third row. Congratulations, thank you so much.
Well, he could be a superhero! You should've seen him run.
No money, I am Puddy free. So, are we eating or what?
(as she comes in) "What about the Velvet Fog?"
Does the word "charm" mean anything to you?
(saving Jerry from Leo) Jerry, Jerry. Did you taste these peas? (to Manya) These peas are great!
How long do you think this will take. I have a millllioooon things to do.
Nothing...(heal comes loose and Elaine opens the door.) Here, ok I'm on the phone alright? I'm on the phone with someone...
Ah, I'm going to kill myself on that thiing. You can't even see it.
How can I end it over money? I feel bad.
Oh, come on. You really, really deserve it.
Okay, okay. Yeah I'll have Kramer give you a call.
You want the money for the big salad, George?
I guess. She must've rolled over on a tick during the love-in.
(pointing backwards) Oh George, there's a space right there!
Like you this donation for 50 bucks and I'd start tearing my clothes off?
You know, sort of swing them, so your not lurching around like a caveman.
I hate this place. I don't know why we came here, I'm never coming back here again.
You know, it's strange, because he's such an honest mechanic.
Hey George, can you feel this? Can you ...
Did you ever notice how happy people are when they finally get a table? They think they're so special because they've been chosen. It's enough to make you sick.
Why is your father giving a tour of a rest stop?
Well, it is Sunday night, and you know how I like to unwind.
No, no. But it is quite a coincidence.
(as Darryl comes into Monk's) Yeah. It's OK. My boyfriend's black. Here he is. See?
And Im going to have an English muffin with margarine on the side and a cup of coffee.
(spotting a chance to keep her job) Oh. Oh yeah. The only thing worse was his slice. (she laughs nervously)
How can you be hungry after what you ate at that Mets game?
Then the doctor writes more stuff down and doesn't even look at my rash.
You're through, Soup Nazi. Pack it up. No more soup for you. Next!
I just don't understand it as soon as I met these dogs they started growling at me.
I think your um ... (points at the phone)
Well, I hear three distinct sounds. A low rumple...followed by a metallic 'squink'...
Well, you two'll have a great time there.
(smiling, convincing) You're a, huuge part of the problem. But, I think that at it's core, this is a Susie-and-Elaine problem that requires, a Susie-and-Elaine solution! And, who better to do that than.. Elaine and Susie! Susie and Elaine!
Uh, could I have a medium Diet Coke?
Hmm. Well Mr. Ipswitch since everyone of my expenses was obviously for a legitimate business purpose.
Well I don't want to go if Jerry's not going.
So Adam, I just talked to your father, and, apology accepted.
Jerry, it's three-thirty in the morning. I'm at a cockfight. What am I clinging to?
Alright, well, then they stay. Lemma ask you something...
The worst flight I have been on in my entire life.
Sam, listen I'm so sorry about the other day.
Who else have you mentioned my shoes to, huh? I wanna know why my footwear is your conversation!
How did I ever let you talk me into this, I must have been out of my mind.
Peggy, we've got to talk. What is it about me that you find so offensive?
Benes. My last name is Benes you jackass. Yeah.
I put Canadian quarters in the washing machine. (disappointed) I gotta be out by the end of the month.
Jerry, her brother just had a book of political cartoons published.
Look it, gentlemen. The fact remains you still have no proof. This is all speculation and hearsay.
His chiropractic job was a crock. It's even worse than it was before.
I've never even seen him in a car. I mean, look at his movies. No cars. Deliverance - canoe. Midnight Cowboy - boots. Runaway Train...runaway train. (Kramer enters.)
Listen, lemme ask you something. When you're with a guy, and he tells you he has to get up early, what does that mean?
[laughing] How much did you pay for this thing?
(gasp) Hey Jerry, you're in the Alumni magazine! Listen to this Jerry Seinfeld has appeared on "David Letterman" and the "Tonight Show" and he did a pilot for NBC called "Jerry" ...that was not picked up. Georgie, how come theres not anything about you in here?
I couldnt believe it when I saw you running. (laughing) I thought maybe they had changed the rules or something.
Well... I got confused, they sound exactly the same.
Oh yeah, all the time, all the time...although, recently I've been thinking about this friend of mine.
It's hideous. The hair, the... the lumpiness. It's simian.
Oh, don't worry. We'll get you home to your husband real soon.
(pointing at 3-D picture) Look, there's a spaceship! That is so cool!
Oh. it's always simulated....except with George that's in my contract.
Well, actually, he's - he's not that way at all.
I mean they're your parents and you don't do anything. So why is this stranger doing it?
Do you ever spit on anybody from here?
All right all right forget it. You don't have to mention any of this to Miss. Landis do you?
Oh, yeah. Yeah. I love nudist colonies. They help me..unwind. Aah!
He's not a jerk, Jer. He only works with Karl Farbman.
(gets up) You know what? you people should be ashamed of yourself, you know ya doodle a couple of bears at a cocktail party talking about the stock market. You think you're doing comedy.
Oh! (pushing Jerry) Do you know what this means, it's like working with Tolstoy!
It was okay, but move the 'medication for the well' to the front, and hit the word 'good' harder.
If I have this much influence over her, why don't I just call her an' tell her to get back together with him--that's aalll!
David I know this hurts, but its the way it has to be (Puddy is giving her a look like hes going to still get some).
(dry) I put her stats on the back.
Hi, what are you doing on this neighborhood?
I couldn't raise a kid? Come on, I love bossing people around.
Jerry , I need that Fedex right now..
You guys are not gonna believe this. I just got a letter from a friend of mine in Chicago who was shopping, and she said she saw a mannequin that looked just like me. What if there're more. Where are they coming from?
And now, theres this intense animosity whenever we pass. I mean, its like we really hate each other. Its based on nothing.
You know what? We sell this thing at Peterman that would be perfect for you.
You know, Greg, I wouldn't do that if I were you.
No, wait! You're soaking me, you're soaking me!
(Starts to fake cry) Yes. Oh, man! Oh!
Well, everybody would know everybody. It would be like a small town.
(to JERRY) Remember I was telling you about Gillian, my friend who writes for the L.L. Bean catalogue? I really think you should give her a call.
We went out for coffee last night and he offered me a ticket.
It is me, you idiot. Hi, all right you've got to get out of here, I'm gonna baby-sit the hell out of that kid.
What? What do you mean, Gail? (Kramer enters.)
If I hear about this pig-man one more time...
I need someone to go with me to Mr. Lippman's son's Bar Mitzvah.
anyone else, never. But, Leslie - I have a problem saying no to. For some reason, I seem to want her approval.
(to herself) C'mon, George, pick up. Oh, pick up. Oh, pick up.
Mono? Huh, well, if anyone needs any medical advise, Elaine met a doctor. And he's unattached.
So I told Ipswitch I'd have the hat by this afternoon. What am I gonna do?
Now listen Roy, tell me something. When, are you gettin' out of here?
O.K. And if somebody objects, you can just veto it.
Marla and I went out for coffee and afterwards I was crossing the street and he was biking right towards me. So I got out of the way just in time, but then he ran into a parked car. He hit his head and everything went flying.
Oh, Kramer. Okay uh, why don't we start the bidding. Do I hear, um, five bucks?
No, see that's not a reason you can't. You just don't want to.
Oh, hey, listen, by the way, have you seen a tall... lanky... doofus, with a, with a bird-face and hair like the Bride of Frankenstein?
(worried) Brett! What is it? Is there someone outside?
Well, yeah, you know how frustrating that can be when you keep putting quarters and quarters in to machine and then (prrt) nothing comes out...
(to one of the tenants) Hey, what's up? What's going on here?
All right! You're foolin' around with your maid. That is a wise decision.
Ill go if I dont have to talk.
Do you!!!.. because that's not a normal complaint.
(Stifling her laughter) I know. I'm sorry. I'm serious.
I didn't order any of this. I'm not paying for this.
[mind] What's he waiting for? I thought he was a cool guy.
(anger) You better give me back that bike! (indicating neck) Look at this! Look! Ow. I couldn't even crawl out of bed this morning.
So, is there anything you can tell me about yourself?
Of course it was a problem for me. . . . You didn't, you didn't tell anyone else about this, did you?
(Realizing) What? Yeah.. you're right!.. All I have to do is call him up, and sit with him, and show him that it doesn't bother me. You know, laugh it off.. or jam a fork into his forehead.
Of course you do, it's an engagement party.
No, I got to stay here and wait for the call.
Hey, Kramer, what was it you were having faxed to my house every 30 seconds?
Well, anyway, get this I spoke to Alan. You know, I told him I didn't want to see him anymore.. He called me "big head".
I know what it means, but what does being a shiksa have to do with it?
Hey, Jerry. I'd like you to meet someone. This is Jack. (Heraldic harp sounds as Jerry looks at Jack's face)
(Putting on her coat) Oh, you're getting together with some of your jackass friends, and you want me to take notes?
Yeah, yeah I've seen goldfish. They're not unhappy.
Hi, It's Elaine is this a bad time?
Yeah, let me tell you something this is all in her mind, OK? She is insane. She thinks I made her sick because I coughed on her doorknob, rubbed her stapler in my armpit, and put her keyboard on my butt. Yeah, she's a wacko.
Se, now that?s terrible, that is not a nice thing to do at all, I don?t know how this Paliachi thing turns out but you know I would assume that there is big big trouble for that clown
So, your firm designed all the furniture in here?
Oh, ok! (Picking up the Ori-dent box, she knocks over a bottle of wine. It spills all over the poster)
Hey, you can't even turn around in that thing.
Kramer, Hi, I thought you went to California.
Well, it's no big deal, you know, it's just that he can sound like a woman, you know?
(sarcastically) Oh! yeah I'll make sure he gets the message. (looks at the sleeping Craig and thinks) They make wigs out of human hair? (still thinking, Ethan's voice) And pay plenty for them.
(Speaking confidentially to George) George, don't even think about it! Don't even dream about it!
I gotta make some changes. I'm not a woman. I'm a child. What kind of life is this?
(recalling the arranged lie) Yeah, yeah, I did have to talk with him. I definitely had to talk with him. Having a problem with my boyfriend.
Believe me, we're not entertained. We were just leaving. (to Jerry) Oh, can you grab those empty bottles for me.
Her assistant caught me. And now I'm probably not going to get a job. He's going to tell Landis that I was sneakin around her office.
She was hitting on you? My friend Noreen?
Well, could you tell her Elaine called? Yeah, thanks.
Oh, hi. I'm Elaine. (Gets up to shake Sidra's hand, but stumbles and falls "right into them.")
I am totally loving it. Uh, you know  we should um  get going.
(Elaine turns to look at the man, trying to make it sound like they aren't talking about him) The thing about that painting.. is with the colors and um.. (Turns back to Jerry) Oh yeah, plugola.
Oh, well, Im staying out of this one. This is between them. I am not getting involved.
Okay, what about a cold compress? They always do that.
What am I gonna do? He is a disaster.
Because of all the pistons and the lube jobs?
No. No, no, no, not a loud talker, a high talker.
Three days and he hasn't called me, and you know why? Because he thinks I'm too fat.
This place is like Studio 54 with a menorah.
Ooo, That's us. (hits Jerry in the arm)
Did I have a great time with David Lickner last night? I sure did. (Jerry comes over to the couch with a beverage and sits down) Do I think there is a future here? I don't see why not.
Uh Roy, this is uh Kramer -- he's one of our friends.
(getting up to go) Uh.. Listen, you're picking me up from my (place tomorrow)--
Hey Ed, let me ask you something. What's with the fatigues and all the psychotic imagery? Huh?
(Sarcastic) No thanks. I got plenty of girlfriends.
(sarcastic) Don't worry, Jerry, I can manage these bags; really I'm fine.
Well, I mean if one of your close friends had a baby and I left you a message about it, I would use an exclamation point.
Well, how do you think I feel? Instead of editing the first novel of a major young writing talent, I am proofreading a food allergy cookbook.
I'm sorry Russell. I'm sorry O.K.? Bye-bye. (Russell, still sitting watches her leaving).
God, it is so great to drive again. I miss it so much! (Suddenly swerves to the right, then yells out of her window) How about a left turn signal, ya moron?!
(testy, leans into Peggy's personal space) Look-it. It's not Suze. All right? It's Su-zie. My name, is Su-zie!
Oh? So, I took your suggestion and I gave my boss Marion's poems. The ones that affected Kramer so much.
You got some nerve trying to take advantage of us...
Because he does it quiet. He does it quiet. Lookit, Just like this, watch.
Oh, this is insanity. Im not this hippie. (meaning her hips are not that large)
No, Im just getting over an allergy attack. This guy Im going out with...
The uh, the letter of, authenticity's in the side pocket there.
(shout) What?! This is your solution?! To ruin the bike?!
Oh, come on, wait a second, this whole thing is ridiculous. How do I even know she wears the same size?
(handing over her money) Okay, one for Sack Lunch. (taking the ticket) It's good, right? (smiling) Yeah, good.
My God this is fantastic! Tell me, were you guys just blown away or what?
Are you kidding? That's very significant! If he was interested in me, he'd want my germs! He'd just crave my germs!
I heard a little ping in the car last time. What was that ping?
I mean, this move is no good, Jerry. It's just taking up a lot of my time. And I...will not stand by and allow him to perform this move on me, when a perfectly good move is just sitting in the barn doing nothing!
(feels the fabric) It must be the fabric. It's rubbing between you thighs when you walk. That's what's making that swooshy sound.
All right. I am sorry it's not a date.
"You know that just admitting a man is handsome doesn't necessarily make you a homosexual."
No, no! We'll find a space. There's spaces in the other lot.
Oh, Mm mm.. (Scoots up close to George) I'm not gonna tell you, any - more - things. (points at George)
Well we're hoping that if perhaps that the catalog is a little funnier,people won't be so quick to return the clothes ha ha....For example.. I..I really do....Well I love this one
Well, right now I'm reading manuscripts for Pendant Publishing.
Well, he said hed drive me here right after. So, I am sitting in his car twenty minutes! He doesnt come down. I am freezing. Then a cop comes by, tells me to get out of the car. Hes a city marshal. Hes towing the car away. Kramer owes thousands of dollars in back tickets. He was going to tow it with me in the car! So, they tow the car. Now, I am standing outside, and I am freezing, but I cannot leave because I have to tell him what happened to the car. So, finally, he finally comes down with his giant cage filled with doves. He said he was getting special instructions, that each dove has a different diet... So, were wandering around trying to get a cab, when two of these doves fly out! Now were running down the street after these doves; I almost got hit by a bus! (Elaine sits in Altons chair and takes a deep breath.) So hows everything going over here?
Hey Walter, what is the deal with that guy?
....And he said I could submit some of my own cartoons.
Well, he gave me the morning off, I was doing a little... shopping. How did this happen?
Yes! I think I am better than the mollusk!
I am not buying a computer from you.
Because I'm a *woman*. (swiveling her hips) Ba-ba-ba-boom-chicka-boom-chicka-boom-boom- boom.
I'm in the stall and there's no toilet paper
It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. Um. Oh, here's one race.
No, Jerry, you have to. I need a buffer. You know, I havent seen my father in a while and... you know...
You mean this whole time we could have been discussing Sydney and Michael and Jane...
Hey! I got bit by a dog! I had to go to the hospital! I was bleeding to death! I can't solve every little problem you have!
It's not like I went across the street. I bought the Jujyfruit and I got in a cab.
Maybe some mental defective put something stupid on her leg.
Jerry asked me to meet his girlfriend here. Did you here about his plane in Ithaca?
Oh. We were going to see that but it was sold out. So were going to see"Blame it on the Rain"
She has this in addition to Epstein-Barr. It's like Epstein-Barr with a twist of Lyme disease.
(Turning around to Kramer) Wha- What? No. (Back to Jerry) Jerry, you are promoting a benefit to CLOTHE homeless people. You can't come out dressed like that! You're all puffed up!.. You look like the Count of Monte Cristo!
(faked laughter) Oh, ho ha ha. No, no, I'm actually here to bid, Sue Ellen. I mean that is if anything is to my liking.
What do you mean you don't have the hat?
Hey, I'm not running in the marathon! He is!
Look, I'm sorry, Puddy. It-it was a mistake. So, let's just put it behind us, and we can continue like this never happened.
(leaning over to George) Ooh, (fake laugh) well crafted. (exits)
(While looking over the contract Jerry just drew up) Yeah, well, thats not bad.
Listen, there is something really suspicious about this guy. Every time Mr Peterman tries to assign him any work, he says he can't hear, and it all gets dumped on me.
It's been a rough couple of weeks, ya know I really needed to get away.
I gotta go to the Dixieland Deli to pick up Mr. Pitt's security pass for the parade.
Yeah. God, I can't tell you how I feel! I mean, I feel *so* *good*! I *really* feel good. The strange thing is, I mean, I haven't even met the woman yet.
What's going on here? How do you think this happened?
She must've got a blueprint of the building or something.
That was me. I'm sorry. I don't like the stumps.
Well, I don't know. I may never marry. It might be the closest I get.
(after pouring the shot in the sink while Jerry was distracted and pretending to have downed it) Okay. Now listen. We were at the toll booth at the Henry Hudson Parkway, okay?! And there were these, like, this pack of extremely wild teenagers in a convertible behind us, okay?! And for some reason, I don't know, they just started to taunt us! And so then we payed the toll, and then we went through, and then they started to follow us, alright?! So George tries to lose them, and, and, but they were in this really like a souped up car, you know?! And so he turned off the road really suddenly and the car was on two wheels and I was just screaming! And then, George is such a great driver.
Uh. Why? Oh, right. Um, well, he tried to poison his boss.
Maybe you should call the airline, they might know where he is.
(Reading an invitation) India? Tst, Yeah, right. (Sarcastic) I'm goin' to India..
Well, you see, David, you're a face painter.
Muchos gracias. (Turns back to Jerry and Kramer.) O.K., I got the whole scoop. Marcelino flew the bird in from Ecuador. He's 68 and 0!
I can't believe this? What happened to him? Where the hell is he?
You know what your problem is? Your standards are too high.
You know I often wonder what you'll be like when you're senile.
Hi, George. How ya feeling? Is anybody getting your apartment?
(Frank) Okay, you tryin' to hurt me? Are you tryin' to hurt - you're tryin' to injure me, right? You're trying to hurt me.
So anyway, I stood up to shake her hand, then suddenly I lost my balance and I fell right into her.
No you don't. You own Putumayo. Unless you own both stores. (laughs nervously)
(confused) Uh, uhm, I'm, I'm here to see Vincent.
I still have my tonsils. Everyone in my family has their tonsils. In fact, we were forbidden to socialize with anyone who didn't have their tonsils.
Oh! Ping! Hi! Listen, thank you so much for dropping that lawsuit against me.
There are plenty of things you can do, there's chess and uh uh mah jong,
Well, it's a long story, okay? But my stupid friend Jerry told my other friend Noreen that she was-- (noticing Mr. Pitt eating the candy bar with knife and fork and becoming distracted) You know, hitting on him and so I called her to see what was, uh, going on and I accidentally got her boyfriend, who is this, you know--
Six. But then the night doorman comes on. He's much scarier. (scary noise) Whugh! (laughs) Ha-ha.
Okay, Jack. (to the cashier) Can I use your phone?
All right. Just give me a cup of decaf.
... Anyway I know you told him you didn't have the hat because you didn't want to see him again. And, more sympathetic I could not be. But, I really do need to have the hat back.
Um, I got up. Um, I went to work. Then I came here.
I know. You know, whenever I'm on a date I feel people can tell.
You can't ask a person to change their name.
Well, I mean it's only a six month probation, it's a slap on the wrist.
You have no idea who Im talking about, do you?
Bouchard's, on 53rd. (George starts choking on his wine, and attempts to tell Elaine something.)
What, no, it doesn't matter. Jerry, I don't care.
Oh, were neighbors. Ill be here all the time!
(laughing with joy) Your movin? That means Im movin. (She hugs Jerry.) Geeeeee (to George) isnt that incredible!
No, because I slept with my back to him.
Hi. I'm your neighbour, uh, fr... from across the street. And uh, (coughs nervously) I was wondering, if it wouldn't be too much trouble, if I could use your apartment to order some food?
But a few more dates and you can find out for yourself!
I really admire actors, you know. It's just such an incredible skill.
Look at my fish... (JERRY EXAMINES IT) Is he...
Hummm.... so you've no idea when.. they'll arrive.
No matter what I do, I cannot weasel out of raising this kid.
What about one drink? Would you smell it from one drink?
They were, but they're being absorbed by Matsushimi, that big Japanese conglomerate.
Oh god, Mmmm, Mmm, Mmm, Mmmmm, Mmm, Ah, Woo
Well believe me this didn't happen overnight. Robert's not exactly a *one* *woman* *man*, if you know what I mean. No sirree Bob. Sure, I mean in a lot of ways, he's a typical guy, he likes his sports, but he counters that side with the side you see here tonight at the ballet, or the pleasure he gets in watching Ms. Liza Minelli belt out a few choice numbers. It's those two halves of his personality that just come together to make him the very special guy that he is.
Yeah, well, he was pretty devastated. This is his first race in 3 years.
Really , like a... like a....(leans over to George and whispers) Jerry, I want to slide my tongue around you like a snake.....Ooooooooooha ,oooooohaaaa.....
Actually it was great. I met an Englishman, and we really, hit it off.
Oh - I got it - how about Russia?
Listen, there were too many distractions there. Babu...what ever he's name was and Kramer...I couldn't concentrate.
(to George who is winking) What is your problem?
All shell think is that you like her.
You know, you have the slowest elevator in the entire city? That's hard to get used to when you're in so many other fast ones.
Oh! really (laughs) well you know..... I have others
ha ha well I know something about getting to first base. And I know you'll never be there.
Oh! I've got it! It's "Next Stop Pottersville"! (Grabs the phone to call it in.)
You can get a hot dog in the theater.
Well, we gave him a few bucks, and... now he goes in the alley across the street.
You know, the photo I took in Tuscany of the little man in front of the sign that said "Costanza"?
Well, I admire you for joining the fight against AIDS.
You can't let him get away with that!
I thought you hated air conditioning. You've never had an air conditioner.
It's Latin. I read it in some book. I don't know, I just wanted to say it out loud.
I dont know. We got into this whole thing about how podiatrists arent real doctors.
No! You couldnt wait to get back to your little... conversation.
See, this is good. This is the way it should be. You know why are we fooling ourselves. We belong together.
Hi, Kramer. Guess what - I just saw Bryant Gumbel, he said he might help out at the benefit!
You know I'm a little hungry. You wouldn't happen to have any of that mango left?
Okay, okay. Rule Number Two. Spending the night is optional!
What, does that conflict with your regular schedule?
Hum, he's such a great guy. You should meet him. You know he's the one who got that hit
Hey, listen while we're here why don't we do a little shirt shopping?
Why? What happens if you don't order right?
Sorry? You almost took my toe off. Why don't you watch what you're doing you, LUNATIC! (the man turns and walks away)
No, but don't you think there should be two beds? There's two of us.
You didn't even have to take it out to dinner.
Oh yeah, that's right. Go ahead, go ahead, maybe you can run over a squirrel!
And he happens to be pretty good lookin.
George, are you going to let me talk to Susan, or Not?
(to Jerry) Hey. What did the detective say?
(excited about Lloyd) Aaah. Boy, he is really cute!
Well, I did at first, but actually I kind of got used to it.
(to Jerry) All right. We'll see you at the race, ok?
"I want you to have this job, of course the Board of Directors is under indictment and will be serving time."
Do you think you could transport some stumps for me? I'll make it worth your while.
I don't like to talk during a massage.
Tsk. Well, I can guess within the hour, and I don't even have to look at the sun.
I'm really, really sorry I told you that.
Hey, what happened to the guy I had last time?
Come on. Move. (elevator doors reopen; Dr. Burke and two orderlies are revealed) Oh hi Dr. Burke. I didn't know if uh....
Kramer, Kramer, can you do this at home? I've got, I've got work to do, okay?
Jerry, you have got to come see him. He is so terrific.
Yes, yes! (Jerry shaking his head, like he can't believe what he's seeing)
Y'know I can think of at *least* six known offensive odours that I would *rather* smell than what's livin' in your car.
Well as a woman, it makes no sense. But, I mean, let's say I was you. And I decided I was gonna change my name for no real reasons whatsoever-- Deon Rifkin. Wow! That is so cool.
I, uh, I don't blame you Winona. I, uh...
Um, it was, uh..."Next Stop Pottersville." (The group is unimpressed.) Uh, do you know when they're giving out the passes?
Yep.. yep. Um, he's promoting a (pauses) benefit for Goodwill, you know, they, uh, they clothe the (clears her throat) poor, and the homeless..
They just don't like me. It's a long story. I can tell you one day but I can't tell you right now.
Here, can you move, you gotta move from the door.
You got that straight. Now I want four new ideas from each of you by 600. No, make that six ideas by 400. All right, let's move, move, move, move, move!
Well! I can't spend the rest of my life coming into this stinking apartment every ten minutes to pore over the, excruciating minutia, of every, single, daily event..
Uh, well, listen. I feel really horrible about trying to keep you two apart and I just wanted to apologize.
Can you help me get it down, Jer? Jerry.
(mouths) 'Scuse me. Have to go (audible) look for some socks.
What did he think, you were flirtin' with him?
(frustration) But this isn't fair! Lookit, my neck is still hurting me, and now you have the bike?!
(trying to understand what they're talking about) What?
Hey Kramer, my friend Wendy wants to go out with you.
He's doing a book signing at Waldenbooks this afternoon.
Did you or did you not tell Kramer that I got my shoes at Botticelli's? (A waiter comes over and puts a plate of food on Gail's cutting board.)
George, hi. I have Anna here. There's something I wanna say to both of you.
Excuse me, we can't seem to find our car. I was wondering if it would be possible if you're not in a hurry, to drive us around the garage for five minutes so we can look.
How do people fast? Did Ghandi get this crazy? I'm gonna walk around, see what dishes look good.
Uhh, Jerry, I've got a lot goin' on with, uh, Lippman right now.
Here, here's your cake. (just about tosses it at the woman)
Ah! So he knew that you were making it up.!
No! I don't have to take it off, why should I take it off? This is ridiculous!!
He thinks that if you're too funny, he might not look so funny.
"Oh! well I'd like, like to get to know him."
You think that could be a coincidence George? Is that possible?
Youre a salesman now - and the high-five is its very grease monkey.
Our big screen TV is probably arriving right now...
Well, you can wear a hat all the time now. Who's stopping you?
What do you mean, I thought it was the sweater.
Yeah, I wanted to talk about how we have nothing to talk about.
George, we are at a baseball game! This is America!
(looking at her watch) Okay, well that's all the time we have for today. Why don't we pick up with this next week?
Lookit. He knew I was gonna use the machine next, he didn't wipe his sweat off. That's a gesture of intimacy.
Can I have a zip? (Sticks a straw out from keyhole.)
She doesn't want to hear that, that was stupid.
I need to see Dr. Burke right away. This rash is spreading.
Um, yup. Yes, yes, it just... such a miracle, um. My visit must have buoyed (Elaine says "boyed") his spirits.
See what is that? Is that a date?
Wait a minute (claps hands) Wait a minute. I know what's going on here. Skinny Mirrors! (she pushes George and Jerry in their respective chests, with her arms extended -- one arm for each of them -- they recoil with surprise)
Look, I'll go down and talk to this adoption guy and I'll make sure that it all gets worked out.
Mmm. They're putting a little lemon in the tuna. I love that.
Hmm, the world's best pizza cutter. 76 bucks, how often do I make...oh, I've gotta buy a book.
When my uncle said to him, 'the president's been shot' Oswald winked at him and said, 'I'm gonna go catch a movie'?
...Yeah, you're right. Well, will you at least keep me company until somebody comes out?
(sighs) Kramer! You have GOT to let me talk to her!
So listen, what are you gonna get him?
Don't get me wrong, Mr. Lippman. I-I'm very flattered that you found me attractive enough to... lunge at me. Huh. But the only reason you like me is because I'm a shiksa.
How 'bout this one? How 'bout, 'Your cranium called. It's got some space to rent.'?
Why is the letter 'D' painted on your chest?
He wore a classic courtman's duster. beige corduroy collar, 100% cotton canvas, high waist, nine pockets, six on the outside, great for running along side a train, (Jerry walking away) waving last goodbyes, posing on a veranda, Men's sizes ...
So, essentially, you chose soup over a woman?
These people invited us for dinner. We have to bring something.
Ugh, does it have to be Hop Sing's. I kind of had a fight with him.
No, no. It's right here in the city. It's the same as 212. They just multiplied it by 3, and then they added one to the middle number. It's the same.
If you could see her personality it would be like one of the Elephant Man exhibits, you know where they pull off the sheet and everyone gasps.
You know if you waited a few more months it won't be a baby anymore then you wouldn't have to see it.
Oh, no no no no, don't concern yourself with me, because I'm - I'm good. I'm - I'm very good, I mean I'm really very, very good.
This is so nice of you to take us all out to dinner, George.
Oh, this is a good mattress. Sniff, sniff, Ugh!
Um, uh, I was wondering if you got a chance to look at that , um, biography of Columbus, I gave you?
(Smiling) I want to be in on this, too.
I don't know if you people are aware of this, but I am one clever chickadee.
Well, I have no intention of "getting" grace.
Ohh, That is so true! (clutches her hands to her chest)
OK, so then I put it on at home. It looks like Im carrying twins.
This was my idea you stole my idea.
Oh come on. If she's that superficial you don't want her.
Okay, uh, Ill tell you what. I could go as high as uh... (She takes a closer look at couch.) I dont know, maybe...twenty dollars?
I cannot believe that she was hitting on you.
These mirrors are skinny mirrors. This is false ... reflecting. And I think, that the department of ... you know, whatever, would be very interested to know what's going on here.
Am I? (hands on hips) Do you think I would have bought this dress if I looked like this at Barneys?
I know, I know Jerry.. but it's The Plazaaa... I've never stayed there .It'll be like a little vacation
I am getting a lock smith, alright?! Relax!
Oh, really? Oh, you should go. They're great. They're great. Of course, when it's over, it's - it's hard to get used to all this clothing, you know. So, a lot of times, I'll just lock the door to my office and I'll just sit there naked.
Because he told a man he'd give him a discount too... a man Jerry.
Oh, I can't believe this. What a dope! uh..excuse me umm.. I'm sorry this is.. this is kind of embarrassing but.. there's no toilet paper over here
Oh great, oh, this is great. How could you let him take the car?
Oh, how could I not like it? Of course I'll like it.
If you weren't Jewish, you wouldn't be interested in me.
(definitely irritated) You know, it seems to me that it's all you, and none of my ideas are getting in. You know, I mean, you just know it all and I am Miss Stupid. Right?
Yeah, well maybe there aren't any houses to rent there.
(cheering up) Ah, right! Aw, this is shaping up.
Well, I don't know who you are, but thanks for the car.
(very dissatisfied) Why is everyone talking about "The English Patient, it's so romantic". (vehement) God, that movie stunk!
Oh, isn't that weird that George and Jane haven't had sex yet, but they're spending a weekend together?
I will buy your popcorn and soda. We'll call it even.
(Matter-of-factly) They have to, it's in the Geneva Convention.
Yeah, its like Edward the Eighth abdicating the throne and marrying Mrs. Simpson. Ooh.
Yeah! But get this. Viking has a deal with the Plaza Hotel, they got a two bedroom suite, there, for out-of-town clients...So guess what I did?
Do I think you're a clown? No, not if it?s bad to be a clown, if it?s bad to be a clown then you are definitely not a clown. But if its good to be a clown then, you know, I would have to rethink the whole thing.
(Slow, as if remember a dream) I never new I could drive like that. I was going faster than I've ever gone before, and yet, it all seemed to be happening in slow motion. I was seeing three and four moves ahead, weaving in and out of lanes like an Olympic skier on a gold metal run. I knew I was challenging the very laws of physics. At Queens Boulevard, I took the shoulder. At Jewel Avenue, I used the median. I had it. I was there.. and then.. I hit the Van Wyck. They say no one's ever beaten the Van Wyck, but gentlemen, I tell you this - I came as close as anyone ever has. And if it hadn't been for that five-car-pile-up on Rockaway Boulevard, that numbskull would be on a plane for Seattle right now instead of looking for a parking space downstairs.
(CONT'D) Excuse me - I can't seem to find my car - do you think you could drive me...
(making fun of George as he leaves) Don't forget to wash your hands before supper.
I mean every time I mention it you never say anything or join in the conversation.
Well it was a little hair. I took it off.
It's because you made me wear that stupid shirt.
You know, Newmie. Um, I know how you feel about me, and I have to tell you, I'm quite flattered.
I don't know, I don't know...we had HoHos for dinner and then eh...and then he put this plastic bag over his head and started running around until he got tired and then he laid down somewhere I...I tell you I'm no good watching that kid.
(Embarrassed) Free sub. (Starts to leave) I'll see ya.
I can't believe it. Hey, I'll meet you at the coffee shop.
I'll try and remember that. [Pause] Where's my meal?
You know, I happen to have the script right here with me and, uh...on page 3, for example, suppose the Elaine character comes in wearing a...a low-cut dress. And the butler is very distracted, and can't work.
Well, what about George? He's supposed to pick us up at Kennedy.
Why did I buy it, because in the mirror, at Barneys, I looked fabulous. This woman was just walking by said I looked like Demi (the "i" sounds like an "e") Moore in Indecent Proposal.
I don't know. It's just the last coupla days my mind has been, not good.
Here's to Peggy, on her first week of being germ-free, free.
Hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu "Ther - There is nothing finer than being in your diner."?
So she kept insisting I take off my coat. I refused, and then she forcibly tried to get me to remove it.
Poor little bubble boy. He's sitting there waiting for you in his bubble, or igloo thing, whatever.
So what?! She is talking about my shoes! She is discussing my shoes! It is nobody's business where I buy my shoes! (Storms over to the couch and angrily sits down. Jerry, Kramer and George look at Elaine from the kitchen, comically puzzled by her outburst...)
I'll give you back your spare keys - but now I want mine back.
Oh, come on, Jerry. It was 9 to nothing. We were getting shellacked.
It doesn't matter. If anything happens to her, I'm on deck! Scissors mishap, air show disaster, chinese organ thieves...it's a dangerous world.
He's an enigma, a mystery wrapped in a riddle.
Well, this is so, amazing to me! Jerry what did do?
Why? What's wrong? You're not still thinking about this afternoon are you?
(pointedly) And you know, you might wanna do something about that hair.
(gasp) Oh, my *God*! I hardly recognize you! You look so...
yeah, well I just hope I run into her again ok, cause I will never forget that flinty voice, it is tattooed in my brain if I hear it, watch out So listen what happened with Jane last night?
So I guess you're not going to Todd's party on Friday.
Are we still going to the movies tonight?
Five seconds. Jerry, I was five seconds away from breaking up with him. Five seconds. The next words out of my mouth were, 'Owen, it's over.'
I'm sorry, I really am. I just kept forgetting.
Yeah, I've heard of that. I mean they usually wear a wig.
Was it a tall woman, in a black blazer?
You had an affair with Ghandhi? MRS. O He used to dip his bald head in oil and rub it all over my body. Here, look... [shows Elaine a picture of the two together]
No, no. Listen, Rabbi, I'd like to ask you a question. Why, why did you tell my friend Jerry what I talked to you about?
The turbo quadramatic transmission offers you the power and prestige to propel you well into the 21st century.
Here's one. I borrowed Puddy's car and all the presets on his radio were Christian rock stations.
(to say hello) Mmm! What's in the bag?
Oh, I don't think you'll have any trouble gettin' a table.
It's a story about love , deception ,greed , lust and.... unbridled enthusiasm .
Why do you think we're getting the sneak preview?
he's not a mimbo, he's an exciting, charismatic man he just happened to have a perfect face
What else did you tell (reaches over to slap Jerry) him. (does it again) The two of you must have had *quite* a little chat!
Yea, yeah, yeah,. So I spoke to him about the dog. He went down. Talked to the owner. She agr4eed to keep the dog inside from now on.
Adam, you don't become a man overnight. Look at your father. It takes time. Patience, experience. Uh, several careers of varying success. And these are things I look for in a man.
Well, it'll be a couple of years before he's completely bald. Those'll be good times.
oh is it two-ply? cause it it's two-ply I'll take one ply, one ply, one puny little ply, I'll take one measly ply
(Smiling, chuckling) This is gonna be the easiest money I've ever made in my life. (Moving on to a new topic) So, my fried, Joyce, is teaching an aerobics class. I'm gonna go tonight.
Oh sure. Hey guys, I wanna make a toast. Um... Here's to us who wish us well, and those who don't can go to hell... All right, who's dancin'? C'mon, who's dancin'? You want me, You want me to get it started? I'll get it started. Whew! (She dances)
Excuse me. I'm sorry to make you do this, but I got stuck in the aisle and the flight attendant wouldn't let me get through. There's no way to get around that cart...
(laughs) Ya, I bet you would. Alright, give him my number.
Oh, would you two stop with the Kennedys? Why does everybody make such a big deal about he Kennedys? What is this fascination?! Who cares?! It's all so boring..
Um, what was that last thing you gave me? That was pretty good.
Have you seen the chest of drawers that Brett gave to Kramer?
How do you like working there at the .... hum...Andover shop? I mean it's a pretty swanky upscale clientele.
Wow! Alright, well I will personally go out to Queens and deliver his Al Roker TV Guide to him.
I'll give you 25 if you let me do it.
(to Jerry) I'm gonna have to give that guy a taste of his own medicine, so, I am going to sidle, the sidler.
Stick ... with the opposite. (Slaps George on the forehead)
By making time with some floozy across the aisle?
Yeah, O.K. I'll go get 'em. (George begins to leaf through papers on Elaine's counter.) What are you doing? Would you just put that down? (Takes the papers away from George.) I gotta get some new friends.
I thought 646 was just for new numbers.
Ow! God! Is Kramer back from his little joyride yet?
Where is it? Where is it? This? This is the dog?
There's nothing to read, it's just yesterday's news. You know, the Yankees won, the Mets lost, Ricky Henderson's unhappy...
Oh those places have the stupidest names. Like, uh, "Back in ", or "Good Vertibrations".
Why couldn't we just take the hair off and go?
(Arguing) Yeah, but you're supposed to be a compassionate person! That cares about poor people! You look like you're gonna.. swing in on a chandelier!
I've been out with him three times, I should know the mans name.
When did you tell George to be here?
Okay, well, he had this idea of a pizza place where you make your own pie! (Laughs)
His name? Name, um, his name was uh, uh, Eduardo Carochio.
So, how long are you gonna be in here for?
Yeah, 308. Oh, I'm crazy for doing this!
He's not doing well, the doctors don't know what it is. They're baffled.
Well, if you need that ride, just uhm, gimme a call. (little laugh) Heh. I can meet you at the gate, Jer.
Yes. You're right. We need to find 'our' song.
I cancelled. Hal sent a mattress to my apartment. The nerve of that guy.
(To waitress) Oh, nothing for me. (Waitress leaves) I'm going to "Atomic Sub" later.
Aah, I forgot it. I gotta get home.
Well, you're basically a doctor. Right? I mean, people do call you doctor.
Wha -- the Soup Nazi threw me out.
Yeah, yeah. Uh, uh listen Mr. Costanza, if uh, if you do this for me I'll get you a manicure, I'll pay for it. Or you can get a pedicure if you want.
You turned around and you had these wooden teeth.
They're not making it! Let's get your pants on!
Yeah, yeah, that's better than 'God bless you'. Anyway, she left a message on my machine, she wants you to call her.
I wouldn't believe the Lumbar Yard wouldn't pick this up. Ug, oh, okay, . . .
Jerry, come on, youre doin okay now. You should at least take a look at this place. You shouldnt have to live like this.
Jerry, it's like the feeling is palpable. You think it could have something to do with the party?
Uh, yeah, uh, no. Newman, uh, I heard that you found a fur coat in a tree. And, I believe that it belongs to a friend of mine, and I'd like to give it back to him.
How come he's gettin' so smart? I stopped having sex with Ben three days ago and I don't know no Portuguese?
I believe I referred to her personality as a potential science exhibit.
What!? I happen to have a very steady boyfriend. You know, I mean, we broke up a few times and there has been an occasional guy here or... or there, but, wh-why is this your business?
Why are they using so many colors? And the numbers go up to forty.
Because I ruined this autographed picture of him that belonged to the Maestro. You think I can go and get his autograph?
Mr. Pitt, you were s'posed to talk with the pharmacist.
I've looked through that window and screamed at him to shut the blinds.
Yeah. Listen, I think he's giving me a big signal...maybe he wants to change our relationship. (The buzzer sounds, Elaine answers it.) Yeah?
So how was work? Another day, another dollar?
Alright, alright, look - I don't have grace, I don't want grace...I don't even say grace, O.K.?
Why do you need the name? You already have the address.
Yes, it bothered me. So I bought a pair of shoes at Botticelli's, I'm not allowed to shop there? That really embarrassed me.
I don't know how we did it, but there's some kind of chemistry between us, we turned out one hell of a catalog.
(points to Kramer and smiles in agreement) That's right.
Oh yeah, because she caught you jer -
Well I don't know, you just don't seem yourself?
I...eh...I got a piece a my heal stuck in a slicer.
(irked) I'm stuck here, editing the stupid catalogue, because of stupid Bob Grossberg.
Why couldn't I take a cab. For 6 dollars my whole life could've changed. What is that on my leg? I'll never get out of here. What if I'm here for the rest of my life? Maybe I'll get out in 5 seconds. 1 banana, 2 banana, 3 banana, 4 banana, 5 banana...no, I'm still here! Still here! Why don't they start moving? Move! Move!! Move!!! *Train starts moving, lights get back on* It's moving! It's moving! Yes! Yes!! *Train stops again and lights go off* Motherf(beep-beep)!!!
Oh, like any man would ever look at me, come on, I?m gonna... get out of here.
(to someone in the hallway) No, Ill be seeing you. (She enters the apartment; singing) "Good morning, good morning.. (to Jerry and George) Have you ever gotten up in the morning and felt its great to be alive? That every breath is a gift of sweet life from above?
Oh, you're not gonna cop a girl's phone number off an AIDS charity list!
(Whispering to Kramer) What is this?! What are you doing here?
Do uh, do hooks make it more attractive, Jerry?
Well, I didn't know that it was a manuscript that I had to read...
Well, Sue Ellen, it's a, it's not a top, it's a bra.
Here, take it. I was glad to get rid of it.
At least I've spoken to my guy. You're going out on a deaf date.
Oh, he doesn't handle my money, he handles Jerry's money. He just does my taxes.
I don't get it. I, I've been doing the same exercises. I haven't been eating anything different.
Tell her after sex, you just want her outta there?
Well, you really did me in this time, didn't ya? First guy I like in a really long time. I mean, we're getting along, everything is just great. I mean, all right, so he doesn't do... everything, and then you have to come along with your hot and your heavy.
Yeah, pretty much, yeah. Well, the smart ones start working on their getaway stories during dinner. How, you know, they gotta get up early tomorrow. What is about being up early? They all turn into farmers suddenly.
She wants my shoes? What kind of person is this? Alright! She is not getting 'em!
All right Ill try it on again. You tell me what you think. (she turns and goes into the bedroom to change clothes)
Oh, no. No. No. No. I got it.
Okay! Okay! Okay, I will talk to him. (Kramer enters.)
Well, for one thing, you live in Florida.
Yeah. So do you want to go to the Gap?
Andrea Doria? Isn't that the one they did the song about?
It's an un-vitation! (Notices George is a few inches higher) Hey, are you gettin' taller?
Yeah, I know what you were just. It's not helping.
Oh...it's daylight. It won't take you that long. Just make a clean break.
Hey, who do you think is the most unattractive world leader?
(following Kramer to the door) Okay. Kramer, Kramer, wait a minute. Do you still have that pricing-gun?
I just wanted to know what your idea of 'hot' is.
You know, Eddie, that might be just a tad harsh for womenswear.
Did anybody see you? Did anyone say anything?
See? Finally, *finally* I get to meet a man who pillages and plunders! I'm so lucky.
Well, Kevin, maybe I have a little doubt. I mean, nothing is a hundred percent.
I love her Jerry, she's so authentic. I really believe everything is actually happening to her. There's no acting there.
They happened to be in the back seat at the time.
But you just passed it. I'm sitting right there next to that guy...
Do you know how much money you cost me today?! 429 dollars!
Oh, yeah, it is! Shall we say hello?
Well, my friend, Elise, lent it to me for the week. She's out of town.
OH, AH! OH! WOW! WHOA! A COMMIE! Wow, gee, man it must be a bummer for you guys what with the fall of the soviet empire and everything .
Hey, do you believe I got Happy New Yeared today? It's February.
Yeah it looks good here, but what does that mean?
That is it! Mary Hart's voice, don't you see? There's something about Mary Hart's voice that's giving you seizures. Just like, just like, just like that woman in Albany!
Jerry, that crazy straight-armed woman down at Peterman's trashed my office. And then listen to this; this is message she left me.
Here! Here's your damn keys, you keep 'em! I don't want 'em anymore!
Napoleon? Who's he to have a cake? He was a ruthless war monger. Might as well get Mengele.
Oh uh, I dont really eat dessert. Im dieting.
This guy's going off on the peanut. Now pay attention.
What? He's - He's out there? Oh, my God. I-I gotta go, I gotta go..
What? (Elaine puts her muffin in the microwave and sets the timer) What is the problem?
What? You can tell me. Ill put it in the vault.
(worried) No, no. Well, I mean, you know, he's more like an intern, you know, at best.
Hey! Hey, everyone. This way. I think we can get out through here.
Oooh, you're getting an air conditioner for Amy. (In a wining voice) Amy doesn't like the temperature up here. She's a little hoooot.
Where the cartoon candy's dancing and the Milk Dud's playing the banjo?
Okay. So, I'm dating Art Vandelay. What is the problem we're discussing?
Hi, I uhm... What can I do for you?
And one more thing, you really think we need the exclamation point? Because, it's not "Top of the Muffin *TO YOU!!!*"
Yeah. Thanks. So, I'm gonna get tested again later, hopefully I'll get my job back and I will be on my way to Africa.
Ohmygod! Lippman could see this! He thinks I was visiting my father! Oh my g-I make up one little white lie and they put my picture in the paper!
All right, that's a good idea. I'm gonna do that.
Awful. This trip was a *huge* mistake. Huge!
Well if it's not a date then what is it?
You're all over the dial! You don't know what you want! I've never seen you stay on anything for more than 5 seconds. Gimme that.
(Handing the phone over to him) I was just trying to help you.
(examines card; embarrassed) That's very nice. Thank you very much.
I am not going to ask him about funguses.
You slept with Nina? What are you gonna tell George?
Ah, I, Im sorry, but the high-five is just so stupid.
So? We've met before. At Katie Ash's party, we talked for like ten minutes.
But last night you said you were free! (Sounding very disappointed)
Wouldn't it be easier just to punch him in the mouth?
Mr Mandel, you don't understand ...my my friend had fleas. I ran into the gas, it could have killed me, and my, my other friend couldn't taste his peaches ,they only good for two weeks.
Oh no, no, come on. Don't be so modest!
Uh, his name, um, I don't - I don't even know, all right you want to know his name? I'll - I'll tell you his name. His name is . . . Kramer.
Oh. Oh, then how about Desperado? (smiling) We can share it.
There it goes. (pointing at Simon walking out the door)
It's just a Latin phrase George, it does not mean anything. Now, what is this test?
Would you just keep an eye out for this woman. She's about ye high and eh, she doesn't swing her arms when she walks.
Oh, I can't do that, it's a guy thing.
I found it very troubling that he didn't use one.
Alright. Well uh, guess everything is under control.
I'm meeting him for lunch at Chadway's around the corner, do I have to break up with him face to face or can I just wait and do it over the phone?
It's no big deal Jerry. We'll just meet him at the bubble boy's house.
No, no, no! It was years ago - before you met him. And, and I - I got to tell you.. it was very mechanical.
Still killing me from having to get that bike off the wall. (pointedly) By myself.
(eating dinner with Kramer, Elaine, and Puddy) Mmm. This food is fantastic, PEGGY And what a pretty radish rose, huh?
Bah bah baaah, Boo doo bah bah bah, boo doo waaaah, waah, waaaah...
Oh my God! It's all over the test!
Jerry, you break up with a girl every week.
(visibly upset) Well, I bought it for you because you were so nice to me for not charging me for the dental work. The way you worked on my filling, you were so, so gentle and so caring and so sensitive.
Oh my God, we're going down. We're going to die!
Don't you see? George is in the bloodstream! You stay away from him, too!
Oh I gotta start taking these "stupid" warnings more seriously.
That's really what you think girls do, isn't it?
One drink like that and he could fall right off the wagon.
Why don't you go ahead and call him?
Well, perhaps one day when the pig-men roam free it will be stopped Kramer. Until then, off with their heads.
(sharp) What, are you sticking it to me?
Why? (Zach vomits. Elaine yells out to him) I told you, away from the curtains. Away. (Pointing) Use your bucket. (He vomits again - this time into the bucket) There you go, that's it. (To Jerry) You know what? I gotta go.
I tell you what, I'll get the popcorn and the soda.
You're just going to sit there staring at the back of a seat?
Oh, no, please, don't send me back there. Please, I'll do anything. It's so nice up here. It's so comfortable up here. I don't want to go back there. Please don't send me back there... [She notices another attendant offering goods] Oh, you got *cookies*!
Well, I guess he figured you just wouldn't care. It *has* been a few years.
You know, Witchy Woman. (sings) 'Ooo-ooh, wit-chay woman'.
So, uh, what are we doing in this alley, anyway?
(to the person in front of her) He's not the murderer.
Ugh, the whole country's sick to their stomach.
Uh, maybe we'll just stand and watch the tv. [knock knock]. I gotta go someone's at my door. Yeah!
Oh, no no. Tuesdays uh no good becasue weve got choir practice.
No. "Suze!" I mean, "Suzie!" "Suzanne!" "Suzanna." Fine! But there is no, way, I'm gonna be a Suze.
(laughing uproariously) The Hamptons? George Costanza? I, uh... I don't think so. Have a good one.
Um... Well, there's not really much more to tell. He was looking for waitresses, and I went in to apply for the job. And, he looked me up and down and he rejected me.
(noticing the forgotten handkerchief tries to stop call for Mr. Lippman with a mouth full of jujifruit) Oh, Mr. Lippman you forgot your handkerchief. Mr. Lippman, you forgot your handkerchief. It's on my desk.
(Full of guilt) I know! I screwed up. It's all my fault. Would you call her?
Because I got popcorn too, and I ate that first.
You know Joel and I have an extra ticket to the Giants game.
(gasps in mock surprise) Not the pommel horse?
Right. Hey, wouldn't you like an autographed picture?
Oh, it's you. We were just talking about you.
You know what I bet it is? (points) Your remote.
Oh, that is such bologna. I shave my legs.
What do we do? You get your ass over to Beth's, toot sweet. That's what you do and turn on some of that so called charm you're always telling me about.
He couldn't tell an apple from an union and he's your eye witness?
But the whole thing is a mess. He told everyone in the building. I met that cute guy on the fifth floor. I mean he could barely bring himself to nod.
Yeah, I saw it. I saw it! I did, I saw it. Yep.
How about we go over there right now and we shave them?
I didn't have time to go home. What are you doing here?
(after Kramer) What? (to Jerry) What, what is he talking about?
What is it ..A drawing of Mr. Magoo
These two and this one. ... No! Don't come over here! These are taken. Go! Go! These are taken! They're taken! THEY'RE TAKEN!!!
(Embarrassed) I should.. (Walks toward the bride and groom)
Oh my god. I, I know you. I-Im, I'm Elaine Benes. Do you remember we met at Linda van Grak's baby shower.
I don't know. But I'm sure it had, . . . parents. Call her up. She won't mind if you come.
(somewhat annoyed) I really don't know Mr. Seinfeld
I could've been at my boss' son's bris right now.
You have a little thing for this fella'?
So what? When someone turns twenty-one, they usually get drunk the first night.
All right, Jerry, if that's not what it is, you tell me. What is it?
Umm, I'm not actually going straight to home, I have to first stop at the eh...circus, you know with all the...clowns.
Wait a minute; this postmark is three weeks old. Man, this happens all the time. (Into intercom) Jeanine? Who the hell runs the mailroom?
It certainly should be. It's nobody's damn business! But they really would like to know.
Look, Marla. This whole sex thing is totally overrated. Now, here's the one thing you've gotta be ready for is how the man changes into a completely different person five seconds after it's over. I mean, something happens to their personality it's really quite astounding. It's like they committed a crime and they want to flee the scene before the police get there.
Yeah, but that doesnt make up for killin her.
(Laughing as she says it) What is that, ha?
I know, he- he has a real confidence problem.
Well so what. I mean you played first base. I mean they always put the worst player on first base. That's were they put me and I stunk.
Alright, you almost ready? Cause Jerry and Kramer are gonna be here any second.
Jerry, if you don't follow him, you're yella.
(Stern) Ya didn't! You never sat in mud!
You know, maybe if you hadn't been sitting there pontificating about what a great parker you were, you might have got the space.
What? You're going to go out with my cousin Holly. You've never met her.
(entering as Jerry heads to the register) Hey, we're gonna go see Babu now, right?
Not any more. Come on, get your ball, we're leaving. Let's go, let's go.
(pulling on Jerry's pants from the ground) Jerry, can we go?
