And who were these other people. What were they doing in the apartment!?
Ah, see, now I've been thinking a lot about what happened and I feel horrible. Listen, I want to give you a ticket back.
Oh, yeah, some gift. That thing didn't work at all.
How can I think you? I'll tell you what, I'll take you to dinner sometime. You ever been to Mendys?
Why did you call him O'Brien and him Murphy?
(Accepting) Oh. (Turns to George) Hey, George, thanks again for getting me those Yankee tickets.
Elaine, you are something else. No one can ever put a label on you, huh?
I'll tell you what's up. I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew. I finished converting two days ago.
Listen, Elaine, I've been wanting to ask you...would you like to go out with me New Years Eve? (Elaine thinks Tim is offering her a nut, and shakes her head no. Tim, rejected, walks away.) Thanks.
It's a regular room, but it's right downtown.
Oh, Elaine. Yeah, well, things just didn't work out like I thought they would.
Jerry, it's our sense of humor that sustained us as a people for 3000 years.
And of course, his great book, "The Game".
Just a game. He's so humble. Don't forget what you wrote in the epilogue, the fate of the world depends on the outcome of this game.
No, the dentists. You know, we have the highest suicide rate of any profession?
5000, even better. Okay, Chrissie. Give me a schtickle of flouride.
I'm Jewish, you're not a dentist. You have no idea what my people have been through.
Hey Jerry! George. What are you up to?
Nothing to worry about, it was just a flat tire. But rest assured, we're prepared to handle anything that might come up.
All right, it is cavity time. Ah, here we go. Which reminds me, did you here the one about the rabbi and the farmer's daughter? Huh?
So, I guess I'll see you at the game.
(Notices a woman walking by) Oh, hey, listen, I'd better circulate.. (moving over to the woman) Happy Chanukah, Tiffany! (they both move off camera)
Are you the one who bought his LeBaron convertible?
Yes! Yes, I went to dental school with him.
Hey, who invited you, anyway? You're a troublemaker! (Jerry nervously laughs like Woody Woodpecker as the breeze from the popped balloon blows in the window.)
Alright, let me take down your number. (Grabs George's pencil, then notices Jerry sitting on the couch.) Is that Jerry Seinfeld?
Well, the Curtis, why don't you come in? (To Jerry) Father Curtis, good guy. Oh, which reminds me, did you hear the one about the Pope and Raquel Welch on the lifeboat, huh? I'll tell you later. (Exits)
And you really don't look like a Murphy.
You put a label on something, then ten minutes later it would peel right off. It was the worst gift I ever got.
Hey, George. Kramer, how ya doin.' (They shake hands.)
Oh, well, I didn't do much. I just sat in the sauna. You know, it was more like a Jewish workout. I'll see ya. (Jerry and George give confused looks)
You know it's funny. You don't look like an O'Brien.
Take his *records*? Do you realize how valuable that record collection is?
Father Curtis told me about your little joke.
I'm just getting warmed up. Because I'm just a sadist with newer magazines.
