(aghast) You haven't seen it?
It's morning. Thanks for seeing me through the night. I'll make us a pot of coffee, George. Watch her, won't you?
Get well, get well soon we wish you to get well.
Snag?
(interrupting) There's no need to deny it, Elaine. I heard every word you said.
Well, where are they?
Nevertheless, Elaine. The House, of Peterman is in Disorder. First thing tomorrow morning I want to see you, Peggy, and, Susie right here, in my office.
Elaine, who among us hasn't snuck into the break room to nibble on a love newton?
Elaine, what'd you think?
Do they have a castle at Windsor?
All right, brace yourself, Lubeck. You are about to be launched via pastry back to the wedding of one of the most dashing and romantic Nazi sympathizers of the entire British Royal family.
Well, I see what's going on in here. I am smack dab in the middle of a good old fashioned cat fight.
Elaine.
(Interested) You don't say.
That noise. That's the noise!
But, unfortunately I will be out of town with my lady-friend and therefore unable to bid on the lot. I was hoping maybe you would go in my stead.
Elaine, did you hire this man?
Ah, Fong has been most accommodating. Shall we?
Twenty thousand dollars!?! Elaine, that's twice the amount I authorised you to spend.
See you on Monday.
That's my coat.
But Iiii never heard her Cries for Help. (sighs) An' nowww.. Susie is gone.
That's it! Drop everything. We're going right now.
Well, that's pretty exciting. (Pause) Let's put that in the book.
Doctor, how is she?
Elaine. I never knew Kennedy had such a temper.
Who.
You're an errand girl, sent by grocery clerks, to collect a bill.
(looks at his watch) It's only five fifteen. So, later on that same day, I developed a great hankering for some wild honey...
Until I remembered the videotape surveillance system that I installed to catch other-Walter using my latrine. But it also caught this.
Damn it, Elaine. That wasn't Zach. That was the yam-yam. Now, he is going cold turkey. (Ordering) And you will be at his side.
...and I, of course, will return to mine. Kudos, Elaine, on a job... done.
I don't believe that for a minute. Well, Elaine, it was good of you to stop by.
Ohhh.. It's just a place to flop. (Sits in his recliner)
Oh, Elaine just called, she won't be joining us. Not to worry, I'll tell the maitre'd it'll just be the three bulls.
I just spoke with her, Elaine. She's in bed.
Jaba! Bagama ma Jaba. Olymala Hungui. (The boy runs out of the room)
I wanna market this item as a new direction in women's fashion.
Elaine, I'm afraid I have incurred yet another flat tire.
Elaine? Guess what. I've decided to Form a Charitable Foundation, in Susie's honor. And as Susie's best friend, I want you to be involved.
Eh, never mind. (turns to Elaine) Elaine, you do it.
I saw a woman in our hallway wearing one of these as a top. (sits on the corner of the desk)What exquisite beauty, I ran down the hallway to talk to her, but the elevator door closed. It was not to be.Perhaps our paths will cross again some day.
What is it?
One moment. I'm reading the most fascinating article on the most fascinating people of the year. Annnnnd, done. Oh, yes. I'm sorry I needed this so quickly (leafing through the pages). It must have been an awful lot of work. Thank you very much, you two.
(busting in) Not on my watch! (Grabs Kramer by the collar) I won't have you turning my office into a den of iniquity! Get your fix somewhere else!
Yes, I'm J. Peterman.
And I know you wouldn't be just having fun with his handicap. (staring away) That kind of cruelty would be grounds for dismissal.
Are you an assassin?
All right, Elaine.
(Turns on the T.V, and starts flipping through the channels) Oh damn. They changed the cable stations again.. just when I finally memorized them.
Elaine, do you have a moment? It's about your lover.
I'm afraid it's your urine, Elaine. You tested positive for opium.
And so, I made an explosive out of chick peas, and I stopped that great rhino right in his tracks.
(Intrigued) The very pants I was returning. That's perfect irony! Elaine, that is interesting writing! (The intercom beeps)
Elaine. I think I've been working you a little too hard, lately.
Well, Elaine, has nothing but Good things to say about Susie.
Mmmmm--nah.
Woof!
Nonsense! (To Kramer) I have Benes' woderfully imaginative mind to spin my stories. You take back your tales, you vagabond!
(returns) Flash of lightning Elaine I just realized why I like this cartoon so much.
It just seems so cliched, and obvious. It's not interesting writing.
(steps up to the podium, refreshed) Ahhh. I don't think I'll ever be able to forget Susie--ahhh. And most of all, I will never, forget that one night. Working late on the catalogue. Juuust the two of us. And we surrendered to temptation. And it was Pretty Good.
(to Bob) I want you to handle all the fact-checking and the copy-editing for the new catalogue.
Bad news, people. Peggy is home sick.
(slower and louder) Why don't you handle all the copy-editing?
(puzzled) Who are you?
That's NOT bad!
(louder still) Copy-editing!
For the love of God!
Momma. Just talk to her, George. The doctor seems to think it helps.
(Picks up the phone) Peterman, here.
All right, Lubeck. How much is she worth?
Ha ha ha ha...Oh, what a stirring little anthem of wellness.
I would see no trouble in spending up to, say, ten thousand dollars. Have my secretary give you a signed cheque.
That's the best way to get someplace you've never been.
3.. I don't know what that is.. where's my damn preview channel?
(surprised) Elaine. You don't like the movie?
(emotional) And I thought I knew what love was.
Momma! What are you trying to say?
Yes. Between you, me and the lamppost. And the desk. Peggy says this "Suze" isn't much of a Worker.
(upbeat) Oh, Elaine, this dry air is curing me like a Black Forest ham.
So, anyway, effective immediately, Miss Benes will return to her old position, at her original salary...
well, I'm sure we'll come up with something. What do you say you and I order ourselves a pie? Do you like Lorenzo's?
George, give me your ATM card!
(Laughs) Kramer, my friend, that is one ripping good yarn.. (Hands Kramer a check)
We're gonna sell this as a top. Here's the angle Zelda Fitzgerald, aaaand, somebody in the 20s, wearing this at wild parties, driving all the men crazy (tosses the bra on Elaines desk) Have it on my desk by the end of the week.
(Still flipping through the channels) 2.. CBS..
I know what you're going through. I too once fell under the spell of opium. It was 1979. I was travelling the Yangtzee in search of a Mongolian horsehair vest. I had got to the market after sundown, all of the clothing traders had gone, but a different sort of trader still lurked about. "Just a taste," he said. That was all it took.
(winks) Morty, you're out.
Elaine, what did you want to talk me about?
(excited) Elaine! You found the clubs. That's wonderful news. Where are they?
(leans forward, whispers carefully) I feel the same way. (announcing) And that's why this foundation will meet around Your Schedule. Nights! Weekends! Every, Free Moment you have. (leaving, pats her shoulders confidently)
The horror ... the horror.
We missed you at the get well party. Poor old Walt has a polyp in the duodenum. It's benign, but--ooh--still a bastard. Oh, Elaine, can you keep a secret?
That shirt. Where did you get it?
Where is she?!
Well, it started out nicely "I'm returning some pants." A very identifiable problem.. (turns page) "I set of down a train tunnel.".. (turns page) But that's where the story takes a most unappealing turn.
Inside that small college boy minifridge is my latest acquisition. A slice of cake from the wedding of King Edward VIII to Wallis Simpson, circa 1937, price--$29,000.
So, we pay off your friend, and it becomes a Peterman.
Elaine, I hope you're watching the clothes, because I can't take my eyes off the passion.
So as a result of your test being free of opium, I am reinstating you.
Elaine.
Elaine! Where's Susie? I want her to head up our new Fingerless Glove Division.
George, you're obviously lying, anyone can see that!
That's right, Elaine. White lotus. Yam-yam. Shanghai Sally.
Morty. My stories are what sell these clothes.
Elaine, I have a question for you. Is the item still...with you?
Very soft, huge button flaps, cargo pockets, draw string waist, deep biswing vents in the back perfect for jumping into a gondola.
You know what a huge fan I am of John F Kennedy.
Ha ha ha ha ha!$219,000! Lubeck, you glorious titwillow. You just made me a profit of $190,000.
I'd be happy to Elaine (he starts reading the form as she hands him a pen)... but I will have to see this hat.
I'm afraid I can't take you.
Oh, no Elaine, stay. Lubeck here is the world's foremost appraiser of vintage pastry.
Ah, yes. Well this certainly looks like a lot of words. In record time. I'm very impressed ... with both of you.
Oh, good lord.
J. Peterman.
Do you know what happens to a butter-based frosting after six decades in a poorly ventilated English basement?
What does that have to do with my clubs?
(quietly) Well, why didn't you say so in the first place? You're fired.
Fortunately, I still have George here to help me through this.
Because, if I hear one more rattle - just one - your out on your can. And if you are undead - I'll find out about that too. (Exits)
Elaine, do you see this? Do you see what I'm holding in my hands?
Oh! no right away, chop, chop........Oh! a new cartoon....."I wish I was taller (hearty laugh) I'd like to see that complaint get rectified. (more laughs and he leaves)
Then in the distance I heard the bulls. I began running as fast as I could. Fortunately I was wearing my Italian Captoe Oxfords. Sophisticated yet different; nothing to make a huge fuss about. Rich dark brown calfskin leather. Matching leather vent. Men's whole and half sizes 7 through 13. Price $135.00.
George, give him your code!
Don't you drag me into this! This is between you and her, and her. (indicating empty chair)
Oh, Elaine. The toll road of denial is a long and dangerous one. The price? Your soul. Oh, and by the way, you have til' 500 to clear out your desk. You're fired.
You know George, growing up as a boy in Costa Rica, I heard a rumor that momma had taken a lover. Perhaps Bosco was this man's name.
Another productive meeting. By the way, I saw that English Patient film last night. It was extraordinary.
You must be Jerry Seinfeld.
Not a chance. I'm afraid I'll just have to find someone else to accompany me on my journey. The dark continent is no place for an addict, Elaine.
That reminds me of the Hatian Voodoo rattle torture! You haven't gone over to their side have you?
Have you been crying?
Sotheby's is having an auction of JFK's memorabilia. One item in particular has caught my eye. The presidential golf clubs. To me, they capture that indefinable romance that was Camelot.
Elaine! May I say a few words.
Well, I have a feeling that what you are about to go through is punishment enough. Dismissed.
Elaine! Excellent. I'd like you to meet a friend of mine, Irwin Lubeck.
She's gone. Bosco?
And, in a tiny way, I almost feel responsible. I'm the one who sent him to Thailand - in search of low-cost whistles. Filled his head with pseudoerotic tales of my own Opium excursions. Plus, I have him some phone numbers of places he could score near the hotel.
Look, there's a man in there. Get out of there, you're in danger!
(Hangs up) There you are, Elaine. Go forth, and create. (Elaine gets up to leave) And, by the way, when you get to that chapter about my romantic escapades - feel free to toss yourself in the mix.
Oh, and one more thing. You may have osteoporosis.
I'm afraid I have some bad news, Elaine. It appears you will not be accompanying me to Africa.
Yes, that's the one! Good day Elaine. (Leaves.)
Oh, I'll be inaugrating them this weekend, with none other than Ethel Kennedy. A woman whose triumph in the face of tragedy is exceeded only by her proclivity to procreate.
Ha ha, nonsense, George. Besides it gives me a chance to tell you about my latest trip to Burma where I discovered a very unusual corduroy.
Shake off the dew, my friend.
Oh, Elaine, we've covered all of that in the catalogue ad nauseum. No, I would like this book to be about my day-to-day life.
Apparently Peggy--down in Design?--got into a liiiittle bit of a Tiff yesterday with somebody named, "Susie"?
My friends, a toast. As the wolly-haired Melanasians of Papua, New Guinea once said, (Makes a series of clicking and popping sounds. The music starts up) All right! Who's dancing? (No one makes a gesture that they intend to dance) No one? Alright, I'll just have to get things started. (Grabs a female employee, and starts dancing with her. The crowd is impressed)
It's a Ziggy!
I'm afraid the problem with Zach is more serious. He's back on the horse, Elaine. Smack. White palace. The Chinaman's nightcap.
Bob, we have a little baptism by fire for you, so to speak.
Bosco. Bosco. Bosco.
...And there, tucked into the river's bend was the object of my search. The Gwon-Jaya River market, fabrics and spices traded under a starlit sky. It was there that I discovered the Pamplona beret. Sizes seven-and-a-half through eight-and-three-quarters. Price? Thirty-five dollars.
Ah, the tickets are for tonight. So you and Bob can knock off a little early, so you both can get ready.
Alright, people, I'd like to begin with a hearty hail and well-met good fellow, to Bob Grossberg, who's joining us from Business Affairs.
(Interrupting) How much would you take for the whole lot?
Oh no, that doesnt matter now. That's a very nice jacket.
I'll give you half that.
Well, are they here?
Elaine, according to your urine analysis, you're menopausal. you have the metabolism of a sixty-eight year old woman.
Name your price, man!
It's jammed! I'll slide it under the door,
That irreverence, that wit I'd recognize it anywhere. Some charlatan has stolen a Ziggy and passed it off as his own. I can prove it. Quick Elaine, to my archives.
George, there's no time! Tell him your code! Shout out your code, man!!
Now, down to business. (thoughtful) I have had this vision of a diaphanous rum-runner scarf.
Peterman here. What? Oh no. Alright, I'll be right there. (To George) It's my mother; she's at death's door. I just pray to God we can make it there in time.
No Elaine, that was gibberish.
(Looking at his dying plant) Ohh, damn. I forgot to buy plant food again.. I'll bet I got a coupon for it. (Starts looking through a small coupon box)
Elaine, you're out of control. You need help.
Just Hold On a minute. Still One Short.
That infernal rattling sound that has plagued me these past two days - and I could not find the source. In my office, in the hallway. Even in the men's room! Shame on you, Elaine!
Elaine, up until a moment ago, I was convinced that I was on the receiving end of one of the oldest baker's grift in the books--The Entenmann's shim-sham.
