A what?
Anyone in this room ever delinquent?
So Cosmo Kramer was, in fact, a pimp.
What was that?
So you met Jerry Seinfeld in a health club sometime in 1993?
Alright, Detective, then what happened?
So you and Mr. Costanza were dating.
No further questions.
How did she try to kill you?
How long was his book overdue?
State your name.
Call George Steinbrenner to the stand.
Yes?
And then you left the bakery.
The state calls Mr. Babu Bhatt to the stand.
And you also met Miss Benes in that same health club?
So, she pretended to trip, and she fell into your breasts?
What do you call them?
Your marble rye?
Ladies and gentlemen, last year, our City Council by a vote of twelve to two, passed a Good Samaritan Law. Now, essentially, we made it a crime to ignore a fellow human being in trouble. Now this group from New York not only ignored, but, as we will prove, they actually mocked the victim as he was being robbed at gunpoint. I can guarantee you one other thing, ladies and gentlemen, this is not the first time they have behaved in this manner. On the contrary, they have quite a record of mocking and maligning. This is a history of selfishness, self-absorption, immaturity, and greed. And you will see how everyone who has come into contact with these four individuals has been abused, wronged, deceived and betrayed. This time, they have gone too far. This time they are going to be held accountable. This time, they are the ones who will pay.
But it didn't end there, did it, Mrs. Choate?
We are, Your Honor.
Cock fighting?
Then on the evening of October 28, there was an abrupt end to that relationship. Tell us what happened.
What was the nature of the contest?
Contest?
Could you spell that?
Did one of them have a video camera?
State your name.
We are, Your Honor. Call Officer Matt Vogel to the stand.
Why would she do something like that?
So they were just standing there?
So you asked Mr. Seinfeld if he would wear your puffy shirt on the Today Show?
I call Marla Penny to the stand.
And what was your connection to the defendants?
Your Honor, with the court's permission, we would like to play back that video and enter it into evidence as Exhibit A.
Call Donald Sanger to the stand.
Now, Mrs. Choate, would you please tell the court what happen the evening of January 4th.
So you broke the news to Mr. Costanza? Could you tell the court, please, what his reaction was?
It's alright. Take your time.
Call Mabel Choate to the stand.
You came a long way to be here today, haven't you?
Yes?
And then what happened?
And then Mr. Kramer gave you a used wheelchair?
No further questions.
So Donald, would you please tell the court about the incident that occurred in your house, October 7th, 1992.
So George Costanza came to work for you in May of 1994?
Uromycitisis! I wonder if they're having any trouble controlling themselves during this trial? Perhaps these two hooligans would like to have a pee party right here in the courtroom!
What did he want?
Excuse me?
Let the record show that she is pointing at Mr. Seinfeld.
So Mr. Costanza parked in a handicapped spot, and as a result you got in an accident, and your wheelchair was destroyed?
What does a library cop do?
And what's your connection to the defendant?
Call Sidra Holland to the stand.
So they got Jackie Chiles, huh? (Sets down the newspaper) Uh hmm. You know what that means. This whole place is going to be swarming with media by the time this thing is over. You're not going to be able to find a hotel room in this town. The whole country is going to be watching us. Now we got to do whatever it takes to win it, no matter what the cost. The big issue in this trial is going to be character. I want you to find out everything you can about these people - and I mean everything.
So you were the doctor on duty the night Susan Ross died?
So they just stood there and did nothing?
Your Honor, the prosecution has gone to great lengths and considerable cost to find these character witnesses.It is imperative that we establish this is not merely an isolated incident. It's part of a pattern of anti-social behavior that's been going on for years.
