Michael, can I open the kamomo with you. I've been on the road too long. But, I wanna connect with my daughter. And it's not right to call her a bitch in front of strangers.
Do you have a ball and chain?
That's sweet. How's the sex?
Well we gotta go out and celebrate, tonight!
Why?
[at Hank's with Michael, talking to Hank] And a '76 that's good to boot, I like that. [Hank smiles]
Check it out!
[to Jim] So you two are married to each other now, right?
I really though I was becoming too much of a womanizer. I realized I had shirts in five different women's houses.
Apparently, as soon as corporate found out I wanted to come in off the road, Jo offered me a cushy new job in Tallahassee. And here's the best part. I'm a huge alligator nerd. I can name you every genus, every sub species. Also I'm a huge boob nerd.
No.
Why?
[grunting while humping Michael and Dwight] Don't even watch, Halpert!
Holly said that?
Thanks man, it'd mean a lot.
Don't give up on me.
Yeah. You know how to read... a menu!
Okay. You want an apology? Here it goes. Kevin, I am so sorry. You are skinny, and you are a genius.
Is too!
I don't know, I love her and all, but she turned into a bitch. Mostly she's great, but some days she acts like her mom. [Holly is un-amused]
I think I'll pass. The only hot chocolate I'm into is Viva A Fox. [winks]
Listen, I'm gonna tell you something that none of these people have the stones to tell you. It's your girlfriend, man. She's uptight.
Since when did you learn how to read?
That sounds weird.
[shaking Holly's hand] Whoa! I'm sorry, Michael. I thought we were meeting Holly today, not Jennifer Aniston!
Hey what's going on you guys? [walking into the kitchen with Holly, Dwight, and Kevin, with whom he fist bumps] Yeahh! Three muska-queers!
It's gonna be so good.
I'm sorry if you were offended by my comments earlier.
All right, truth is I gotta couple love bumps on my ding-dong so, game-over!
She asked me, Michael! It would've been rude not to answer.
You're right. I gotta watch my behavior.
After you!
I know this stuff can hurt, but I wish someone had said something to me about my ex-wife. All I'm saying is about a month or so, meet me down in Florida, I'll introduce you to all the local [spanks the air] talent.
well I was there for twelve years. Plus my name's carved under the desk.
It's great to be among friends, but until then, you suckers will do!
[excitedly] Oh!
