Oh yes sir, good morning, good morning, sir.
"George, there's nothing I hate more than a liar."
There's your answer. Downtown.
George, I'll tell you what I'd like you to do. I, I'd like you to drop everything.
Well, I'm very interested to see how this thing turns out.
"So George. Have you heard anything about the missing equipment?"
Lemme see, I uh, I had an assignment for you... uh.
He's been coming in late all week. Is there something wrong?
Oh no, you've got to go downtown, George. It's all downtown. Just like the song says.
"They took a pitching machine, a batting cage ,the in-field tarp and all of Mr Steinbrenner's vitamins.. Now , we have reasons to believe it's an inside job."
George. (waves George over) George.
Oh, George, have you seen the American league directory? It is a big green book. Oh, thanks kiddo.
Have you seen Morgan?
(exiting) Top priority.
"I called this meeting because we......have........a problem. For the last few months someone has been stealing equipment from the club. Until recently it's been little things, y'know; bases, batting helmets, donuts, but two nights ago they pulled the big one. "
Wait, wait, Mr Steinbrenner. George doesn't deserve any of the blame for what happened in the parking lot today, sir. If there's anyone to blame here, it's me.
Uh-a Anyway, his car's in the parking lot, the front end is bashed in, and there's blood in the car, and we can't find him anywhere. Obviously he was in some sort of a terrible car accident, and trooper that he is, he tried to make it into work, sir.
(entering the office) Yes George.
The trainer, George. Tell the players I'll reimburse the trainer. What's the matter with you? This is the third time I've had to repeat myself.
What's the matter with you?!
George, have you seen Morgan?
(pleased) Well then, I guess you'll be heading downtown then, huh?
(drying his hands and heading for the door) Yes, George. I want you to make this project a top priority.
They're in my office, right now.
Wow! What an, Entrance! (friendly, to George) And eh, who might this be?
Yessir. (he starts backing up to the door.)
...did you go down to payroll?
"You're a terrible liar George. Look at you, you're a wreck!. you're sweating bullets."
I understand.
Yes sir. (he starts backing up to the door.)
Oh yes, I read through it this morning. I couldn't have done it better myself, and I turned it right over to Mr Steinbrenner. Good work George.
What's this?
I'm here to clean the carpets. Most of the world is carpeted. And, one day, we will do the cleaning.
I have this... fun little assignment I think you'll enjoy. There's some reps in from the Houston Astros for talks on that interleague play... and I want you to show them a good time.(George acts like "ok, you're the boss")
Well, what's the problem? Now come on George. I told the big man you were moving on this. Now, don't let him down!
Really? Make sure he signs this. Oh, look George, if there's a problem with Morgan you can tell me.
Ah, Mr. Steinbrenner, you know, w-we've searched everywhere, th-there's no sign of him. n-n-Not even anyone who remotely fits his description, sir.
(from behind the closed door in the hallway)Yes sir.
About what?
"You look a little warm."
"Are you feeling all right George?"
I did?
Yessir?
I'm sorry to interrupt you, but Mr. Steinbrenner and I really want you to know we appreciate all the hours you've been putting in Oh, and, ah, confidentially, Sozonkel, our Assistant to the General Manger, hasn't really been working out. And the boss thinks you're the man for the job! So, keep it under your hat!
The gardener did a nice job planting the rose bushes, didn't he dear?
That's what I came to talk to you about. Great job George. (shakes George's hand) You really nailed it.
(proudly, to the man seated beside him) He's my protg.
Look, sorry doesn't cut it. We're running a ball club here George. You've got to pay attention.
"If anybody here knows anything about it I recommend strongly that...you come forward."
Ha ha ha ha ha, George, keep up the good work.
No, no. No, no, sir. I ordered George to drive around insulting people today. Because I'm tired of all your macho head games.
Isn't that Babe Ruth's uniform?
Yes Sir! (closes the door)
(confusion) Get started? I don't understand, George.
George!?
Yes sir.
Mr. Steinbrenner, I am very concerned about George Costanza.
Yes, well I trust things are moving smoothly. Mr Steinbrenner's counting on you, you know.
What, sir?
No no no sir. Well, you see, I don't think--
And you can tell the players that I reimburse the trainer for the cigarettes and the dive checks.
Now, George, you don't have to cover for him any more. He's going to be gone soon and I'm going to recommend you for his job.
Yes sir, yes sir. (Opening the door)
George...I think you may be taking work a little too seriously.
(puzzled) Uh, George, uh, did you call some carpet cleaners?
(from behind the closed door in the hallway) Yes Sir!
So...
(thinks for a moment) That's right. (pause) What's for dinner?
George, this is beautiful. Why didn't you tell me you were going to have it mounted like this?
I still want to know what happened to that birthday card? Now, Morgan, did you ever sign it?
Lemme think here.
You mean you haven't been to payroll?
(singing) Meet the Mets, meet the Mets. Come right out and greet the Mets.
George, we just got the final budget numbers. We went over budget on some of the items, but I don't think there's gonna be a problem. (hands over the budget file to a very annoyed George) I'll let you get back to work, George. (Mr. Wilhelm leaves the office)
I wanted to get fired. George, you are looking at the new head scout of the New York Mets.
(puts arm round George's shoulder) He's just being loyal to me, sir.
