Let's order lunch.
So you're just hiring new people now? That's your job, to hire people?
Hey, look at George. He's givin' it to T-bone. He's jumpin' up and down like some kind of monkey. Hey, what was the name of that monkey that could read sign language?
Not if you could see our books.. what's this?
Ok, good enough for me, Koko.
Your background is impressive George, but how does it apply to what we do here, at Kruger Industrial Smoothing?
Vemonous?
Who's Gammy?
Well, I'll be...you have lost a lot of hair.
George, take a look at this photo. This is taken 10 years ago. That mole looks exactly as it does today. So, there's no cause for concern, eh?
It says here that you worked at Play Now for four days?
So, how am I looking?
Works for me. Good thinking, George.
I don't know what it is, I can't put my finger on it, but lately you have just seemed 'on'. And you always leave me wanting more.
All me.
George, come in. I'm just going over our annual report...boy did we take it on the chin last year.
George, I got something for you. (Pulls a check from his pocket) I'm suppose to find a charity and throw some of the company's money at it. They all seem the same to me, so, what's the difference? (Hands the check to George)
George, I don't get it. If there's no Human Fund, those donation cards were fake. You better have a damn good reason why you gave me a fake Christmas gift.
All right, the Grace building. There's a big stain on the front. How do we get it off?
We can't have 2 Cocos. So I guess you're back to being George.
Alright, alright I'm going.
But there isn't.
I find your belief system fascinating.
You seem like you've got a pretty good handle on it.
It's K-uger!
Mary, I will have a chef's salad.
Goodnight everybody!
Whatever. (Walks off)
George, I have to honest; I could go either way with you...but what the hell, we need someone, huh.
I'm not too worried about it.
Yeah, you probably should.
Koko the monkey.
Watkins, you're havin' a T-bone?
(getting up to leave) Thank you George, you've been great. That's it for me.
K-uger, that sounds like one of those old-time car horns, huh? K-uger! K-uger!
Maybe there should be a Gammy.
How long have you been doing this Dr. Van Nostrand?
Well, then we should call you T-bone.
Ahem. Now, what's your name?
George? Check it out. (He begins to spin around in his chair) Three times around, no feet.
T-bone!
I don't care. Let's find you an office.
Made out to the Human Fund. (Tries to enter his office, but it's locked) Oh, damn. I've locked myself out of my office again. Oh well. I'm going home.
They're all off the project. They were boring. George, you are my main man.
(Sipping liquor from a flask) How about George?
Are you done? Silly voices, c'mon people, let's get real.
...And it gets worse. The team working on the statue in Lafayette Square kind of over-smoothed it. They ground the head down to about the size of a softball, and that spells trouble.
For lunch?
George.
According to our latest quarterly thing,Kruger Industrial Smoothing is heading into the red. Or the black, or whatever the bad one is. Any thoughts?
Are you making all this up, too?
Actually, funny thing about this photo. We were at the beach and there was this dumb looking guy near by. When he went in for a swim, my sons and I took all his stuff and threw it in the ocean! What a pear shaped loser.
