Yes, yes, we do need documentation or you know, people could take advantage.
(upset) Look! You were right, I was wrong! You don't have to humiliate me about it, alright!
Well, I could put it on reserve for you, if you'd like.
Yes, all you have to do is pay the full fare now, then return to any one of our counters with a copy of the death certificate, and we'll refund half your fare.
The guy with the... horse face... and the big teeth...
Here you are. (hands Elaine the cake box)
Hey, I had to draw that guy from memory. Considering, I think that's damn good.
Oh! Well, we have quite a few to pick from ( turns around and picks up a huge binder) They're arranged in order of price , the most expensive are in the front.
You're lucky Mrs. Benedict it's our last one.
(on phone) Oh. (he swaps the phone to his other ear) Oh, I see. (listens) Interesting. (listens) Well, that's quite a project. Alright, thank you.
Well, as far as the state of New York is concerned, you are.
(Noticing George with the rocking chair) Excuse me. Can I help you?
(blocking George) Hey, wait, hey. Excuse me, uh, you can't come back here.
Well, they are arranged according the price. And as I recall...(she flips the sample book all the way to the end.)
I thought you said you wanted to be out?
Ah, ``Rochelle, Rochelle''... "A young girl's strange, erotic journey from Milan to Minsk"...
Well, you didn't rewind it. There's a $2.00 charge for not rewinding.
Did Mr. Ross tell you to do this?
Do you want the Medium size or the middle size?
(apologetically) Ah, I'm sorry uh, that I doubted you. Whatever you need, just uh, make yourself at home.
Well, we have three sizes. Medium, Large, and Jumbo.
Well.. For one thing the glue isn't very adhesive. It takes a lot of moisture to make them stick.
Hmmm,..to tell you the truth they haven't manufactured that one for a number of years. I might have couple of boxes left in our warehouse in New Jersey. I'd have to check.
(on phone) Mr Wilhelm, uh, this is Lafarge in payroll. Uh, there's a Costanza here, says he's working on some project?
Here you go, airbrushed in to sand and sky.
(checks computer again) Cosmo Kramer. You *are* the Assman.
What is it a hundred? I can't change a hundred.
