Well, goodnight
Well, there was two outs, bottom of the tenth, we're one out away from losing the series.
Yeah there's a box spring but it's attached to the headboard and we'll have to take that apart. Then we got the couch.
I've always wanted to do what you do.
Well, I'm sorry you can't take that, no no no..
look guys, don't worry about it, I uh, Well I guess I better get going.
Maybe they should get together. [mind] Go ahead. Kiss her. I'm a baseball player dammit.
I'd love some.
Three inches thick. Got it in Italy. But the BIG problem is going to be the convertible sofa. You see when you move it it tends to open up so it's going to be real difficult getting it down the stairs.
Hello.
What's that?
Yeah. What's her story?
Nah, it's a brownstone. Three floors.
Really, you know my mom's one quarter Cajun.
or maybe just to get together for a cup of coffee
Excuse me. I don't want to disturb you, I'm Keith Hernandez and I just want to tell you what a big fan I am. I love your comedy.
Yeah, it was. [mind] Gosh, should I kiss her good night?
Better bring your gloves, it's freezing out there. It shouldn't take too long. I'd say maybe, oh, four hours. Really though, Jerry, there's not that much. First we got the bedroom, we got two dressers and the bed.
Yeah. Twelve pieces. <not clear> coffee table.
Hey, I didn't spit at you.
Goodnight. Oh, Jer, by the way, the woman we gave a ride to earlier tonight,
Can I help you?
Leave ...
Who's this chucker?
Well lookit, the way I remember it (back to the grainy 8mm film parody) I was walking up the ramp. I was upset about the game. That's when you called me pretty boy. It ticked me off. I started to turn around to say something and as I turned around I saw Roger McDowell behind the bushes over by that gravely road.  Anyway he was talking to someone and they were talking to you. I tried to scream out but it was too late. It was already on its way.
Ok guys, we gotta be careful of one thing. Some of the stuff's very fragile We're going to have to handle it like a baby.
I don't have to but I will.
Would you mind if I gave her a call?
Well, how about this Friday?
[mind] Come on I won the MVP in 79. I can do whatever I want to.
No should I [continuity error in fact he SHOULD from the basketball game]
YOU said, "Nice game, pretty boy."
Yeah.
You sure you don't mind?
Yeah, it really was.
(to Jerry) Do you perform anywhere in new York right now?
I love that bit about Jimmy Olson
I gotta move.
Look sweetheart I don't know who you are. I don't know what you're doing here. But...
[mind] I'm Keith Hernandez.
