You know Ron's Records down on Bleeker? They pay big cash for used records!
No, that's a fur coat! Hey, uh, give me a boost.
Hellooo Jerry. What a rare treat. What brings you down to the east wing?
Hey! What are you doing? It's after six o'clock! You can't give me a ticket! Hey, you're not gonna get away with this. I'll fight this. I got witnesses.
No sir. He did not. But only by thge grace of God. He's in the courtroom today
There's another way it can go down, and it's going down right now!
(Kissing the woman) Beauty .. and brains. (they nuzzle noses)
All right, I'm going to need a clean 8 ounce glass.
I was speaking earlier with Kramer and he mentioned something about a private jet to Paris?
It was a cinch. Where are you going?
Your Honor, I'm only trying to establish Mister Kramer's fragile emotional state, my entire case depends on it.
But you never became a banker, did you Mister Kramer? Why? Why did you fail?
Every night I sleep in a really hot room, I don't want to kill myself.
One winsome tulip we ceaselessly yearn for throughout our dreary, workaday lives! And you, my friend, have found your angel. I can tell. For my heart has also been captured by a breathless beauty - whom I fear I will never possess.
No, no, no. That's not gonna work. Something else.
You wanna know what happened to Kramer? I'll tell you what happened to Kramer. He was ticked off. About the keys. Yeah, that's right - about the keys. Thought he got a bad rap.
The mother of all mail days. And guess who signed up for the truck.
Great streak of luck I'm having. First, Kramer almost beat me at Risk but I narrowly escaped, and then Tim Whatley gives me his Super Bowl ticket.
But Jerry, we've got this new supervisor down at the post office. He's working behind this glass. I know they're talking about me. They're going to transfer me, I know it. Two hours, give me two hours.
What makes you think I'm lookin' for trouble?
Blast! There's no way I can handle 8 in addition to my ususal load of one! I'll never get to Hawaii! (Moves over to Jerry's couch, depressed) I'll be stuck in this apartment building forever! (Lays down on Jerry's couch) The dream is dead.
Don't you have a-a boyfriend? A, uh, burly, athletic type?
To Hawaii. The most sought-after postal route of them all. The air is so dewy-sweet you don't even have to like the stamps.. But it's not to be - So, I'm hanging it up.
I usually do. (Gets up to leave) See ya.
What keeps the water in there? I mean, why doesn't it disappear?
(breaking from his pose) Can I have some gravy?
(Yelling out to Rusty) Alright, pace yourself, 'Cause you're gonna have to do this all day for very little money.
Jerry, George. [To Kramer] So, did you ask him about the records?
You know, when you think about it, it's kind of silly for us both to pull this thing all t he way back uptown. I mean, after all, it is a conveyance.
Is this or is this not your signature?
You know I hear Mr. Steinbrenner can be a bit erratic. I would hate to see him when he's hungry.
Jerry, Jerry, Jerry, Jerry, Jerry, Jerry, Jerry, Jerry, Jerry.
(leaving) Oh, by the way, what are you doing for the Super Bowl?
You're telling how your parents pushed you into banking.
For I am in love with Svetlana, and I don't care if the whole world knows, except for Silvio, who would throw me out of the apartment, where I would be dancing on the sidewalk--
(a touch desperate) Ah, look, I..I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a US postal worker and my mail truck was just ambushed by a band of backwoods mail-hating survivalists.
Well, you should take a look at my rug then.
I can't sleep, I tell you! I can't sleep!
Oh, can I watch a little? Cuz it's my favorite movie.
Jerry wouldn't know delicate beauty if it bludgeoned him over the head.
Lately, though, I've been, uh, - I've been buying the generic brand of waxed beans. You know, I rip of the label I can hardly tell the difference.
So, which one of us is gonna pull?
Well, let me remind you of something. You wouldn't be here if it wasn't for me and my helmet. I saved your life! You would be dead! Dead! You would cease to exist! You would be gone for the rest of eternity! You wouldn't even begin to comprehend what that means!!
Hello Jerry. (to Kramer) What did you say to Elaine? I just got her cancellation in the mail.
What's the matter with you? I just talked to you fifteen minutes ago.
Kind of. I'm still collecting checks, I'm just not delivering mail.
I know how you feel. For I, too, have a woman for whom I pine.
I know exactly how he feels. Pleasure doing business with you. Do come again. Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Not so fast pretty boy. There is more to this sorted little affair.
(smugly) That is seven dollars and twenty-two cents better.
Hey, you want me to mail it? I'm on my way out anyway.
Take it or leave it!? We got *Al Jolson* here, *Al Jolson*!!
Then I turned and the spit ricochet of him and it hit me.
Do you really want to know what happened? I'll tell you what Happened. She wasn't my type.
He must have caught a glimpse of us when I poured that beer on his head.
(Cannot take this torture anymore) Baaaaaaaaarrhhhhhhhhhhh....I'm ripped with fleas ( scratches furiously)
(peering at bottle label) What is this 'MI, ten cents'?
(to Kramer) You shut up! (to judge) I demand a recess so I can take him outside and help him regain hius composure.
Gladly. (starts munching on the broccoli, then spits it out)
I know you know, but you don't know what I know.
(moving away from the counter getting closer to the door) Hello Jerry.
I just heard that a postman spotted a rickshaw down in Battery Park.
It's gorgeous water. (pause) Do we own Bermuda?
Why I didn't see you at Schindler's List with Jerry.
Hey, another round of strawberry for me and my friends.
Yes, I called you, you idiot! Because you were going to... You were going to... Remember?
And that failure to become a banker was eating at you. Eating-eating-eating at you inside.
You heard me. So he packed it up and split for the coast. La-La Land. L.A.
That was the Vice President of the post office. I didn't get the transfer.. They knew it wasn't me doing my route!
...it takes just as much man-power to deliver it as their precious little greeting cards...
Hey Jerry. Look at all the towels they gave me! I really hit the jackpot! (holding a large stack of towels, Newman pats his face with the top one) Ha, ha, ha.
(at the counter) Pair of bear claws please.
I hope you know what you're doing... (Kramer gives Newman a look of lack of confidence)
Because the mail never stops. It just keeps coming and coming and coming, there's never a let-up. It's relentless. Every day it piles up more and more and more! And you gotta get it out but the more you get it out the more it keeps coming in. And then the bar code reader breaks and it's *Publisher's Clearing House* day!!!
Yeah. I just hope Tim Whatley's electric bills don't suddenly get lost in the mail, or it could be lights out for him.
Well, I wouldn't hear of it. I said, "Nice try, granny!" And I sent her to the back of the line!
A banker! A banker! Your Honor, Your Honor, Your Honor...
Well, there is a little something you can do for me...
And therein lies the tragedy. For I believe, sadly for you, that there is but one woman meant for each of us. One perfect angel for whom we are put on this earth.
No! And no one will ever see you again!
Once I find a barber I stick with him. I almost went to barber school. I always felt I had a talent for it.
All right, all right. I'll help you but I will except something in return.
Well he really seemed to have his hands full if you know what I mean.
And, Kramer, you did provide a service in exchange for compensation. But, does the fee, once paid, not entitle the buyer to some assurance Of reliability? Hmm? Huh? Ahh. These were not easy questions to answer. Not for any man...
Nevertheless, sometime this afternoon, behind the Market Diner, an unmarked van will be waiting. I'm expecting the call at any time. Are you in?
Oh no. No no no no. I bought it from Kramer. He was hard up for cash. Fifty bucks! (he laughs) Can you believe it? Of course, I had to make some minor modifications, you know. Solid tires, reinforced seatpost, heavy duty shocks. But, baby, this is one sweet ride.
Well, you know how much those records are worth!?
Hello Jerry. Well, I may have a solution to our little problem. Elaine, would you excuse us?
Well, tootle loo. And nice seeing you again Margaret, goodbye Jerry. Have fun. Hehe
"Pam." I don't know the woman, but she sounds quite fetching.
(pushing past Kramer) Kramer, help me! Help me!
Look, sister, go get yourself a cup of coffee, all right? Beat it! (Pushes Elaine out the door and closes it) All right, now here's the lowdown. From a certain connection, I've been able to locate some black market shower heads. They're all made in the former Yugoslavia, and from what I hear the Serbs are fanatic about their showers.
(smug) As a matter of fact, I did.
Him and his little buxom friend Rachel were going at it pretty good in the balcony.
Oh well. Let me perfectly blunt. I don't care for you Costanza. You hang out at the west side of the building with Seinfeld all day and just it up wasting your lives.
Uh ah (stops her from closing the door; walks in) Having a nice trip? (walks over, grabs a junior mint, smells it then puts it in his pocket)
And a slice of pepperoni pizza and a large soda and three times a week I will require a canolie.
And yet, it's perfectly legal to take a man's soul and crush it out like a stale Pall Mall.
He's shipping us a rickshaw. It can't miss!
Hello, Jerry. Will he take it? I gotta go to work.
All my work, my planning, my genius. All for nought.
We're making a trade. I'm giving him my motorcycle helmet - he's giving me his radar detector.
(Strangling Kramer) What's the matter with you? We had it all worked out!
(Talking to another man) ...yeah he worked in the cubicle right next to me. We once double dated.
Alright, alright, back, savages. Back! I haven't made my wish yet..
(To his new girlfriend) You see, my dear, all certified mail is registered, but registered mail is not necessarily certified.
What, do I have to spell it out for ya? He was moving on her like the storm-troopers into Poland.
Well, I suppose if you got ten car lengths.
Ah, she just didn't do it for me.
No, no. I love strong cider. (for the farmer's daughter's benefit) I'm a big, strong, cider guy.
Those records are worth more than five dollars!
Hello, Jerry. Tim couldn't make it, he's in love. Isn't that wonderful?
I hope you realise what you've done. You've destroyed our whole venture.
Ah, don't worry about a thing. In twenty minutes that place'll be swarming with mailmen. We'll be back on the street by lunch.
You can't taste 'em . Why waste 'em . Why not give them all to me.
You dated her. Give me some inside information. Anything I can use!
Son of Sam. The worst mass murderer the post office ever produced.
It was your family that pushed you into banking , it was their dream for you...
Pilot? So what do you make for something like that? Fifty? Sixty thousand?
June 14, 1987.... Mets Phillies. We're enjoying a beautiful afternoon in the right field stands when a crucial Hernandez error to a five run Phillies ninth. Cost the Mets the game.
(singing) Nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-nine bottle and cans in the trunk, nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-nine bottles and cans. At ten cents a bottle and ten cents a can, we're pulling in five hundred dollars a man. Nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-eight bottle and cans in the trunk, nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-eight bottles and cans. We fill up with gas, we count up our cash!!...
I'm not beaten yet. I still have armies in the Ukraine.
I see many dogs on my mail route. I'll bet there's not one type of mutt or mongrel I haven't run across.
(interrogating Kramer) Mister Kramer, you heard the testimony so far. Would you please tell the court in your own words what happened on the afternoon of September 10th?
(laughing) Oh ho right. Well very nice seeing you folks and a by the way you didn't hear this from me. Tata (runs down the hallway laughing)
Banker! So you're killing yourself because your dreams of becoming a banker have gone unfulfilled. You-you-you-you can't live without being a banker.
Well, it's her mistake. Because she is going to miss the party of a lifetime.
I called in sick. I don't work in the rain.
We had an arguement about me going to Hawaii, and he locked onto my ankle like it was a soup bone. I'm hubbled! I don't think I can do my route - and they're awarding the transfer in two days!
Yes, yes. May I go? Cause I gotta go very badly.
Alright, go ahead and hit me, Seinfeld. I got witnesses.
Are you sure you know where the impound yard is?
Come on lets go. I got the helmet. Lets get the radar detector.
(Stands up) Too many people go their mail! Close to 80%. No body from the post office has ever cracked the 50% barrier! It's like the 3-minute mile!
(squeezing himself through the narrow space) Nothing, just being neighborly. Do you wanna hang out? Shoot the breeze?
I had gone up to Westchester. I go there every Tuesday. I do charity for the blind in my spare time for the Lighthouse. I was in the middle of a game of Parcheesi with an old blind man and I excused myself to call my friend as he was very depressed lately because he never became a banker.
... a man can really get some thinking done. (sits on couch, next to Kramer.)
(From outside the room) Kramer? Kramer? (Enters Jerry's bedroom) There you are.
Yes! A more offensive spectacle I cannot recall. Anyway I just really came up to get some detergent.
I believe the deal was that I get the calzones on my mail route. Well today I won't be going on my mail route! Will I. Perhaps tomorrow.
Well if you watch closely enough, you just might see me. I'll be the one waving to the camera from my seat on the forty yard line.
Yeah? Well, you bombed! That story stunk worse than these chairs!
Of course. Take your time. I be here.
All right. I'm going in. Keep the motor running.
(mouth full) It's delicious mutton. This is uh, this is outta sight. I would, I would love to get the recipe. It's very good.
Fleas? Bwa ha ha ha ha .That's preposterous. How can I , give you fleas. Now if you don't mind...
Oh yes, in fact I still have family there. This probably won't interest you, but I have a cousin there who's suffering very badly. She's lost all use of her muscles. She can only communicate by blinking. I would so love to see her - bring a ray of sunshine into her tragic life. But alas, I can't afford it, for I am, as you know, but a simple postal worker.
If I'm curt, then I appologize. But as I understand it, we have a situation here and time is of the essence.
What you need me in the car for?
Is it?! Ohhh, well if only you'd known, you could have saved some time and given it directly to me! Ha ha ha.
I don't care. It was good. I was enjoying it. Had to interfere. Couldn't leave well enough alone. Well, I will get even with you for this. You can count on it.
Damn you Seinfeld. You useless pustule. Um, somebody's got something on the griddle. maybe it's Kramer.
(Stands up and Sputtering loudly) Kramer! I'm with people.
Oh, Mother's Day. (inspiration strikes) Wait a second. Mother's Day?!
I have a carpet sweeper you can use.
We had a deal. Are you reneging out of the deal? Are you reneging? That's a renege.
Tuesday has no feel. Monday has a feel, Friday has a feel, Sunday has a feel....
Look, I don't have time to explain every little thing to you.
I wanna learn. I want to know why.
(on the phone in his apartment with a Bald head) Not for a while.
Well, it would take a hell of a lot. Because a friend is something you earn.
Sorry. But love is spice with many tastes. A dizzying array of textures...and moments.
But, on the week before holidays, we see a surge. On alentine's Day, we send two trucks. On Christmas, four, packed to the brim. And tomorrow, if history is any guide, will see some spillover into a fifth truck.
Don't despair, my friend. (Newman walks in front of Kramer and trips over his feet. Again.) I won't allow your love to go unrequited. Not like mine.
Are you married right now? (points at Jerry)
The reverse peepholes. Silvio said I'm an agitator and I'm out of the building.
Just to tell me to keep off the snacks!
It's the romance of the Handsome Cab without the guilt or dander of the equine.
Mmm. You present an interesting dilemma. Each of you seemingly has a legitimate claim to the bicycle, and yet the bicycle can have only one rightful owner. Quite the conundrum. As a federal employee, I believe the law is all we have. (getting worked up) It's all that separates us from the savages who don't deserve even the privilege of the daily mail. (angry) Stuffing parcels into mailboxes where they don't belong!!...
Elaine's down there causing all kinds of commotion. Somehow she got a hold of his recipes and she says she's gonna drive him out of business! The Soup Nazi said that now that his recipes are out, he's not gonna make anymore soup! He's moving out of the country, moving to Argentina! No more soup, Jerry! No more for of us!
(sobbing) Yes, it's been awful. I wanted to tell somebody. (pleading) Help me Kramer! Help me!
[In Kramer's ear] The old coot's sittin' on a mountain of gold!
That guy thought we were a couple of total squares.
We gotta find that rickshaw. You check the sewers and dumpsters. I'll hit the soup kitchens, bakeries, and smorgasbords.
Hey, hey maybe I should go with him?
I dont care much for the beach. I freckle. . . . Is that a,..
South America?! (to Jerry) What kind of snow blower you get us mixed up with?
You know, old friend, sometimes I ponder this silly gulf between us and I say, "Why?" Are we really so different. For what is--
Yeah well, the budget changed, you know. I mean, it might be a good investment.
It was because you hated your father and you would do anything to displease him. Isn't THAT true?
Cancel! (jumps to feet) Think again, longshanks! I started planning this in nineteen seventy-eight. I put a deposit down on that revolving restaurant that overlooks Times Square, and I booked Christopher Cross.
Yes I am, a guy on my mail route just got a couple of tickets and he offered one to me.
Wait a minute. You mean you get five cents here, and ten cents there. You could round up bottles here and run 'em out to Michigan for the difference.
Oh, well it's a good thing for Jerry that you didn't go.
It looks like your breaking into it like an otter breaking into a clad.
Can't do it. I'm on an unbelievable birthday-wish hot streak! My last five birthday wishes came true.
Quite frankly, I don't see how it's any of your business.
I hope he stays this happy when he wakes up.
Hey, you know this is kind of fun.
I did invite you. Your invitation must've gotten ... lost in the mail.
Not going to play ball. Huh all right. Admit it that stereo was all ready busted.
I'm homeless! I'm gonna be out on a street corner, dancing for nickels. I'll be with the hobos in the trainyard, eating out of a bucket.
Yeah, just the way that I was raised. I'm special.
The courthouse. You gotta go with me to the courthouse. I'm contesting a ticket today.
That's good stuff, and you can never have too much ice. Alright, I'll tell you what I'll do. You can co-host the party with me, under one condition. No Jerry. Jerry is not invited.
(reluctant) You don't wanna do your... act, or anything, do you?
Jerry! What could she possibly see in Jerry? (Walks in front of Kramer and trips over his feet.)
Are you going to give me back that helmet or not?
Stop it, George, stop it. I was defending your parking.
Yes. It's called mail fraud. Oohhhh. How I've longed for this moment Seinfeld. The day when I would have the proof I needed to hall you out of your cushy lair and expose to the light of justice as the monster that you are. A monster so vile.....
You gave me a defective detector. ... Jerry?
Gentlemen, gentlemen. I am so happy to see you both. There is just some inconsistencies I'd like to straighten out.
What kind of dog did you say it was?
When the cop stopped me, I told him that I was rushing home because my friend was about to commit suicide.
I'll handle this, Violet. Why don't you take your three hour break? Oh, calm down, everyone. No one's cancelling any mail.
There's no need to get excited. Can't we discuss this like gentlemen?
You're in trouble, Kramer. I shouldn't even be talking to you, but I'm telling you as a friend. Here's how it's going to happen you may be walking. Maybe on a crisp, autumn day just like today. When a mail truck will slow beside you, and a door will open, and a mailman you know, maybe even trust, will offer to give you a lift.
Uh, you, uh, you better put something on.
Hello, Jerry. Say, this yogurt is really something, huh? And it's non-fat! I've been waiting for something like this my whole life! And it's finally here!
All right! All right. I wont say anything.
Hey Kramer, those have wholesale value! We could cut our losses.
Easy, Jerry. Steady. You wouldn't want to lose your cool at a time like this.
I don't know. The man makes a pretty strong bird.
And then, just as I'm about to go, these boxes show up at the post office with no labels. No labels, Jerry. You know what that means? Freebies!! I got this great mini-TV and a VCR, oh it's unbelievable.
You see, it'd been his lifelong dream to be a banker and he uh, just the day before he was turned down by another bank. I believe it was the Manufacturer's Hanover on Lexington and 40th Street. That was the third bank to turn him down so I was-I was a little concerned. I wanted to see how he was doing. Well, Your Honor, he was barely audible. But I distinctly recall him say...
Kramer you might as well run along. Jerry might be a while. Suspicion of mail fraud.
Look, you said the one in the second courtyard. He was in the second courtyard.
Clean? Hardly. This looks like a man that isn't happy with his stereo performance.
You gotta go with me. I mean, you-you're my alibi. You have to take the stand.
Hmm, that job sounds like it might be worth a year's free haircuts. And a comb.
I HAD a girlfriend and she was pretty wild.
You just got it? Damn, the mail is slow.
Hey, don't listen to him. I mean, we can't afford a detour. Our budget won't hold it.
Hey, we got ten thousand deposit bottles here. I mean, this guy could be going to Arkansas.
Ahh! This is very much as I imagined it to be. Aside from this rattan piece, which seems oddly out of place.
Hey, hey, hey. (to Jerry) I hear you've got some lip reader working for you. You gotta let me use her for one day. Just one day.
So what? Do you know whose mailbag that is?
Reversed?! (Kramer comes hobbling out of the doctors office in pain, after having a vasectomy of his own, and exits. Jerry and Newman look at each other, and bolt for the door themselves.)
He's giving away what's left! I gotta go home and get a big pot!
Alright then, I guess I can accept a little Jerry, if it gets me a (suggestive) lot of Elaine.
No, no, no, no no. Listen to me. Most days, the post office sends one truckload of mail to the second domestic regional sorting facility in Sagenaw, Michigan.
Excuse me Miss Weaver, OH! My god it is you! I.. I've seen your show six times..
(To Rusty) Alright, uh, take it down to the end of the block. Make a controlled turn, and bring her back. Let's see what you've got! Ok? Ready, and go!
All right! But hear me and hear me well - The day will come. Oh yes, mark my words, Seinfeld - your day of reckoning is coming. When an evil wind will blow through your little playworld, and wipe that smug smile off your face. And I'll be there, in all my glory, watching - watching as it all comes crumbling down.
Twenty bucks?!? Are you out of your mind?
Because I don't, never have, anything I read was already open.
June 14th, 1987. Mets Phillies. You made a big error. Cost the Mets the game. Then you're coming up the parking lot ramp.
I cant eat fruit. It makes me incontinent.
Aahh! You're great,It's great, It's so great to see a show that's (looks at Jerry) about something.
We'll pay anything. We've got the (hands a wad of money to Kramer) What about Jerry?
Hey, we can't follow him, we're going north to Michigan.
A second later, something happened that changed us in a deep and profound way front that day forward.
You know, those mail bags, they get mighty heavy. I uh, I Nautilus, of course. (puffs out his chest)
So we could put the bottles in a U-haul. You know, go lean and mean?
(from the corner of the Yogurt shop) Hey, Jerry. Thanks a lot. I hope you're happy.
...But, you must promise That you will abide by my decision, no matter how unjust it may seem to either of you. Do I have your word?
How much longer you gonna be, I'm starving here.
That he may be. But he's outta my life, starting in the year two-thousand. For me, the next millennium must be, Jerry-free!
You've come at a bad time now. Could you come back later?
Hey! You're not dumping those bottles back there, are you?
With your looks and my words, we'll have built the perfect beast. (Kramer claps him on the shoulder, then goes to the other side of the aisle to talk to Pam.)
(to Kramer) That's where my missing soda is.
You are nothing but a piece of crap.
Exactly. You're a disgrace to the uniform. (Newman takes off Jerry's mailman hat. Jerry turns his head in shame. Newman then tears the post office badge from Jerry's coat)
Because right now, I'm the only chance you've got. (Newman giggles nervously. Jerry makes Newman flinch, and his giggling is choked off.)
I WANT MY HELMET BACK! GIVE ME BACK MY HELMET AND YOU'RE GOING TO PAY FOR THAT TICKET.
We have some questions we'd like you to answer.
Oh, don't you? Joke boy? You really think you can manipulate that beautiful young woman like the half-soused nightclub rabble that lap up your inane "observations"?
It's pretty hot under these lights huh Seinfeld. Pretty....... Hot .
Well, I hear it's quite beautiful there this time of year, and of course you know I'm one-quarter French.
So , you have fleas. Maybe you keep your house in a state of disrepair. Maybe you live in squalor.
Yes, sir, I believe everything is all squared away. Isn't it, Mr. Kramer?
I took over his route. And boy, were there a lot of dogs on that route.
(seeing postal security officials walking towards Kramer) Quick! Get in!
Now, you're that firend. Now, all we need is a reason why you were going to commit suicide.
Well, you've both presented very convincing arguments. On the one hand, Elaine, your promise was given in haste. But was it not still a promise? Hmm?
Oh, how I've waited for this moment. But alas, my heart belongs to another man's wife, and I have given the coat to her.
Maybe we could uh, stop for a snack.
Well, it's-it's interesting work, I don't mind it.
Not so fast, Elaine! Only the bike's true owner would rather give it away than see it come to harm. Kramer, the bike is yours!
The bank. What about your cards and letters?
(Thinks for a moment) I guess you're right. It's just walking around putting it into boxes..
All right. Then let me ask you this. Didn't you find it interesting that your friend had the foresight to purchase postal insurance for your stereo. Huh. I mean parcels are rarely damaged during shipping.
Jerry, you better stop her or Ill tell.
(to Kramer) You wanna know why you can't go in front first? I'll tell you why. because it signals a breakdown in the social order. Chaos. It reduces us to jungle law.
A radar detector, as I understand it, DETECTS RADAR! WITH A SERIES OF BEEPS AND FLASHING LIGHTS. But oddly, for some reason I didn't hear a thing except for the sound of a police siren.
This photo clearly indicates your involvement in some ill-conceived mail order pornography ring.As does this one found in the same disturbing packet.
(Sinister) All right, all right. All right you go ahead. You go ahead and keep it secret. But you remember this. When you control the mail, you control... information.
Well, you'll never guess what happened to me today. I was uh, driving ( Jerry and Kramer turn away) home on the palisades parkway when I looked in the rear view mirror and what did I see? The fuzz. And it's funny because my new radar detector was on. I didn't hear a thing. Isn't that strange?
He did it right in this bed, Martin. Right in front of you.
Aww, c'mon, pull over, pull over will ya.
Oh no. Don't tell me. You're gambling again, aren't you? Oh you weak, weak man. Where are you?
Well, ELAINE, There's any number of things I could do. But, I can promise you this, though, this vicious beast will never bother you again. So, what's it going to be?
(Pondering Kramer's plan out loud) They do have an intimate knowledge of the street..
Well, h ha ha- if you're happy with her, that's all that matters.
All right, it's true! Of course nobody needs mail. What do you think, you're so clever for figuring that out? But you don't know the half of what goes on here. So just walk away, Kramer. I beg of you.
Well why do we have to keep this from Jerry?
Aaah! Aaagh! Aah-aah. Oh, oh the humanity! Aaagh!
(sings) You're once. Twice. Three times a lady.
Uncle Leo? This case is closed pending further evidence. Jerry.
