What's that figure ahead? Is that anything? Okay, let's check the desk. That's where I heard the ticking. Search each one of those drawers starting with the top one. So, empty calories and male curiosity, eh, Georgie?
A lot more work you know.
Ah, come in George, come in.
Hey you kids know tunes; see if this song rinSTEINBRENNER a bell, "Heartbreaker , . . . "
Costanza here is busting his ass on those hats.
Hey, how 'bout some lunch. What're you going for?
Yes, yes, come in.
Let me ask you something, George. You having any personal problems at home? Girl trouble, love trouble of any kind?
Uh, Wilhelm gave me this project you worked on.
I couldn't look at a donut for the next two years. Well not that I was ever one for the sweets.
Good, Merry Christmas George. And bring me back some of those cigars in the cedar boxes, you know the ones with the fancy rings? I love those fancy rings. They kind of distract you while you're smoking. The red and yellow are nice. It looks good against the brown of the cigar. The Maduro, I like the Maduro wrapper. The darker the better, that's what I say. Of course, the Claro's good too. That's more of a pale brown, almost like a milky coffee. (George exits) I find the ring size very confusing. They have it in centimeters which I don't really understand that well...
All right George, you can handle that.
We gotta get back to business!
Compartments underneath, that's probably where it is. Okay boys, let 'er rip. I'll tell you what George. Starting tomorrow no more desks. Just Lucite tables and four leSTEINBRENNER.
I'll tell you, if you wanna get something wild goin'on in your life, you get a girl and bring her to one o'these things. Just like 4 shots a wild turkey. (laughs) She'll think you're Hopalong Cassidy. (George starts sliding, until he gets all his head -and glasses- under water, as Steinbrenner keeps talking) A show, about that Mickey Mantle, wasn't it? You know we used to talk. I don't think he liked me very much, you know.
How're you enjoying it, George? Melts that tension away, doesn't it? You gotta get that jet on the good spot. Oh. Oh. Uh. Uh. Yes, that feels good. Yes, that's real good. Oh yeah, that's where I keep all my tension. Right down to that chicken bone. Sometimes I get my wife to just stuck her thumb right in there like a screwdriver. Ya know, the Phillips head, not the flat one. Oh God, those flat ones frustrate me. You got it in, but it slips out. You put it in again, slips out again. You a single man, George?
Okay, come on boys, come on in here. George, this is Herb and Dan.
You can stop kowtowing to Morgan. Congratulations, you got his job.
we can't grieve forever!
But, you still have your old job. Of course, we'll have to dock you for the time you missed. We're running a ball club here. If I give special treatment to you, everyone will want it. Next thing you know its chaos! And I can tell you this, (George closes the door) chaos does not work for the New York Yankees! Not as long as I'm running the show!
Good morning to you, Wilhelm.
How 'bout a 'good morning'?
You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to run around the stadium and close all the windows. That's where I'm going, pal. And I'll tell you something else. I'm very nervous.
You know what I think? I think you knew about that bomb ahead of time.
We wanna look to the future, we gotta tear down the past. Babe Ruth was nothing more than a fat old man, with little-girl legs. And here's something I just found out recently. He wasn't really a sultan. Ah, what d'you make of that? Hey, check this out. (he stands to reveal he's wearing baseball pants) Lou Gehrig's pants. Not a bad fit. (a thought occurs) Hey, you don't think that nerve disease of his was contagious, do you? Uh, I better take 'em off. I'm too important to this team. (removes the pants to reveal his boxers) Big Stein can't be flopping and twitching.
Wilhelm, you're fired. I owe you an apology, body-suit man. Streak on. (rising) Now, if you gentlemen'll excuse me, I'm not going to the game today, I'm gonna go outside and scalp some tickets. (heads toward the door) Owner's box, that's gotta bring in forty bucks, no problem.
Are you seeing a psychiatrist? Bcause I got a flash for you young man, you're non compos mentis! You got some bats in the belfry!
Just let me ask you something. Is it "February" or " February"? Because I prefer "Febuary" and what is this "ru"?
Well what do you want instead?
Well, Buhner was a good prospect, no question about it. But my baseball people love Ken Phelps' bat. They kept saying 'Ken Phelps, Ken Phelps'.
I heard about what happened at the meeting this morning...
Find him, Wilhelm!
(to himself) With this magnifying glass, I feel like a scientist.
Oh we all get a little cuckoo sometimes George, I used to be like you. Rating personnel 'till they cried, calling managers on the field during a game, threatening to move the team to New Jersey, just to upset people. Then I found a way to relax. I've got two words to say to you, George hot tub. (George looks at him, puzzled)
They're gonna take you away to a nice place where you can get some help. They're very friendly people there. My brother-in-law was there for a couple of weeks. The man was obsessed with lactating women. They completely cured him, although he still eats a lot of cheese.
"Heatbreaker, Brewbaker, " Hey George, I remember that tune. George? George? Um, what's that ticking. Oh oh. Oh, oooh,wo wo wo wo . [runs out] fire in the hole!
He had one little problem though.
Yes, George, come in, come in. George, word up's you've been cracking under the pressure. Can't cope, can't stand the heat. Spit the bit.
Yes, that's right, he was good kid - a lovely boy. Shared his calzone with me - that was a heck of a sandwich, wasn't it, Georgie?
Well, you're the terrorist. You're going to want something.
???? about that bomb. You climbed under that desk because you have ESP. George, what's on my mind? . . . Meatballs! Huh? Unbelievable. Anyway this terrorist had a specific demand. Not more cheap adjustable hats on hat day. He wants fitted hats just like the players wear.
Macho head games?
You could be invaluable to this franchise. George, there's a southpaw down there nobody's been able to get a look at; something Rodriguez, I don't really know his name. You get yourselfdown to Havana right away.
What is this? A birthday card. Ha ha . . . signed by the ENTIRE Yankee organization! . . . This could be worth something.
He was a communist. Thick as they come. Like a big juicy steak.
Boy can you think of what went through my mind when I saw there wasn't going to be enough room under that desk for me and my babies.
Yes yes George. Can you talk to me for a second? Of course you can -- Im a very accessible man. I just wanted to say you're doing great work on that Canola oil stuff.
Oh, well, send them in. Send the little tykes in.  little people .. pony express  wow,
I had a bout of that myself one time -- knocked me right on my ass.
You are Mr. and Mrs. Costanza?
What're you talking about, Wilhelm. You popping pills? You got the crazies again?
You know George, it struck me today me that a Communistpipeline into the vast reservoir of Cuban baseball talent could be thegreatest thing ever to happen to this organization.
Alright, Wilhelm, listen to me. I want the stadium scoured. He could be bleeding to death in the bullpen.
You know, she'd be better off making a sandwich at home and bringing it in. (picks up the telephone hand set) Hello, ah, George will you excuse me.
Of course. Of course it got done. Things get done all the time, I understand. (as George disappears) Don't worry, your job'll be waiting for you when you get back. (banging his fist on his desk) Get better George. Get better!
Um, I'm stuck on this song yesterday. I can't seem to get it out of my head. I don't know the name of that. "She's a heart breaker, love taker . . ..Oh. Oh" . . .very catchy. You know what? I can't stay awake for that guy. What is this? People? Um, the most beautiful people people. Ally Selica, Nothing wrong with that uh?
He's dead! ca-Costanza's dead!
Back to Business Wilhelm!
Stop it George, he's out, you're in.
Uh huh, I understand what you're saying George and I know what it's like to be financially strapped. When I was a young man in Cleveland I use to hitchhike to work. One time I got picked up by a bakery truck. You think that stuff smells good? Try being cooped up in the back of one of those babies.
Costanza what the hell are you doing?
Mrs. Costanza?
You know as painfull as it is I had to let a few people go over the years. Yogi Berra, Lou Pinella, Bucky Dent, Billy Martin, Dallas Green, Dick Houser, Bill Virdon, Billy Martin, Scott Marrow, Billy Martin, Bob Lemmon, Billy Martin, Gene Michael, Buck Showalter,  uh, tut!, . . .George, you didn't hear that from me. (George exits) . . . George!
Sure I like a cup cake every now and then, like everybody else. You know I like it when they have a little cream on the inside, it's a surprise. That's good, plus the chocolate ones are good too. Sometimes I just cant even make up my mind. A lot of times Ill mix the two together, make a vanilla fudge.
Of course you didn't George. Of course you didn't write it.
That's what they call me.
Grubs, huh? Gotta admit, I never tasted one of those.
A bomb in the building, oh, m'god. Quick, everyone under the desk.
Not much more money. But you'll finally get the recognition you deserve.
George, I've read this report. It's very troubling, very troubling indeed. It's a sick mind at work here.
Yes, George, please, come in, come in.
...and I have to tell you, it's exactly what this organisation needed.
Find out where his parents live.
A lot more responsibility. Long long hours.
I heard what you did in the parking lot, big boy, and it is in-excuse-a-bull. You personally insulted me, my staff... I cannot believe that you, body-suit man, could perpetrate such a disloyalty. Breaks my heart to say it... Oh, who am I kidding? I love it. You're fi...
Costanza? Where's Costanza? . . . Excus mois? Have you seen Costanza?
What about drugs? You doing some of that crack cocaine? You on the pipe?
What's that cost her, like, two and a quarter? ($2.25)
Is that a fact George?
Yes George, I did. Come in, come in. George, the wordaround the office is that you're a Communist.
Well, don't tell it to me George, tell it to the new Assistant to the General Manager.
What is with these people, all day long. Come in, come in.
Thanks for the card. I loved it. Gosh it made me feel good. You know, word has it that you were the brains behind the whole thing.
You don't want them, then goodbye.
Oh my God. Do you know what this means, Wilhelm?
My name is George Steinbrenner, I'm afraid I have some very sad new about your son.
What is with this guy? I've been waiting three and a half hours. Should I go? No way Jack! ??? at the registrar again, I'll tell you that.
Ah, Wilhelm.
Oh, as quickly as he came here, he's gone. The poor little guy! Easy. Easy, big Stein, get it together. Ok, Wilhelm.
Come in, come in.
Well, he'd been logging some pretty heavy hours, first one in in the morning, last one to leave at night. That kid was a human dynamo.
Well, once you were dead, we couldn't just sit on our hands. We had to make a move...
