Urgh.. these are so cheap. (as George leaves) And don't forget tommorrow we're going shopping for some rings, so don't make any plans...and this time we're not skimping.
(spotting an inconsistency) Wait a minute. I thought that Art wanted to give up the exporting.
Well, as a backup system, in case the lock is broken, you can see if it's taken.
Well I was telling Carrie about our argument, and when I told them the name, they just loved it.
Well, I don't see why you just can't use condoms.
Oh, the Lowers want to get together with us on Friday night.
I'm sorry. (laughing it off) I feel like an idiot.
Oh, I'm just moving in some more of my stuff.
So, listen to this. But don't tell anyone - Jerry Seinfeld? He got a woman's number off an AIDS walk list.
Oh whoo. Quite the DColletage for a suffragette.
GEORGE, you coming to bed? I'm taping Mad About You.
(Going back to the living room) Oh, get outta here..
[in babying voice] Because you love your little kiki don't you?
Is that one of the cigars my father gave you? (Susan is pulled from the apt. and Kramer looks out the door to watch them leave)
No. Out of the question. I don't want any women ushers at my wedding and while we're on the subject, Kramer is not an usher either.
Oh, um, before I forget, . . . Cuban cigars. It's a present from my father.
Excuse me. (Answer the door. It's her doorman, Raymond, carrying a burnt box) Hello, Raymond.
Well be-because you know that, because this is your first show it's a pretty standard deal.
(disappointed)All right. You see what I do for you.
Ah, you're a writer. You'll think of something.
Hey. (glances at TV) Hey what're you watching? What is that? My Cousin Vinnie?
What, are you crazy? They hated it. They were just humouring you.
Hey, I gotta get some cash, I'm gonna run down to the ATM.
I'm excited. Oh, you're going to love this cabin. My grandfather built it in 1947. It's it's incredible.
No, fine. If you wanna keep talking about it, we'll talk about it.
Say, so what kind of a bubble? Like an igloo?
You know what's going on? First, he vomits on me. Then, he burns down my father's cabin. And now, he's taken Mona away from me.
You didn't realize? How could you not realize? You're stupid! You're a stupid, stupid man!
(Accepts the box) Oh, thank you. (As the doorman leaves, she turns to Jerry and George) Wow, I've never seen this before.. (Opens the charred box) Oh, they're letters. (Hands the box to George) Here.
I just don't know what she sees in *Kramer*.
I just want you to know that I love your son very much.
Hello? (with hesitant surprise) Oh, that sounds great. I love that sort of stuff.
Who would bring a bread and take it back?
Turn it off. You're making me jealous. I'm gonna think you like her more than you like me.
(Now gestures to an old woman in a wheelchair) And this is my Aunt, Sara.
Ha.Ha.Ha. ha...You don't have any money. I make more money than you do. ha. ha. ha. Yeah.. give me the papers I'll sign 'em.( she leaves) a pre-nup...
I'll get it for you; just give me your card.
I want to know why you took my doll out of the house.
Because, it's part of our relationship, it's an indication of trust. We're not supposed to keep secrets from one another.
So, have you picked out a name yet?
Oh, there was some problem with the plane, they landed in Philadelphia.
Well, maybe it's so you can see if there's someone in there.
George, of course, of course it can wait until march if that is what you want.
You don't know what I use for birth control, do you?
Elaine, where could he be? It's not like George to just disappear.
He decided not to come. He said he was uncomfortable.
What's going on? What's going on? I'll tell you what's going on. I'm fired!
Hey! What're you watching? (looks at TV) Only You? That's another Marisa Tomei movie, and you've seen that one too. (jokingly) What, d'you have a thing for her?
Ok, thanks. Come on in for a second. (They move into the living room. Susan gestures to a man sitting on the couch reading the paper) This is my brother, Ricky. He's home from college for the weekend.
(dead serious) Are you having an affair with George?
(Calling out) Oh, I put up my doll collection..
Yeah, I know who he is. (laughs) You're not Ted Danson.
Yeah, I know. We talked all about that.
Yeah, you stuff your sorries in a sack, mister.
Look, they have it in blue...for my baby bluey. Are you my baby bluey?
Hi. Hey I've been going over the list .What about The Drake? Wanna invite him?
Oh no-no, it's okay. *comment from transcriber yeah, she doesn't want to be paid, didn't she send the bill?*
Jerry got her phone number off of an AIDS walk list? Oh, that's awful!
I thought you two guys were working today.
Daddy, there's, um, there's something that we have to talk to you about..
I thought you saw that before. How come you're watching that again?
He said, "We've got five hundred shows to choose from. Why should we give two guys, who have no idea, and no experience, more money?"
No, no. That's not the guy. That's a different guy.
Well, it's alright, I'm your fiance. Everyone assumes you'll tell me everything.
Yeah... A lot of nudity in that, huh?
Oh, just forget that we ever talked. Okay?
Because I have to be able to trust you... If I can't trust you then there's no way that this can work.
I just don't think we have anything in common.
I didn't even know she was dating anyone.
Oh, don't be ridiculous! Is that what you wanted to talk to me about? [Gives him the $35] Here.
I dunno how much cachet it had to begin with.
All right George. (She puts the red shirt up to him again) What do you think?
I've been doing a lot of thinking about the wedding and all. and uh (George puts his head down and his hand on her shoulder as if to brace himself for something big) I've decided to go with the chicken.
Oh, it was on the windshield of the car when we came out of that rest stop.
(Chuckles as she opens up one of the letters. She reads it) "Dear Henry, last night with you was bliss. I fear my.. orgasm (She now has everyone's attention) has left me a cripple. I don't how how I shall ever get back to work.. (Jerry and George make odd faces as Susan is still concentrating on the notes) I love you madly, John. (Pause) P.S. Loved the cabin." (George nods, and Jerry gives a "Oh, of course" reaction)
Oh, don't park. I'll just sit in the car, you can run in.
Did you know Marisa Tomei won an Oscar for that? Boy, she's beautiful, don't you think? I wish I looked like that.
Well, the - the cabin, is, kind of, uh.. George?
Well, I dunno how original it's gonna be any more.
George, you just met him. Don't say anything to him.
Are you and Jerry in complete agreement on this?
(to Hallie) Mmm, mm, mm. Hallie (points to her plate) taste this fish. It's really delicious.
Renting a video! What do you got there?
Oh, I know what I wanted to tell you.
Well you know, if you need some more. I can get them for ya.
(to each other while they recognize one of George's behaviors in Michael) George!
Can I talk to you for a minute?
Well you know, all you guys ever do is sit around the coffee shop talking, sit around Jerry's apartment talking. Frankly, I don't know how you can stand it. Ill see you.
Ohh, because he said that he had to talk with you earlier about some problem that you were having.
If you don't want to marry me, George, just say so. (crying) Say so.
Wait a minute, This is right on the way to the cabin.
Oh, he's impossible to shop for uncle Ned.
I'll see ya. And George, by the way... You stink... Real bad.
Oh, I?m so excited, now we get to see the opera together.
I can tell you, I would never name my child Soda.
Well from now on I'll keep you apprised of my cycles.
Yeah, that's the way Russell is. He doesn't like to play games.
Nah! He's too weird he'd fall or something. He'd ruin the whole ceremony.
Well, I didn't think that it had any momentum.
(also angry) Oh no it is not! No child of mine is ever going to be named Seven!
Hi. (pointedly) So, George, what does Art Vandelay import?
And here's your card back. Anyone for Bosco?
Oh, do you think he'll ever find her again?
(to Hallie) What do you think about having fish for the wedding?
I can't believe it, I?m so glad I caught you.
Give it to me. (She rips it open.) Come on. Come on!
Kramer! Kramer! Kramer, open up, I know you're in there!
(tossing her purse on the dash) I told you to take the offer.
(walks in) Hi sweety How was your day?
Because you kissed me. You kissed me, you stupid idiot! Rita called Russell and he fired me over the phone.
(standing) Uh, Elaine, I have to ask you a question.
And you didn't expect me to be holding hands with a woman.
Oh, I used to love to sleep with my dolls when I was a little girl..
You know, I really like those new jeans Jerry was wearing. He's really thin.
I can't! I love the sponge! I need the sponge!
Oh! no. George that's so ugly we don't want that.
You know, I really like Sheila a lot.
Why? He's a 31. I saw the tag on the back.
I don't know, George. I'm still worried about this car thing.
