Do you know what a balm is? Have you ever seen a balm? Didn't you read the instructions?
Susie, call Dr. Bison, set up an appointment for Mr. Kramer, tell him it's for me.
Now when you took a sip, did you notice it was hot? Were you able to sip it in your normal fashion?
And they made the top. You didn't make the top did you?
Oh no.
I've been wanting a piece of them for years.
No top? She didn't have a top on?
(To secretary over intercom) Suzie. I want you to go down to Java World. Get me a cafe latte with a top. (To Kramer) We're gonna run some test on that top. Have you been to the doctor?
No further questions, your honor.
I tell you what this is. This is a public humiliation.
20 years practicing law I've never experienced anything like this.
This is the most public yet of my many humiliations.
And you have also brought with you, another bra, (goes over to the table and pulls a bra out of a bag) exactly like, the one that she so flagrantly exhibited herself in!
No, no, no, no!
A pow-wow? Who told you to have a pow-wow? I didn't tell you to have pow-wow.
Miss Wilkie, your tobacco company has turned this beautiful specimen, into a horrible twisted freak.
You better believe it. Jackie's cashin' in on your wretched disfigurement.
Then what happened?
Mr. Seinfeld, I might remind you that you are under oath. Now I ask you again, did you or did you not, see this woman wearing a bra?!?
Now did you put the top on or did they put the top on for you?
Did that cigarette warning label mention anything about damage to your appearance?
The who? What are you talking about Maestro?
How much?
So we got an attractive woman, wearing a bra, no top, walkin' around in broad daylight. She's flouting society's conventions!
Free coffee?
I don't want free coffee. It's not hard to get coffee. I can get my own
Well would you tell this jury exactly what you saw at the corner of 83rd Street and Columbus?
Well Kramer, I think we got this wrapped up.
Do we have a chance? You get me one coffee drinker on that jury, you gonna walk outta there a rich man.
(Agreeing) Hm Hm. Oh what is that like Italian coffee?
Oh. (hesitantly) Cosmo Kramer?
So you're driving in the car, you're with your friend, minding your own business?
Like taking candy from a baby.
Oh oh oh, so a Maestro tells you to put a balm on and you do it?
Rugged? The man's a goblin. He's only been exposed to smoke for four days. By the time this case gets to trial, he'll be nothing more than a shrunken head.
O.K. You take normal sips. Nothing wrong with that. Then what happened?
This is a public humiliation! You can't let the defendant, have control of the key piece of evidence. Plus, she's trying it on over a leotard, of course a bra's not gonna fit on over a leotard. A bras gotta fit right up against a person's skin, like a glove!
So you're a victim. Now your face is shallow, unattractive, disgusting.
O'Henry? That's one of our top-selling candy bars. It's got chocolate, peanuts, nougat, it's delicious, scrumptious, outstanding! Have you been to a doctor?
Hm Hm. All right, all right. You take big sips?
No money? Then what'd we get?
(interrupts) No one can tell what a balm's gonna do. They're unpredictable.
Was there a top on it?
Yeah that's going to be a problem. It's gonna be a problem for them. This a clear violation of your rights as a consumer. It's an infringement on your constitutional rights. It's outrageous, egregious, preposterous.
(To cab driver) Pull over here driver this is it.
(To secretary over intercom) Suzie. Call Dr. Bison. Set up an appointment for Mr. Kramer here. Tell him it's from me.
I'll take it? Who told you to take it? Did I tell you to take it?
Jackie.
Oooohhhh, three under par, HmmThat's what the professionals shoot, isn't it?
Uh, what was you golf score, the last round you played uh, before you shoulder was injured?
Well, did you, or did you not, see the defendant, wearing the bra?
Yeah, see they like to sell their own coffee.
You're caddy?!? This is a big mistake!
Your honor, we request at this time, that Miss Mishke...try on the bra.
The who?
Your face is my case.
I know the Maestro didn't tell you to take it, he wasn't there.
Your damn right you screwed up. Where the hell did you get that damm balm anyway?
Damn fools! Look at that! We got nothin' now, nothin'! I've been practicing law for 25 years, you're listenin' to a caddy!
So. Then what happened?
No way, Kramer. You've brought nothing but a mountain of misfortune and humiliation. Now get out.
It's a little puzzling we haven't gotten that offer yet.
Hm Hm. You take a sip?
Stan? Who the hell is Stan?
Well how would you describe this woman? Would you say she was an attractive woman?
Could you repeat that?
So it was the meeting on the street that prompted you to buy the bra for Miss Mishke, would you say that was correct?
