Yes?
Oh, DAMN this thing!
Elaine? Work?
I am unfocused!
I have been accused of wrong-doing. But these false accusations will not deter us. We WILL annex Poland by the Spring, at any cost! AND... our stock will rise HIGH! (raises hand)
(resolute) Well, you better catch the later show, because I need to know what's in the mail.
Goody! Yes! Yes! Yes! (Dances back and forth, elated) Next Stop Pottersville, Next Stop Pottersville! You are a genius!
(concerned) Elaine, are you having a party?
Who was crying?
Hmm, what's happened to me? (straightens lapels) When's the meeting?
Where is it?
(in polo outfit, complete with jacket and high boots) I didn't send you over there to complain about the name.
(still staring at picture) How long does it usually take?
They smear! Under no circumstances is ink to be used in this office.
I don't see it.
Why don't you go for me?
(stern) Because there's to be no entertaining while I'm gone.
(unwrapping a candy bar, placing it on a plate and cutting it with knife and fork) I'm sure it won't, but someone was crying and I want to know who it was.
Oh! (puts finger to face, smearing ink on his upper lip which now resembles an "Adolph Hitler"-style moustache) Do I have time to change?
You said keep your eyes out of focus, which is misleading. You want DEEP focus!
(piqued interest) Oh, who's on the cover?
I still don't see it.
What in blazes are you listening to?
Well, I'm going riding. I haven't been on Jenny for three days, all because of this blasted painting. (phone rings) Elaine?
I see something that could be a spaceship. Is it round? Is it pointy?
(walks by 3-D poster, stops) Wait a minute! Wait a minute. Ah!
I'm looking there!
(pulls away) Are you using a fountain pen?
Well, Elaine? Do you know it? What song is it?
Elaine, I need you to proofread this report for my meeting with the Poland Creek Bottled Water people.
(sees Elaine's hands covered in ink) Is that ink?
I like the name "Moland". I picked it out. After all those months of negotiating!
(staring at 3-D poster) I think I'm on to something!
Oh, all they're gonna do is read the report.
Well, excuse me, I'd better get straight over there.
Yes, I've heard about these. How do they work?
Elaine?
Elaine, did I hear... (sees Kramer) Oh, this is very odd.
My father was a stern man. He forbad us to participate in any activities that he thought were associated with the common man. The Thanksgiving Day Parade was first on the list.
Have you gotten all the salt off those pretzels yet?
I told you. I sit on the Board of Trustees for Morgan Springs, and we're trying to acquire Poland Creek.
Could you identify the next song? Could you? Could you?
(still staring at picture) Meeting?
