What are you getting to be too much of a big shot now to give me a call? I don't hear from you anymore!
You should read the letters he's written. He's funnier than the whole bunch of you! (Jack enters with Doris) Oh, here's Jack. We should sit down.
The funny thing is I can't wear 'em. I get too hot. I sleep in my underwear and a t-shirt. If it gets too hot, I just get the t-shirt off! Anyway, Danny says to me 'You need any pajamas?'
Jerry, I'd give you the watch. It's not the money, I happen to like it.
You know how hard it was for me to get that appointment for you? You can't just walk in on this guy. He did me a personal favor.
He used to be in the pajama business. I used to be able to get pajamas for free. I used to come over and get pajamas all the time!
(preening himself in the mirror) Aw, no, no, I understand. I got plenty of friends in showbusiness. I know you're all very busy.
Arrested? Come on! (Goes into a routine explaination for his stealing) I'm an old man. I'm confused! I thought I paid for it. What's my name? Will you take me home?
Well, I hope you send him a check.
Listen, you should get your cousin Jeffrey to write some material for you.
Hey, let's go! It's twelve (checks watch) uh, twelve twenty-two.
(Exiting) You mean my crime of passion? If anyone betrays me, I never forget!
(indicating) I've never seen a band like this.
What, are you kidding? I should you loaning you money! (Quickly amending what he just said) But I'm not.
Go. Really. I understand. You got an appointment, go to your appointment.
(Giving a courtesy lesson) You still say hello.
I still have the ringing in the ears. Sounds like the phone.
Ma! Again with the ketchup? Don't they have 'em in the plastic squeeze containers?
Oh. Well. You gotta get going, so go.
Well, I haven't seen too many like (indicating watch) these.
What for? This man was nice enough to see you. He did me a personal favor.
I just talked to Dr. Dembrow's son. He said they almost had to call the police.
(Yelling out to every one in the coffee shop) Will somebody answer that damn phone?!
I thought Johnny was very rude to you. He didn't even let you talk.
You know, I know plenty of people in Hollywood too!
They said they were sending an Asian woman.
(to Jerry while he's grabbing his arm as usual) What's with the sunglasses? Who are you? Van Johnson?
Yeah. In fact it was right after I ran into you.
Buddy? He lived next door to us forty-five years ago.
Alright, alright. Mr. Goody Two-Shoes. You made your point.
(Leo has "Jerry" written on the fingers his right hand, and "Hello" written on his left. He's doing pull-ups) Jerry. Hello. Jerry. Hello. Jerry. (Turns to the right, yelling out) Answer that damn phone!
You know where I got this? (flashback) I found it in the garbage can. It kept terrible time. I brought it over to Jimmy Sherman right here on 85th and Columbus. Gave it to me back the next day. Works great. What kind of idiot throws a way a perfectly good watch?
