Elaine, they forgot to deliver your paper today. Why don't you just grab that one.
(leaving) I'm gonna be late. See ya later.
What do you care, you know where you're going.
Yeah? So are you. Youre the grease monkey.
Tell me about it, I don't know why I ever took you back.
(startlingly loud) LET'S GET IT ON!!! Alright!! Go Devils!! Go Devils!! Let's go Devils!!
(Still holding out his hand) Dont leave me hangin.
Hey, babe. You ready to hit the ice?
Well, let's see, I've got a ten kroner, a five kroner, a twenty kroner? No wait, that's another ten kroner. A fimty kroner? How much is that?
Good news. We got a 900 in black. Thats the hot color. (Holds up his hand) High-five.
Oh, we dont even know what it is.
Yeah, I saw Jerry wearing his. He looked like a bit of a dandy. Check it out! 8-Ball! You got a question, you ask the 8-Ball.
(Holds his hand up) High-five. (Elaine reluctantly slaps it. He turns around, and puts his hand out behind his back) On the flip side.
Well, I don't need to do it. It's not like a habit or anything.
Oh. Hey, how come people don't have dip for dinner? Why is it only a snack, why can't it be a meal, you know? I don't understand stuff like that.
Ah, c'mere. (They kiss) Alright, I gotta go home and get changed before the game. I'll be back, we'll make out.
It's a long flight, Elaine. I had to get on with my life.
No, I dont know too many monkeys who could take apart a fuel injector.
(standing guard by the stereo as George walks by him) Hey! Cocktail off the speaker.
Well, alright, so you don't like the face painting, I just won't paint it anymore.
(showing her his necklace) I'm a recovering germ-o-phobe. Ten years.
(Handing a sheet of paper to Jerry) Jerry, I just need your signature here, and well get you that yellow car ready to go.
And don't move the seat, I got it right where I like it.
(Somewhat hurt) Oh yeah? Ill tell you whats stupid. You. Stupid.
(To Jerry and George) Hey, come on, guys. Ill show you the 900.
(Pointing out his office door) By the service department.
Well, she doesn't mean anything to me either. If it were up to me, we'd still be together.
I still have trouble looking at those disgusting old bedroom slippers she slogs around in.
Hey, you want to split a root beer (I think thats what he says)?
Oh, sure, babe. Salesman-only copy room (Points) right there.
(While punching up numbers on a calculator) That chicks whacked. Were history. (Back to the transaction) I just left out a couple of things uh, rust-proofing
It's a misprint. What do you got, a Clarkman?
(Like a kid) I dont want to get back with her. Shes too bossy.
Oh yeah, because you're a Ranger fan and you know I'm messing with their heads.
(heading towards the bathroom) I got to make a pit stop.
Yeah, that's right. Well, what's going on over there with you and, uh, Vegetable Lasagna?
All that calling you, and buying you stuff
Don't boss me! This is why you're going to hell.
(seeing Elaine come in) Hey, man, I'll call you back. I'll talk you through it.
You're dead, Messier! We're gonna get you, Messier!
I know it looks bleak. I've been there. Ten years ago waking up in bed next to a woman like this would've sent me running for the Phisohex.
(pounding the hood) Hey, what are you doing?! Watch where you're driving, man! (He approaches the passenger side window) Don't mess with the Devils, buddy. We're number one, we beat anybody! We're the Devils! The Devils!! Haaaa!!!
Caring about how everyone at work isnt as smart as you. Its brutal.
I cant give you black at that price.
No, I said no more face painting, and as you can see this is not my face.
(finishing eating) Seriously, is this the best okra you've ever had, or what?
Gee, I don't know. What if we're out somewhere and you see the Maytag repairman.
Well, I'm going to the game tonight, and me and these five other guys are gonna take our shirts off and spell out 'Devils'.
So the gloves were right by the phone. That is pretty funny.
(Reading off what hes adding up on the calculator) Transport charge, storage surcharge, additional overcharge, finders fee
(Standing up) Well, theres a vending machine. I could show you where it is. (Leaves, showing George the way)
I'm really not in the mood, I'm going to hell.
Hey man, I'm just trying to support the team.
Hey, you gotta let them know you're out there, this is the playoffs.
Hey, Babe, your boss called. You owe five bucks for a balloon bouquet. Yeah, he says you can just give it to him tomorrow when you see him.
You dumped me for some idiotic TV pitchman.
I mean I love just seeing you and having sex.
(to flight attendant) You know I think ultimately, I'm upset with myself. I knew what I was getting into, she's a bitter, unstable person. I mean the sex was good. I'm sure it was fine for her. I need more.
Well what about you? What do you think The Gap in Rome has that's not in The Gap on Broadway?
Right, Koko. That chimps all right. (Holds up his hand) High-five.
