(crying) Youre one of the few people I can talk to.
Where is that waitress? (to the counter) Hey!
Forty-one home games. Let's see saturday night weve got the Mavericks. If you dont like the Mavericks, next Tuesday Lakers. I mean, you gotta like Magic, right? Lets see, on the road, on the road, on the road, on the road, back on the fourteenth. They play the Bulls. You cant miss Air Jordan...
So, I though you were tutoring your nephew?
You know, I should really try something like that.
So, thanks again for those tickets. But next week, Im going to take you. How about next Tuesday night? (to Elaine) And why dont you come along?
I have to eat! I mean, Im hypoglycemic.
All right. Oh, hey, I think you're gonna like my first my third choice.
(to the waitress) Let me ask you a question. This, uh, this turkey sandwich here, is that real turkey, or is it a turkey roll? I dont want that processed turkey. (to Jerry) I hate it.
Uh, boning up on football? (talking about the magazine she's reading as he sits beside her)
(starting to cry) Wai-Wait. What did I do? Tell me. I want to know what I did.
...so my shrink wants me to bring my mother in for a session. This guy is a brilliant man. Lenny Bruce used to go to him. And I think, uh, Geraldo.
Ellis?! You might as well go with Alex. It's the same thing!
Well, how do you know for sure? Look, why dont you do me a favor. Why dont you go in the back and find out, okay? (The waitress leaves.) Unbelievable.
What about Thursday night? I mean theyre playing the Sonics.
He asked me if I still saw you. I said, Sure, I see him all the time. Were still great friends. Anyway, Howard says hello. (laughs)
Look, I know I call you too much, right? I mean, I know youre a very busy guy.
Whoa, Nelson! This is Elaine? I though you guys split?
I cannot believe that this is happening. I cant believe it.
Okay. (Jerry gives him some napkins to clean himself up) Yeah, okay. Great! That would be, thatd be great. So, next Wednesday.
I always tell everybody about you. Tell everybody to (to the rest of the coffee shop) GO SEE HIS SHOW! (to Jerry) I mean, Im your biggest fan!
Oh, the game's about to start. I wonder where your friend Kramer is.
(to the counter of the restaurant) Hey hey hey hey, were starving here! Weve been waiting here for ten minutes already!
Is there a real bird in the back?
(laughing) Wait, youll never guess who I ran into.
Ned's a guy who buys irregular underwear. Next!
What are you saying? What, you like turkey roll?
Who would be calling me here? (he stands up and look around)
