What about you, George? Have you written anything we might know?
Yeah. The food's usually terrific.
Well, I got a feeling about you two. And even more than that. I place a great deal of confidence in that lady's judgment.
Well, why am I watching it?
And people really have to care about the characters.
Oh Elaine, we're doing some really very interesting things right now. We've got some very exciting pilots for next season. We have one with a bright young comedian, Jerry Seinfeld.
So, what's the surprise? You wanna talk about the show?
But I want you.
(stops doing George, he's down again) Elaine, When--when--when are we gonna see each other again.
Under the circumstances, I don't really feel that we should be in business together. (Elaine comes back over.)
Really, I'm terribly sorry, it just, uh...all of a sudden it just hit me.
There's a show. that's a show.
Awfully sorry to make you come up here, but I really wasn't feeling well enough to go back to the office, and well, it's the only chance I have to meet with you this week.
(gets up) So, let's make a pilot.
Yeah. No, uh, I was just thinking of something. I'll be back in a second. (he gets up and leaves)
It's just a stomach thing.
No stories? So, what is it?
Pfeiffer's.
(nervously, almost desperately) Elaine. Elaine. What do you want? What can I do? Is it my job? Is that what it is? Elaine I can't go on like this. Will you call me? Would you call me? Well, why? All right. May I call you? Elaine? Elaine? (she hung up. An employee walks by, bumps into Russell and spills coffee accidentally on him)
Excuse me for a second. (Gets up and runs to the bathroom.)
What are you saying?
Get a good look, Costanza?
I really appreciate you coming.
No.
Mister Costanza.
No.
We like to look at the show as if it were in EKG. You have your highs and your lows and it goes up and down.
Look Mister Costanza, it's too late now anyway. I already made a deal with another writing team.
Get out! You're fired!
Field of vision, huh?
Yeah, she just turned fifteen last week.
It's not veal.
Well, it's my stomach. I think there must have been something in the pasta primavera I had for lunch.
(Unimpressed) What does that mean?
Thank you.
Is it something I said... or did?
Yes I know. I just-- I can't get you out of my mind. Ever since that-- that day in the restaurant when we met... (we see a flashback from 'The Shoes' of Elaine showing her cleavage and asking Russell for his Ketchup secret)
Yeah. Anyway it's a ground breaking show.
(Confused) How is that a show?
(to George) Alright. Eight thousand.
What?
No.
(Threatening) Not yet.
Look. I don't know how you two guys feel but we would really like to be in business with you.
Oh God. Oh my god.
Right. The script. Your script needs some...it needs, um...(looks nauseous again. Gets up and runs to the bathroom a second time.)
She works for Pendant Publishing. She's the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. You know, I used to work for NBC, but when I go back to her this time, she'll respect me.
Who gave you my address?
You read? You read on the show?
(a little more enthusiast) Well, really, it's very unusual. It's about nothing.
Nothing?
No, I... (finally notices Elaine)...don't have a ketchup secret. (Smiles.)
Alright, now look. These deals are already made.
All right. All right. What's your name?
All right, tell me, tell me about the stories. What kind of stories?
(starts doing George at the first meeting with NBC in 'The Pitch') For example, what did you do today?
Blossom's on Monday.
I'll call back.
Uh, no. (Elaine takes the ketchup and goes back to her table.)
Yeah, yeah sweetie. I'm fine. (Molly sits on the back of the chair.)
Well, we'd better get started, my daughter's going to be here soon.
Well, it just didn't seem to be the right project for us right now. (Elaine walks by in a low-cut dress. Jerry and George look at her as she moves to the table opposite Russell.) So, what were you saying?
Alright. The script. Now, I've read this thing three times...and everytime I read it...(looks nauseous, struggles not to vomit.)
All right, first of all, I want to apologize for all the phone calls. It's just--It's just-- (awkward pause) I don't understand, we went out once...
I got up and came to work.
(Obviously dislikes George) Not even close.
(indicating) This is Cynthia.
