There, you see. She's already in a bad mood. She just got fired.
Wait, wait, wait...
It's your first time. He'll understand.
No, no, I'm working on it.
What? You're siding with management?!
Well, I was just trying to help out.
The Maestro.
well it's a dog leg left, so I play the hook right? .. hold on there's another call.
Well, I found this rope and I kept tugging on it, and all these lobsters came up.
Oh hey guess what. Morty Seinfeld and I are going into business together, selling raincoats.
Well, I'm not saying that! You know, things are going pretty well for me here. I met a girl...
(claps hands) So ...
Alright! Yeah. You know, I'm excited about this, Jerry. In a way, I feel like I'm getting a new couch.
Oh, no, no, no. That's exactly how you said it was going down.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Heey!
Clark Bar. (Kramer starts tearing the candy wrapper open with his teeth.)
You can't fire me, I'm Santa Claus.
Ah, Mr. Weatherbee.
Jerry, don't you see? This world here, this is George's sanctuary. If Susan comes into contact with this world, his world's collide. You know what happens then?
Ah!!! Yahh!!!
All right, Silvio's down there. He's shoveling the walk. Now, all you gotta do is put this on, you go down to the corner, you pick up a paper, and you come right back.
(little dance) One-two, cha-cha-cha.
Wait a minute, I think he's done. (peers at the Saab) Oh no, he's taking out the woods!
Oh, uh, is this uh, Bette Midler's understudy?
We have to put the board in a neutral place where no one will tamper with it.
(takes a breath)
Hey. (He's carrying a suit cover. He hangs it on Jerry's coat hooks)
Yeah. He went down at the Beackman, he tried to lam, but they cheesed him.
(CONT'D) Oh...(TAKES OUT PARKING STUB) Boy this garage is going to cost a fortune. You know how long we were here?
... Uh, go ahead, yeah. (listens and makes a note) Alright uh... Yeah, yeah, okay... I look forward to it too. (listens) Eh, hah, okay. So long.
So get this. Peterman has his henchmen forcefully eject me from the book signing like I'm some kind of a maniac.
(quietly) Ohh (Eyeing Jerry's empty apartment) Really?
I got carpool. (exits)
Of course I'll do it. I'd be happy to. So, all I gotta do is be there at seven?
Oh, that's right buddy. It's private. It's very private. But I met the pro at the golf shop up on 49th St. -- I gave him one of these Cubans and he invites me up to play a free round ... then he says anytime I lay one of these babies on him it's going to be the same deal. Ha ha. Idn't that beautiful.
(To Newman) Well, I just assumed you would.
His mudda' was a mudda'.
Well, I'm just a little nervous. OK, I gotta relax. Phew. Wish me luck, huh?
Yeah, well, I left him with Marcelino!
Cmon, you can come up with five thousand dollars. (to Jerry) Jerry, you dont have five thousand dollars you can led her? Come on.
(still reading the paper) Man, 2.9 percent financing on a Toyota Onedun (Sp?). That was my idea too!
Yeah, on one hand he's smart with rockets and on the other hand he's dumb with parking. . . . It's cold out here huh?
Yeah.
I gotta know, I'm talkin' to Salman.
Do you hear what you're saying?! Can you hear it?! (Jerry puts on his coat) This is a beautiful woman walking around naked, and you want to tell her to stop?! That's the dumbest thing I ever heard! I mean, think comprehens- I'm not gonna let you do it.
I'm in trouble, buddy. I just met a woman.
Whats this?
Oh, you don't wanna get on my bad side.
I think she was happy someone finally said it.
Well, it's going to be! Because I'm going back on strike. Come on Elaine. (Takes of his apron, and goes for his coat) It's a walk out!
Yeah. He's intense, man.
(enters) Well.
Ah, well I thought I'd throw him off. See, he knows where I live.
Na, you're way way way off.. Well, yeah that's the right number but this is an apartment
Why would you think I would invite him?
Oh Movie Phone.
(to door) Gah!
Yeah, from my peephole. Fisheye, sees all.
Do it. Do it. This.
Then everybody is screamin,' because the driver, he's passed out from all the commotion...the bus is out of control! So, I grab him by the collar, I take him out of the seat, I get behind the wheel and now I'm drivin' the bus.
You can't stop her, Jerry! Oh, I've seen 'em come and go, but this kid has got something! (Turns to leave.)
Jerry, Cuban cigars are illegal in this country. That's why I got these guys.
Yeah, nice to meet you.
yeaaaaah!
She goes to these lengths to entice you and your only response is " Gee I really like your picture. Would you like to go out on a date with me please. "
Hey! (moving a chair onto the set)
Hey ah.
Hey.
Any mustard? This is empty.
(still trying to sit down, says under his breath) I'm trying. {hard to make out}
Check it out. (They see a Marlboro man billboard with Kramer on it)
"HEY I'M DOING THE BEST I CAN!!!"
A dry-cleaning bill for what?
I would. I always open medicine cabinets.
They should be sent to Australia.
Wait, wai, ... ... Yeah. Hello!, Hi, Aw, this is Kramer. Yeah, I'm the next door neighbor. Aw, well you know, ah Jerry's left, uh, uh, But listen, ah, see ah, my golf game got canceled. Uh, I'm thinkin' of going up myself... They got pies and ah, I got the directions right here.
Yeah. Hey I want you to hear something.
(Thinks) No, I don't think so.
Rinitze. (he takes Jerry's spatula and starts rubbing his back with it) Oh yeah...
Brought my phone.
I dont understand.
I'm asking you!
Oh, no. I don't wear a watch.
Ah, No, no, no, I can't. I learned my lesson from that coffee company.
Aw, that's beautiful, Newman.
Oh, giddyup. Yeah.
No. That's bush league.
Newman, wait!
(pointing) Right in here. Just keep your eyes unfocused. (convulses in pain) Waahh! Oh, mama!
Hey hey, whoa come on give me a hug...
Joey
Look at this, look at this. He's giving us the finger.
Yes, Sansei.
(high-pitched) Well, Fredo was weak and stupid! He shouldn't have eaten that key!
Well, yeah.
Assumed? Never assume anything. I don't want that nut in my house. You know he's on medication.
What the heck is going on here?
So you gonna use it?
Sure Mrs. Anvino, ya.
You put my life's stories in his autobiography?
Any word from Nana?
(waving at the bowl) Oh yeah, yeah. Put that on my tab.
(yelling up) Well, what are you waiting for?
Oh, that's it, yeah. Boy, Stubs sure went to town with this thing huh? Yeah, well, Bobby, uh, what if I told you a very important person at the New York Yankees needed this card back.
Cause their afraid of bad publicity.
(noticing suds all over his clothes and body) Wha...? Oh, man! Geez! Look at that! I'm all lathery. Jerry, you got to show me what I'm doing wrong.
Who says I want a noodle?
Oh, there's nothing like a cold one after a long day, eh?
Well, I didn't catch his name, but then he went running into the park.
Uh, no thanks.
Sounds like a nice girl. Hey Jerry, is it all right if I put some stuff in your fridge? 'Cause mine's full.
I'm bored. I got all this free time on my hands, I dunno what to do. You wanna do something?
Thanks. Have a good day.
(taking the paper and tearing it to pieces) I'm proud of you.
Newman ,Let me have a bite of your Macanaw..
Hey, I gotta skedaddle. You wanna lift?
Alright, I'll call her right now.
Is this the interference?
No, you'll never get a better deal than that.
No. It says 'main line'.
Oh, I dont think so. No, hes an entertainer. You know, all over the place. Thats where I come in.
You can move in with me, if you want.
Wait,wait wait...Let me get the camera.
I'm gonna go see if there are any girls on the beach. Elaine, you wanna come?
Hey.
Yeah (points towards the doctor's office), he's the Assman! Jerry, *he's* the Assman!
Where? Where?
Yes!
Oh come on Jerry, its opening night, black tie, Pagliacci! The great clown, the great sad tragic clown, like you.
No
Now how was I supposed to know it was going to be sold out?
(Making a point) Not everyday.
Yeah, she shot in that coma pretty quick.
I haven't made a bet in three years, I-
Oh, Elaine Benes. Well, this is quite a thrill, yes. Come - - (motions for Jerry to move down one seat as the new guest has arrived for her segment. Kramer gives Jerry a little push) Come on sit down. Yes.
Hey, what made you think you could touch that awning?
You? You're getting old.
What do you think, Stan?
It's just me.
I'm here to talk about the ocean.
(takes another smell of his hands) Alright I gotta a ten o'clock, I'll see everybody later.
(doing the voice) La la la.
Shh, shh.
(simultaneous) Wait a minute, on the cover I'm...
(Interested) Ooohh... That sounds juicy. Listen, I gotta go to the bathroom, but I want to hear all about it. (Gets up and heads for the bathroom)
Well, I'll meet you at the coffee shop.
Really, Ah,
Don't be ridiculous. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go to fill my freezer with my own blood.
It stinks. Can you smell that?....You stink.
Ah, George, alright. Well, what for?
Yap I know.
(to Jerry) Well, if youre just gonna throw it out, you know, I could take it.
Oh boy. Uh, look uh, Keith, uh, we're sorry.
Yeah, and you're not going to, because I'm hanging it up. Boys, I'm retiring.
Why? No, thatll make great dinner party conversation. We'll read the letters at the dinner table.
We're putting in cable.
No, no........I'm sneaking in with Stan the Caddy, we've been going through the caddies entrance.
Bye!!
Wait wait wait wait wait. (putting a ring on Elaine's finger) Here.
Are you getting the eyes? 'Cause they're brown. (beat) Or, really, they're dark brown, like rich, Columbian coffee.
(indicating that cars should pass him) Well, go around, you bunch of crazies. You maniacs are gonna get us all killed.
I got it. Uma, Uma, Uma. (looking at the ticket)
(dismissive) Ahh.
The cat. Just grab that meat and let's ride.
What's going on? Hey, Timmy, Clara. That was some kind of workout we had tonight, huh?
So, uh...what kind of work do you do?
Forgot the popper... (goes to the kitchen, grabs the popper, drops the lid, juggles it around, then exits.)
Jerry, it was overheating. You should take better care of that thing.
Egh. These aren't candies.
And it's a waste of my talent. It's just a little burning. Mickey, he got bacterial meningitis.
She doesn't know what she's talking about.
"Call me. Thirty-six, twenty-four, forty-six. I think I have what you're looking for." (Pleased by the note, Kramer stumbles into his car).
He LOST IT! We almost came to blows. We were face to face like a manager and an umpire like this . . kara a pukka ba ya ka ba . . .
Mmm
Yes!
Very low! Come on, Jerry. Take 'em.
A picture.
Yeah when I was 8, I had a deaf cousin who lived with us for about a year. (signing as he speaks) So I haven't been able to do it in a while.
Racquet.
But now I have a big problem, buddy.
I don't know...
You gonna share it with me next time, huh?
It's the puffy shirt. Look at it, eh? Whatd'ya think? Is it cool or what?
I got three 'Pottery Barn' catalogs in one day. That makes eight this month.
Yes, yes! You said it!
Y'know you've given this comedy thing your best shot. Yeah, you had some good observations, but it's over. Now, this Bloomingdale thing, that could be the next wave.
I do?
(holding bette) Don't worry Kramer is going to take care of everything. See,, I got you Pineapple. I saw Beaches last night for the fourth time (sings) "You are the wind"
(Going to the phone) I don't believe this
Nuh! Okay Jerry, how about if Mike fixes your truuunk, we call it even, an' this way, nobody has to get hurt.
Hey, Kurt. Taste these eggs.
It was easy the last time.
Sure.
Oh that's fatal, you don't want that!
Wait..( picks up the walkman) Oh my god...Oh yeah....Elaine , I can't believe that that is you.
I closed down my account at the blood bank.
Well, I had some hard candy in there.
Hahaa!
Hey. (to Elaine) Oh, I just saw your old boyfriend on TV.
Oh, yeah? Huh. (Turns to George) Hey, George! Pizza? Yum, yum!
No.
That's what I intend to find out. (George comes out of the bathroom and he's got white cream on his head)
Hang on.
Oh, yeah?
"(gasp_)......Kom Pau........"
(on the phone) what about the driver? we could get an accident
Well, I sold them to Bania.
George, if the pig-man had a car, he would give you a ride.
Well, it's these people-- they go swimmin' in the winter. They're terrific, I just took my first swim today. Brrrrrrr! It's invigorating....
Hey! JoJo!
Well, thank you.
Oh, tell me about it.
Man, we're missin' the Death Blow!
Oh, no, no. I don't think you get me. I want out, permanently.
Hey, Silvio!
No , no no no no. Weddings are a great place to meet chicks. I have to be unfettered.
No, I dunno how much duty is.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I've uh...I've spent a little time in the Mideast. You ever been to the Mideast?
Yeah.
Look, I need the keys to your apartment, I gotta take a shower.
Well, he was a little standoffish.
Uhh, Jerry, you got no mustard, huh.
Hey.
The Dewey Decimal System, what a scam that was. Boy that Dewey guy really cleaned up on that deal.
Yeah, yeah, so...git-git...(gestures to Elaine to sign the form.)
No, but I know I've seen cake just like that. Oh--Entenmann's. Yeah.
(Shocked by the way Elaine looks) Yama - Hama! It's fright night!
What me? Fabulous, just fabulous. I've got a lot of auditions, a lot of call backs and I've got a lot of interest for my movie treatment. I'm in development, I'm in developed vehicles. And there's a lot of energy here, man. You know, the vibe, it's powerful. I'm just swept up at it. Yeah, I'm a player.
You're blowing this, the guys a pigeon.
Dark blue.
Huh-yah! (Kramer loses it and runs out past George, who is still sitting in the hallway on a chair.)
Jackie. I mean, we have a chance?
(closes the door) All right, nice work. (he looks at the ticket, flips it over, and then over again) Where's Umas number? The moisturizer smudged out the phone number.
You know I just thought of something. I know this gorgeous woman, she called me up this morning, she's moving into the city, and she asked me if I know of anyone she could meet. Now you can go out with her.
(singing) ...Johnny ...was a rebel. He rode through the land...
Hey, now, they're tough cookies.
You got a dog?
Yeah, H&H Bagels. That's where I worked.
Hey Frank, you got two beds in here.
Guess what? I saw Newman talking to the super.
(Looking up, sighs) Well, you better get to work.
I want you to get on this phone and give him his 'thank you'!
Well if they're lucky.
You know I was watching Entertainment Tonight, and uh, suddenly I got dizzy. And the next thing I know I hit my head on the coffee table.
Nothing.
Like a history of coffee tables, celebrities and their coffee tables. It's a natural. This is a story that must be told.
I don't know why I let you talk me into that corned beef at Snitzer's.
Well!
Hey, listen, can I borrow your suitcases?
Uh, 42.
(interrupting) Ah, don't play dumb. It's me, Cosmo.
Awright, I got it.
And it could be done.
(leaning to look round Kramer) Wendy here?
what? hey (walks by Jerry and Elaine's table) it's all set
Three under par.
I live for Merlot.
Well they don't. If they could drive, they wouldn't be handicapped.
Right! Purple 23. I could've used you.
Oh, the relationship. (He leaves)
Well, you won't regret it.
I know but I... (waves toward the interior of his apartment) Little problem.
Ahh....
Oh, I bought a bunch of bunion stories from Newman - but they all stink!
Okay , all right. I'm gonna take a look at this huh!.( leaves)
And I need something to write on.
Well, it's no wonder. You ate that entire bag of candy.
Yeah... So c'mon, (smacks hands and rubs them together) what d'you say?
Ok, here's the deal. He wants you to acknowledge that you cut him off with an "I am sorry" wave.
Hey, you got any matches?
Well, I had to pull 'em up if I'm gonna widen the lanes.
Yeah. Well I was trying to make gravel and it just (moves hands around) just didnt work out.
Mr Hararwood. Found your glasses.
Want any help?
Oh, well I guess she found some place better to go.
Are too.
Okay, please! Please tell me!
I was never able to become a banker.
(to Jerry) He sells tee-shirts outside the World Trade Centre.
Do you want more pastrami?
Well, obviously there was a miscommunication.
I guess she was hot.
Well, I didnt think ahead.
Uh, George, your parents can't blow through their savings in this community. It's low-rent. Now, we feel that Florida is really the place where they should be.
It's Grossbard!
YOU SAID YES!? Don't you have any pride or self respect? I mean, how can you prostitute yourself like this? I mean what are you going to do? You're going to start driving him to the airport?
Oh yeah, they're like this (holds up two fingers together).
I gotta find another shower.
Look I'm sorry about before....I mean I'm sure I'll learn to like her, Jerry
(mumbles) b'd b'd
Oh, gees...
Well, there's no difference, you know, I'm just curious.
Anyway, I um, I just want to say that I'm sorry. I lost my temper and I probably shouldn't have. I took it out on you and, look, if I've caused you any problems as a result of my behavior, well then, I'm sorry. I apologize. Even though, Barry, between me and you, we both know that you started it. I mean, who's kidding who? But they tell me that you're very upset, and god forbid I should disturb the very important monkey, I'm just hoping we can put this behind us, let's just move on with our lives, ok? So no hard feelings?
No, no, these are too thick. (removes the gloves/tosses them on the kitchen counter)
What about me?
Yeah, I like that crest. (he shakes cereal into the bowl) Alright, here we go.
Dont you know what that does to suede?
Wha? Where?
Yeah, yeah. I know, I know.
AH! I don't want her disturbed.
(SHAKING HIS HEAD) You and Jerry.
George, why would I, a Juilliard trained dermatologist, send him to another doctor?
Yeah, uh.
What, this is a party?
Well, I was on my way to the Y, and I saw her coming towards me? I didn't know what to do! Because I remembered you had three dates with her and she wouldn't kiss you goodnight. So now I'm thinking you know, what is my duty to my friend? Do I acknowledge her? Do I you know ignore her? I mean, what is my responsibility here?
Jerry, this is the way society functions. Aren't you a part of society? Because if you don't want to be a part of society, Jerry, why don't you just get in your car and move to the East Side!
Listen, man. You gotta shoot this movie for me. Brody, he's a reasonable man, but he's insane!
Yeah, here we go, yeah. (he takes a big bite) Mmm, oh. That's delicious. Mmm. It's a perfectly sane food to eat. (he takes another bite)
Peterman's book is big business. People want to know the stories behind the stories.
"Well apparently I do something 'cause I'm sitting at the head table with Mr. Mel Torm
(low tone) All right.
You should sleep with him.
Yeah that's right.
It's just a write off for them.
Yeah, like Diane Fosse. You know she's the only person that's ever been accepted into gorilla society. And you know, once those gorillas accept you, you got it made in the shade.
It changes the molecules.
Yeah, but he's doing a lot better now. I've taken him under my wing.
I got a quality.
Absolutely not. I mean, what are you thinking about, JERRY? Marriage? Family?
I can't ...
Tupperware.
Yeah. See ou later..
He wants to talk.
(STILL HOLDING HIS NOSE UP ) This doesn't look familiar to you?
No, no, no, I can't. I got my martial arts class.
(holding the picture away from Jerry) Aagh. No no no no no.
Mmmm, that sounds great, Mom.
(stuttering gibberish, gestures that they should leave) A little... privacy, uh?
O.K., fine, go ahead, you take the keys! But you're going to regret this. (He angrily storms out. Kramer then re-enters seconds later when he realizes he's left his girlfriend in Jerry's apartment.)
All Right! Yeah, well, I guess I'll be on my way (grabs framed card)
Well, I'm not an idiot.
(To the TV once again) What is the cha-cha? Ooh, yes indeed.
Well, maybe if you called more often, I wouldn't have to. Listen, is it all right if I watch a tape in here?
I'm hip.
Rice Crispies. East meets West, Jerry.
(All right.) (to Jerry) Ah? Oh, by the way you owe Mike a hundred dollars.
So how much are we gonna make?
It the worst haircut Jerry's ever had. You gotta fix it.
Yeah. He just got a job at a condom factory in Edison. Look at this, he gave me a gross.
Why don't you go behind one of these cars? J
P B and J's. What d'you think?
Jerry wake up to reality. It's a military thing. They're probably creating a whole army of pig warriors.
It's got an alarm that beeps!
(shouting to the bathroom door) George, you wanna go for a ride?
So...you're the Assman.
Yeah.
Um hm.
Ah, well, this is Little Jerry Seinfeld.
Well, what else? Was he nervous? Did he use a lot of slang? Did he use the word 'man'?
I I I
Feel it.
Hmmm,, Dramatica comedia heh!
Oh - I'm familiar with it.
Konichi-wa. Yeah, it's a gift from my Japanese friends. (sits beside Jerry) They're known as gift-givers. And tonight we're going dancing at the Rainbow Room.
YEA!
Well, nothing. His part of the story is done. (Elaine covers her face with her hands - showing her difficulty coping with Kramer) So I'm waiting for the subway, It's not coming, so I decided to hoof it through the tunnel.
Oh, he ran away.
The party, Long Island?
She said she'll do it.
Alright, put a little sauce on here... (speaks some unintelligible words in an Italian accent while spreading the sauce around.) Some cheese...
What's Filk?
Alright you go ahead.
People do, I don't.
Yup! Yup!
Huh. I mean, what do they want to go there for?
Yeah, you know kids, they can be very perceptive.
Ooh, it's a big one!
Federal Express? Of course. That's the oldest trick in the book. You know it might not be a burglar it could be a murderer.
So Jerry, my millennium party's really coming together. Will people be able to breathe underwater in the year two-thousand?
Hey.
My job. What are you doing?
Why not?
Oh my!
So, uhm, are you sure you don't wanna go to the movies?
Yeah-
Hi, hi, hi, hi, hi.
I'm taking the Congo as a penalty!
Have a good one.
Well--
Well, I- I Ms. Welch I do need to talk to you about a little problem regarding, eh, your performance.
(crashing and banging in his apartment) Serenity now!
Oh, man...(looks to the glove compartment for a manual.) "If the engine begins to overheat, turn off air conditioner". Never, I can't do that.
Yeah, of course you do. And do you know why? Because you're a bunch of yuppies. It's your go-go corporate takeover lifestyles that are driving out these Mom and Pop stores and destroying the fabric of this neighborhood.
Oh yes
What do ya mean?
Well I don't, I'm guessing.
Run, run! Go, go, go!
Well as you know I've always been something of a photog.
Sendrax.
Really?
And this. (pulls out the cordless phone from his pocket) Cosmo here. Yeah, un-huh, no, no, no, no, Ill help. Yeah, Firestorms good. I saw it yesterday. Yeah well my buddy Jerry , ah, he's seen it twice. You want to talk to him? Here -- (holds the phone out to Jerry)
Well, (rubs hands) I gotta meet Newman at the pet store. Helping him pick out a turtle.
Well, its your phone. He wanted to talk to you.
Well, I thought they wore gloves and helmets, you know, like "American Gladiators."
We're making sausages.
I just talked to Becky Gelke outside, she told me how you hit and ran.
I'm only charging $37.50, plus you get a pizza bagel and desert.
Well, you are a tenacious little monkey. Alright, Ill do it. Kramerica industries lives! Lets get back to work!
Yeah, I'm gonna be rich.
Ahh.
I just came from the price club. I'm loaded up, baby.
Okay, so we're going to get the wine and we'll pick you up here in ten minutes.
What're you doing. (fetching the bottle from the trash) Don't throw that away.
So now he wants her more than ever!
C'mon.
Did you hear about Martin?
Yeah. I just buzzed him in. He's on his way up..
Oh, no, uh, he's got my Calamine lotion and uh, I told him not to return it. If he needs it he should keep it. He's got uh, he's got a thing on his ankle.
Well, then, Newman and I, we get thrown out of the building.
I'll tell you when it's enough! (he releases George) Alright, now you better not say anything, or I'll stalk you!
Hey, all right, 600 Pappanick to win.
Geez! Jerry, I didn't here you come in. Yeah, the children, they've done sum redecorating. Serenity now, serenity now.
Now look, Rick. Im very close to giving this car, that my celebrity friend is considering, my full endorsement. (Looks out the window) Oooh, Lets see if I can get a smile from these femininas.. (Yells out to them) Hey, Ladies! (Points to the car) Its the Saab 900! What do you think? Can I interest you in a little supplemental restraint?! (They obviously do something to offend him. Kramer reacts with a face) Geez
Hey, McNab!
(subdued) Yeah, yeah, I'll get 'em.
Yeah, and I rented out half that space to Newman. (Starts coughing again)
Yeah. It's an Indian soup. It's simmered to perfection by one of the great soup artisans in the modern era.
Yeah, yeah, I got the biggest one they had. It's industrial strength. 16000 BTU's.
Double?
I'm the real Peterman.
What happened to the car?
Uh huh.
Hey, Morty.
Alright look I'm gonna make you a fruit list, all right?
New cards, huh?
That's what they gave me.
What is that a Titleist?
Cosmo Kramer.. strikes over.
Hah?
I know it sounds pretty glamorous, but its business as usual at Kramerica.
Ooh, Isosceles. I love the name Isosceles. If I had a kid, I would name him Isosceles. Isosceles Kramer.
Yeah, yeah. It's being repaired.
How much are you down altogether?
(quickly) Ah no no no. No bets for me, I uh, I got a disease.
Y'know, art's a great investment.
Oh? Who's Leo?
Oh yeah!
Wait a minute, wait a minute! You mean to say that you drugged a woman so you could take advantage of her toys? Let's pause a moment. (Newman starts the taped music) Jerry, now, what you do with your personal life is your business, but when you're on my set - you clean it up, mister!
Naw, that's not my style.
Hey, you know what I think it is? I think it's that East River. I think it might be polluted.
Come on Jerry, open up. I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE!
Oh, I got stamped at the reggae lounge last night. Yeah, I'm going back there tonight, you know, I'm not gonna pay another cover charge.
Why don't you park in front of the hydrant?
Yeah, yeah. And thanks for inviting me!
That's a lotta yearning, huh?
Yeah.
You kidding? It's all water near a bridge.
Jerry, I had to tell them. I had to. I had no choice. They were onto the scam from the very beginning.
No.
Jerry this peach is sub par.
Yeah.
Feel it. Feel it.
Do you have any action at all?
Whoa, whoa. Now, who's this Joe Mayo everyone's talking about?
(hesitant) Uhm...
(slapping Jerry on the back) Ah, he loved it.
Hey!! Frank just called me. Congratulations.
(with his hand in Mickey's face) YAAAAAH!
Well, ah you were right.
Well here's Toby, (points to Jerry in order to introduce him to Toby) Jerry.
Jerry these are load bearing walls, they're not gonna come down!
Yeah, you look like you put on (holds his hands out) five, (holds his hands wider) ten pounds.
Yeah, it's baked on in. Hey, put another stick of butter in.
No food? Well you gotta have something -- (rummages through Jerry's cupboards and refrigerator) -- I can't go back in there with no food. She's expecting something Jerry. You don't know what she's like when that blood sugar drops.
Where?
So, what do you think about that alien autopsy?
Pendant Publishing? Giddyup again.
Breakfast. I gotta be in at Brand/Leland by nine.
So long. I'll see you tonight.
No, no, I would turn you in.
Hoooh! Man, that looks like a dead bear.
Yeah.
Yeah, but, Jackie Chiles, he put a restraining order on me. (frustrated) I'm not allowed within two hundred feet of his office. I couldn't even give him his Christmas present.
I tell ya, there's some people, they just wear a ribbon and they think they're doin' something? Not me. I talk the talk, and I walk the walk, baby. (gets up) I'll be right back.
Because I'm still holding the garlic shaker.. Yeah.. like this (grabs Jerry's peper shaker, and demonstrates) I'm only showing eight fingers.
Does George know?
No. No. No. No. Let's get a cop.
She's got a kid?
Pretty good, huh?
You can't take this. This belongs to a friend of mine.
Jerry
Look, I'm not judging you. In fact, we here at PBS, we have many programs celebrating your lifestyle. Armistead Maupin's Tales of the City, Gender Bending and Swinging in San Francisco. Before Stonewall about those dark ages when you couldn't come out of the closet, lest you be persecuted because of your, you know.
Hes got all of my attachments, you know.
(stops again) Well I.. ran out onto the court an' threw a hotdog at Reggie Miller. "Involved." An' they threw meee, an' Reggie, an' Spike out o' the game.
Wait a second....
You went to the coffee shop without me? I told ya, I just wanted to hop in the shower.
What?
Well, this is in case there's a tie!
Oh hey!
Huh?
You remember that photo of me and Gerald Ford and I took it in. Got that Ford right out of there.
I'm breaking them in, and they're feeling better.
Back and to the left
What do you want? I'm in the middle of something.
Hey.
He's out on a case? He actually goes out on cases?
The supermarket? That's impossible! They don't have a decent piece of fruit at the supermarket. The apples are mealy, the oranges are dry. I don't know what's going on with the Papayas! Jerry you gotta go to Joe's, you gotta get me some fruit!
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, we ought to all get a house and live together.
L'Occupado.
No. And now I can't get it back.
When can you park head first?
When I lived on Third avenue and 18th street 20 years ago, I had this roommate who was *always* behind in his rent. Then one month, he asks me to loan him his share of the rent-- 240 bucks! He took the cash and >pfffft< disappears. Well, I try to find him, I went to his girlfriend's house, even his family. Uh-uh. I never got the money back! He screwed me! And that's the guy-- John Grossbard!
No no no. It's easy, you just...do it quickly.
(Pops his head into Jerry's apartment) Hey, come on over, Dr. Zhivago's on cable in five minutes.. I'm making popcorn! (Leaves)
Is too.
Bro.
This is tomato juice, look...(drinks from the bottle.)
Hey, watch where you're kicking!
yeah I sang 99 bottles of beer on the wall
Well after that Kidney Stone I only want fresh food. It's gotta be fresh. Im not eating any more stored food. Plus you know I want the space.
Jerry, I left you a pair right here...(goes into Jerry's room and comes out with a pair of cowboy boots.) C'mon. There, put on those boots.
Who are you talkin about?
That's right.
Oooo, ooooo. You know, I dig Asian women.
Erika, she's Erika
(laughing) He he, yeah.
He's making a copy of the movie for sale on the street, hum?
I got two, I got two huh, Paliachi, who needs two, Pagliacci, come on, the great tragic clown, come on, check it out, he laughs, he cries, he sings, Pagliacci. Hey, I got two beauties right here, check it out all right.
(still overly excited) Who wants to have some fun!
I hear you.
I thought you took the test.
Hey. It's really wet out there.
Yes, and where would the absolute nearest one be?
AAAH! No buts! Those are my rules.
I know, I know. Don't I look more relaxed?
Oh, you again. Buddy, look, forget about Jerry. It's not gonna happen.
Getting some cereal
(walking toward the door) Look I don't have time to wait, I'm gonna be late.
Yeah. (inhales some pepper then sneezes violently) See? It should sound like that, something like that.
I am dressed.
Listen, I need you to get me some clothes.
Was it more than just one?
No, I didn't make these bagels. (Jerry and George both take a bite) Yeah, they're day-olds. The homeless won't even touch them. (Jerry and George stop eating) Oh, we try to fool them by putting a few fresh ones on top, but they dig.. they, they test.
No, no, no, no. These brown things. The chairs. (hits his hand on the rim) Jerry, this is the set from the old Merv Griffin Show! (he climbs into the dumpster) They must be throwing it out. This stuff belongs in the Smithsonian!
You're gonna do the circus freak show, uh?
Mm-hmm. I prepared it as I bathed.
Well, not anymore. He traded it to me for some Hollywood memorabilia.
I traded it to my sausage press. Look how thin that is, see that's all surface area. The taste has nowhere to hide.
You know, I went swimming and I can't get this water out of my ear.
Yeah, he was.
Well, what about your deal, huh?
Oh, yeah.
Ah, 's no good.
Yeah.
Well I got banned from the store I can't go back in there now.
Oh you don't want to think about that no sir. Otherwise I'd have no choice but to put that banner back up and eh, he-he-hwow, run that Roger's right out of town.
Yeah, yeah, whenever you're ready.
She was probably joking.
But she wants the shoes.
I'm very, very sorry.
But you got a whole pile here. 1987?
No, I want to speak to the manager.
(opening the fridge) Sayonara.
(after delicately sniffing Elaine) Uh... that's not bad at all.
He can't even walk down the street in South America...
Boy, they got a great cafeteria downstairs. Hot food, sandwiches, a salad bar.. It's like a Sizzler's opened up a hospital! (Sits and starts eating) So, how did you have a heart attack? You're a young man. What were you doing? Are they gonna do a zipper job? Oh, they love to do zipper jobs.
Mile one-fourteen, clean as a whistle.
Come on.. Come on. Yes! (Sees a falling star) There's one! (Yelling out) I wish I don't drop dead!!
Oh, Jerry, this is a piece of junk. (drops racquet in the trash) How are you gonna be the executor of my living will?
Jerry, tell him how good this cantaloupe is.
Nah, nah, he's not going to know the difference.
Yep. Sat down, had herself a piece of pie.
Well, your attitude has certainly changed.
I can't I can't
(once again, overly excited) Now are you just sayin' you want to have fun or do you reallllly want to have fun?!
Oh, yeah, thanks. (gets ball) Yeah, it's got the magic grip. How d'you think I bowled that two-twenty today, huh? (sees Indian) Yo! Where did this come from?
Ohh kay! Well, you know, I had Bob Saccamano on the phone, and I suddenly realized that I- (Elaine stops him)
It is very obtrusive.
No, no, no she can't tell. It's a perfect match. Beautiful job.
(reasoning) We just don't think you're ready for a serious relationship!
(Explaining why they are doing so bad) Well, we're still, uh, learning the subtleties of the table.
Well Lomez, he usually runs it but he's in the Everglades.
You know, you should call this off, Elaine. It's a barbaric ritual.
Yeah.
(opens door) Uh--George, uh--uh--it's five o'clock in the morning, what's the matter with you..
Oh, like you're gonna stop?
Cage-free, farm-fresh eggs.
I am baking a pie!
Well come on George, finish the story.
What's the matter? You've got a cold?
(looking after fleeing car) Newman! The white whale!
Mary Hart!
Oh yeah, I'll take good care of her. (Rips out the screen door)
Our rickshaw?
(claps hands) Yes indeed.
Boy, I really liked the two of you much better when you weren't a couple. (He exits)
The name on the boat. Look at it.
Yeah. Joe DiMaggio.
Well, I'm taping Canadian Parliament, you know on C-Span.
Hi Todd.
Well, would I be able to communicate?
(Complaining) I'm even more potent now!
God!
Yeah, I know! I was watchin' the game.
let go, hey grab the rock
Jerry. Uh, can we talk?
No, I'm in my shower. Well, you know, I'm trying to get out of the shower sooner, and then I ask myself, 'Why?' I mean this is where I want to be. So I got a waterproof phone, I shaved, I brushed my teeth, and now I ordered a pair of chinos from J. Crew.
Well, people kept ringin' the bell!
Hi,
Uh, is it all right if I stay for the intervention?
Okay.
Yeah, you're looking at the new Santa at Coleman's Department store.
I'll let her down easy. All right. (he gets up and walks to Olive) Well, hi Olive. (she reaches for Kramer's back) No, no. No more of that. There's something I have to tell you.
Hey! You gonna let me try the other one right?'
No, I can't, I can't. See, I told Frank he could borrow it. Yeah, he wants to move some of George's stuff into storage.
What's the problem?
Well, she's Jerry's girlfriend.
Jeez!
Oh! Well, How do you like that. I got rope. Um, I gotta go.
You got a problem with Woody Woodpecker?
They're Geoffrey Haarwood's.
H-Hey. She's hungry Jerry.
Hey.
(to Gary) How you doing?
If you were Miss America, what would you do to make the world a better place?
Hal, .. uh Langerhans.
All right, Even Steven. Oh, by the way, when you get back to your apartment try to keep it down because Newman is taking a nap in your bed.
ya....Yes!....Yes! it's back I can taste again. ( to a passerby) Hey! What's the date today?
He's mad, isn't he? See, I knew it.
No, no. That's from, uh, Star Trek III... The Search for Spock.
Well, you're going over there.
Hey, uh, I'll see you boys later. (TURNS TO LIBRARIAN) So uh, what's a guy got to do around here to get a library card?
Oh yeah. Well, he throws down his bat, he comes racing up to the mound. Next thing, both benches are cleared, you know? A brouhaha breaks out between the guys in the camp, you know, and the old Yankee players, and as I'm trying to get Moose Skowron off of one of my teammates, you know, somebody pulls me from behind, you know, and I turned around and I popped him. I looked down, and woah man, it's Mickey. I punched his lights out.
All right, you can have it. (Kramer tosses the statue to George.)
Yeah, hey Jerry, what's your licence plate number?
No.
Mmmm, this is pretty good chow, huh?
Believe me, Jerry, somewhere in this hospital the anguished "oink" of pig-man cries out for help.
Awe, alright
(getting a bottle of water out of the fridge) Yeah, well, Elaine's new boyfriend, you know. He's giving me this oversize chest of drawers. It's a Farbman.
Wheehh
You think that dentists are so different from me and you? They came to this country just like everybody else, in search of a dream.
(takes one look and sets off after Newman) Jeez!
(to Siena as she's walking out, but she appears to ignore) You know George really likes you.
You're really helping me out with this, buddy. Kids are gonna be so thrilled.
Hi.
Yeah, went straight to video.
Ha ha, the Ukraine. Do you know what the Ukraine is? It's a sitting duck. A road apple, Newman. The Ukraine is weak. It's feeble. I think it's time to put the hurt on the Ukraine.
Really.
Read another poem.
Hey!
No, not giving. hoarding. I'm storing it in to a blood bank. Just in case.
It's yellow mustard. [To George] Can you break a twenty?
You got that straight.
The Drake, he found out that the wedding is on the same day as the Super Bowl. So he wanted to postpone it, they got in a big argument and *phlf* it's over.
Why don't you take a handicap spot...
May I..( pointing her food)
Well I thought it was so your parents wouldn't walk in while you're with a girl.
Oh, hey!
I just joined the Polar Bear Club.
Oh it's a orgiastic feast for the senses. The want and the festival, the sites, sounds, and colors an mmmummumm mumm
Elaine, all right, who looks better in this shirt? Me or Mickey?
Yeah, right, right, and on the cover is a built-in coaster. (clicks tongue) Alright, well I'm gonna go.
Oh no no no, this is no joke. O'Brien's coming in from Chicago, Jerry's in a limo, says he's O'Brien? That's not funny. Oh my god. Yes. Yes!
I think he looks fantastic.
Yeah, all right. Taxi's on me. (he walks off camera)
Well?
Jerry, look how tense you are... You need to take a soak.
Yeah, you should. I certainly remember you. Let me refresh your memory.
Jerry, have you ever seen the business hotels in Tokyo? They sleep in tiny stacked cubicles all the time. They feel right at home.
"Well, because we hit it off and he was very impressed with what I do."
NO, he's not.. Just a fat little mental patient.
Now, Bobby, Bobby, we had a deal . . . gimme that
Well, Newman, I need your wish to protect me from FDR.
Listen to this, "If a player cleans his ball during the play of a hole accept on the putting green he shall incur a penalty of one stroke. " That's a rule, Jerry.
Well Stubs has already sold it to some guy who's kid's in the hospital .
Well you know, these sneakers, they belong to my neighbor, Jerry Seinfeld? The comedian.
What do you mean?
(quietly) L-l (look)
I'd like to get some coffee.
Well, guess what, FDR? I made a wish on a shooting star last night, and I wished, against your wish.
I'll do it.
Tape her breasts together. (Jerry is shocked.)
Uh, yes. Well, it's, uh, very intriguing.
You wanna rent a movie?
We're straightening out!
Oh, all right. (Olive scratches, Kramer enjoys, Elaine and Jerry watch.)
You know I never got a library card.
No, I fled the scene.
That's right.
Well it's a story about love, deception, greed, lust and...unbridled enthusiasm.
And we're off.
He's a friend of a friend. You know Corky Ramarez up on 94th Street? One day he and I are playing Pachinco--
Yeah, well, H&H wouldn't let us use their bath room while we were picketing. It put a cramp on our solidarity.
Come on, I'll rub some on yours.
I parked in front of that restaurant . As soon as this race is over I got to go to the airport.
Come on, one lap around.
All you have to do is wear the fur so Silvio thinks it's yours.
Smile, everyone! We're back!
I have a right to be here. These are my fans. Hey you're hurting my elbow.
Oh you better believe it buddy. Hey George, we could double sometime.
I don't think I can talk to you any more. I feel inferior.
I'm lookin' at Ray's Pizza. You know where that is?
(Moving to the window) Thank you, thank you, thank you. (Sits in Jerry's chair, looking out the window)
Hey.
The coffee table book. It's a go-oo!
What test?
Hey everybody. (to Jerry) Listen, uh, do me a favour, will you? I got a hot date tonight with Connie. Knock on my door, wake me up in twenty minutes, alright?
Well, no. They're not really in the supermarket. Yeah, they got their own case at the end of the aisle.
Oh yeah. Every which way. Couldn't crunch the numbers. It drove me crazy.
They moved in together?
Y'know, we'd take them off your hands, free of charge.
I'm sorry. I thought it was a legitimate charity. I didn't know you'd get audited
Those people, listen to yourself.
Hola, Jerry! I'm into this Puerto Rican day! The sights! The sounds! The hot, spicy flavor of it all! It's caliente, Jerry!
Yeah, sure, um, oh boy, . . .
(ignoring them) Now.. This is the tape that we made earlier and I think, that I see. a couple of buds right here.
Okay, Jerry has a friend who has free tickets to the Cayman Islands for this weekend. Hes not going.
Uh, yeah, ah ...
Jerry, where have you been?
Oh, you didn't sneak a peak?
Just keep the lights down and your eyes closed. I'll be back.
All right.
We are talking.
it's in my book - "Astonishing Tales of the Sea" 51 people died.
Well, the four of them, they picked me up by my pants and they threw me outside, right into a horse.
Yeah, well I wasn't looking for a long term relationship. I was on TV.
It's sad , Jerry. It's a sad state of affairs..
Oh, that's a prickly one.
All right, let's go.
oh oh oh oh oh
Well you know all my life I've been running away from that name. That's why I wouldn't tell anybody. But I've been thinking about it. All this time I'm trying not to be me. I'm afraid to face who I was. But I'm Cosmo Jerry. I'm Cosmo Kramer. And that's who I'm going to be. From now on that's who I'm going to be. I'm Cosmo!
Whoo. It's like a sauna in here.
Yeah, your spirit, your, uh, being. The part of you that says, "Yes, I can!"
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Listen, I'm gonna need those glasses.
No I wasn't able to sip it in my normal fashion.
Jerry, as the Bible says; Thou who cureth, can maketh ill.
Are you sure you're not pregnant?
Sorry I couldnt get out of there, what did I miss? (asking his "intern")
What state?
I told you he could do it.
C'mon , c'mon what's the matter?
Oh, yeah?
I am looking for quarters for the dryer.
Oh! Jeez! Well, you've got a maid. It's a whole different world downtown-- different Gap, different Tower Records, and she's a 646.
Because of the coffee thing?
How much do you make?
So, how long you been drivin' this thing?
(fearful) There was a man, he was trying to get into my apartment last night. He was jiggling the doorknob for twenty-five minutes.
Oh.
Levels.
George, there's no traffic at this time. Now, come on, man...
Yes, Yes. It worked. Sister Roberta Ive still got time to catch her.
Yeah, and this is just the Upper West Side. Wait until I get to the Village, then you're gonna see a magic show.
Alright let's compromise. Twenty-five percent.
Well its a Bordeaux. Robust, bold, very dry. As opposed to a Beaujolais -- which is richer and fruitier. Ahh, here's one. Twelve dollars.
...then, when I was seventeen, I ran away from home and hopped a steamship to Sweden. (beat) This steak is excellent, by the way.
What about a big sponge?
Hey, look at this, c'mere. There's a naked woman across the street.
Oh, this baby loves the slob, loves it, eats it up. Eats the slob. Born in the slob. His father was a mudda'.
h-Yeah...
You better believe it.
Eyaaaya-ya-ya, I'll ask the questions. What happened?
(Like a professional) Well, that's because you don't know how to follow through correctly.
Hey. Well. (proffers the envelope) This was downstairs for you. Ker-ching.
You dont?
Uh, Headso...uh...The Denogginizer...Son of dad.
Encounter shiatsu.
Is that a problem?
Surprisingly, no. I'm freee, I'm unfettered... (opens door to leave, still very happy, then) Feel like a naked innocent boy rrroamin' the countryside!! (exits)
Elaine!
I don't wanna be a vegetable, Elaine. I just want out. (snaps fingers)
It's over!
Hey, I'm tellin ya the pig-man is alive. The government has been experimenting with pig-men since the fifties.
Hey! Anybody up for Lorenzo's pizza?
Yeah.
There's a few things in here, ah, peanut butter, cheese, yeah ...
Oh yeah, I got a big appetite.
Y'know I never figured you for a squealer.
I said how come it's takin' so long?
(loudly) Good morning, Mr Oh. I gotta make up the drawer.
But first, we're talking with, Jerry. (looks down to his yellow note cards) Okay, Jerry, uh, you uh, you drugged a woman in order to play with her toy, collection. How do you feel about that?
What do I need to talk for.. ha!, For to blab to the neighbors about George has a new fem-Jerry friend or to tell everybody at the coffee shop ho George is all mixed up in a perverse sexual amalgam of some girl and his best friend. See now, I've done all that.....Now it's time for silence.
yeah
An hour and a half!!! I was reading a manuscript, I just couldn't put it down.
And..voila!
Uh-huh.
Well, if she's available now, I'm not gonna let her slip through my fingers this time. Nooope. (does a little dance)
All right, I'll see you guys.
Talkin' to that woman.
(chuckles)
Here's your money.
Yeah.
Me too.
Well I could put a, dresser in there. I could get dressed while Im making breakfast.
(Judging up his next move) As soon as the game is over..
What did this guy do? What happened?
Well, that was alright, huh?
So you don't know where you got 'em?
What about Jerry?
Huh! You make a higher roof.
(giving George his coat) Oh ya thanks buddy.
About the opera.
Say you're getting intimate with a woman uh, you don't want her fumbling and struggling back there.
Yeah, well I couldn't get there in time to stop it, but you should have seen Little Jerry, Jerry! Flappin' his wings and struttin' his stuff! He was peckin' and weavin' and bobbin' and talkin' trash! He didn't even have to touch him! The other rooster ran out of the ring. The whole fight lasted two seconds.
Yeah, put these glasses on.
Well, they got a stand right out on the platform. Gyros are cooked, and wrapped, and ready to go. (he pulls money from his pocket) Three dollars, no change. You want one?
Hey!
Of what?
(He shows her) This umpf thing.
And...cucumbers! (Grabs a large handful and puts them on the pizza.)
It's a pizza place where you make your own pie! We give you the dough, the sauce, the cheese...you pound it, slap it, you flip it up into the air...you put your toppings on and you slide it into the oven! Sounds good, huh?
Accident? This was no accident. These doves were murdered.
All right, look, one more bet. Double or nothing. C'mon.
(holding up a set of heavy chains) I'm gonna borrow this, huh?
Newman!
I think so too.
"Yeah! yeah! right after I left the Y."
I am telling you, this woman is strange. She never wants to leave the apartment. It's almost like she doesn't wanna be seen with me.
A mouse!
Aaaaahhh...!!!
(acting very bad) I saw Joe DiMaggio in Dinky Doughnuts again, but this time, I went in. (pause, stops acting) Oh! Uh, where's the bathroom?
(mocking) Too bad you got engaged.
(Declaring) I'm out!
(quietly) Hey, Jerry.
Who is it?
Well, I didn't believe you.
Me?
Yeah, sure. Please.
Gail Cunningham.
Damn!
Oh, you should see him do 'Flight of the Bumble Bee'.
And?
What
Quiet. Shh, don't say anything.
I told you, he thinks you're a phony.
Your boss. Didn't you tell him about the coffee table book?
Oooh, is that "Home Alone"?
El Paso? I spent a month there one night.
Oh, no. I'm fine. Serenity now. Serenity now. Serenity now.
Oh yeah. It's a warm and wonderful feeling, Jerry. So what are you doing later?
What?
What's the matter with him?
Jerry, where are all the tote bags?
Yeah. Well, you know, she was lucky I was in a good mood - coulda been a lot worse.
Hey, hey, hey! Look at what I got!
I used to have a problem. (into phone) Well, what d'you mean, he's not registered? Wha..S, E, I, N, V...
Do over  start with him.
I'd much rather get hit by an 80 pound air conditioner than a two ton cab.
Well, it's coughing, Jerry. It expells the diseased germs out of the body, into the air. (Makes a guesture of germs being in the air)
(to Jerry) Hey, man.
Uh, Pantene.
Maybe uh, it needed some air. You know sometimes they need air, they can't breathe in there. It's in human.
I drank too much water in the shower.
Euh what...What lot is that?
How can I possibly thank you?
well hello Jane
How about a bathroom?
Whoa!
Serenity! (He exits)
Aah!
Well, I gotta bring in more stuff. (Heads for the door)
I can't believe I didn't see it.
Don't worry, Cap, I can handle it!
Fungi.
That was a close one.
Comming up on the right, if you glance up you can just make out my bedroom window. It's the one that's covered in chicken wire.
Sure!
Because *you're* silly. Get it? (hands the Fusilli to Jerry) Yeah...
Yeah, I washed, just not the hand. You wouldn't believe the women at this club. Ohh, man.
Hey, man. Enjoy the food?
Uh, Kramer. (Jerry opens the door, Kramer enters. Elaine waves at Kramer with the keys in her hand.) Oh, hi...uh...you got the...
All right, all right, come on, now.
What are you doing out there?! You're holding up the production of the movie! We can't shoot and Woody, he's really mad at you.
Unh.... Sorry.
Are you through?
What're you talking about?! We had a deal!
Oh, I'm talking about the beach.
Yyyeeaaah!!
Well, Jerry, you can't deduct it now.
Are you sure?
I'm not going back in there!!
The pharmacy's still open.
Yeah,
I've always wanted to see this.
You awake?
What?
That's queer uh?
Yeah, and that something is life. Jerry, you gotta meet this gal - she's brimmin' with positivity!
Yeah, but did you tape it?
Well, Jerry, they're Japanese. I mean, that TV you watch, that sushi you eat, I mean, even that kimono you wear. Where to you think all that money goes, hmm?
I don't know about that outfit though.
Oh, I'm jiff.
Well...there's no logical explanation. All right. Well, shall we go home?
Oh, you just bring it in sideways and (pop) hook it.
Well, lets just say I didnt take him to Peoples Court.
Do you like tsimmis?
That's gunna be trouble.
Ya, you have any others?
You talk about your day. How was your day today? Did you have a good day today or a bad day today? Well, what kind of day was it? Well, I don't know. How about you? How was your day?
(abruptly) Well, I'll see you.
Jerry, that was superheated water, nothing could live in that.
I won't!
Yeah, she was just showing me pictures of places I can visit when I go to Puerto Rico...you know, when you two went down there?
Euh.. We don't go to enough theater.
No, no, n--Well, you know, I wore 'em for about a month but I couldn't stick with it. No, I need the secure packaging of Jockeys. (he's serious. Then he makes a hand gesture of grabbing up) My boys need a house!
(Closing door) The cool evening breezes of Anytown, USA. Let's see how this baby closes. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Jerry, Jerry they found a tee.
Well sounds like someone's having a bad day.
Well, I happened to be eating at Poppie's when I told him the "old" idea, and his eyes - waaaaaah! - just lit up. You know, he wants to back it.
Jerry, are you aware that adult diapers are a six hundred million dollar a year industry?
Uh huh.
It's very refreshing!
"Yeah! He has clean looks, scrubbed and shampooed and...."
A big fat turkey.
Oh, thank you, FDR! All right, now were even.
So am I. What about my feelings? Don't my feelings count for anything? Oh, only the poor monkey's important. Everything has to be done for the monkey! Look, I'm sorry. I--
What, did you ask her?
(listens) Uh, yes. Uh uh, Doctor uh, Reston, is he in? Well, this is Kramer and uh, he's expecting my call.
Because nobody does it like she does. She's the best.
Got the paper?
Well I won them anyway.
the rock
Hey.
(yelling) I'm starting a Peterman Reality Bus Tour. Check it out. Hahaha.
Hey.
I come in here to get a pleasant meal and if we're not gonna have one I'll grab a bite to eat at your place.
No. No
I don't even know their names! Look, why don't you just take the one that was on the left?
If a guy saved your life you'd be in love with him too.
Oh, I love curls.
Oh yeah! It's you!
Oh ah, yeah, I'm here for the audition.
Oh, yeah, good for you. Hey, you have to look your best. You're out there now.
...F, E, L, D. (half-laughing) Well, I think you're wrong. (listens) Alright, you have a lucky day, too.
(inspecting Jerry's van) So, how come you're selling it?
Eh! Come on. What did you say?
Talk to me.
That kid...
How did this happen?
I'll just squeeze in...
No I'm afraid I couldn't do that.
(Laughing) But, it's only a toy!
Look I want thirty-five percent.
All right, all right. Newman, let's go grab some mail sacks and haul these beauties out of here.
You'll be fine as long as it doesn't hit you right in the pupil, 'Cause then the whole ball will go up like the Death Star. Tchoo! I gotta go find a bathroom.
I told you she liked me.
Thanks buddy. (goes over to the fridge and pulls out a few things)
(lighting his pipe) Well, it's a rare archival print. (jumps as his burns his fingers) Twelve extra minutes, full wide-screen CinemaScope, and if you come to the one o'clock show, you can hear Geoffrey Har-harwood.
Yeah, we're going down to Mt. Sinai Hospital, See they hire actors to help the students practice diagnosing.
(singing) Nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-nine bottle and cans in the trunk, nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-nine bottles and cans. At ten cents a bottle and ten cents a can, we're pulling in five hundred dollars a man. Nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-eight bottle and cans in the trunk, nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-eight bottles and cans. We fill up with gas, we count up our cash!!...
I know, it's a long story.
Well, there is something you can do.
Yeah, yeah.
They wont take a cage full of birds.
Yeah (quietly)
I'm going upstairs.
Ya.
Goohhhhck.
Uh, hey buddy.
Over there. The Dominicans.
All right, Jerry. Let's see if you can get it in your head that this is not an Easter egg hunt for your childish amusement. (shuts door)
Of course, uh, this is Central Park. Uh, this was designed in 1850 by Joe Peppitone. Um, built during the Civil War so the northern armies could practice fighting on...on grass. Oh, yeah. Giddyup. On Rusty!
You gonna throw this out?
It can never be erased. It'll follow us wherever we go for the rest of our lives. I'll never be able to get a job. I mean, doesn't that concern you? Everything I've worked for...down the drain because of one stupid mistake. I mean, aren't we entitled to make one mistake in our lives, Jerry?
HUAAHHH!!
These street toughs, they robbed me.
Yeah, I'm part of the solution now Jerry. Yeah, I went down there and I checked it out this morning. Here, take a look. Mile one-fourteen.
Whoop! Whoop!
Hey, I just saw a pig man! A pig man! Ya know he was sleeping and then he woke up and he looked up at me an-and he made this horrible sound, this (Quells like a pig).
No Jerry! I - I need that chicken, I gotta have that chicken. Now you leave those roasters alone. Kenny never hurt anybody.
Davola?
Elaine?
You know, if you like that one, I got more.. what are you looking for? Romance? Comedy? Adventue? .. Erotica? (Clicks his tongue)
Yeah.
Come on, Jerry. How about a-a baggy swimsuit?
How often do you cut your toe nails?
Look, can't you take Jerry's check down?
Rock.
"You should take cold showers."
Look, she didn't mean anything.
Tony.
Won't it? Or is it already starting to happen?
Oh, come on!
Yeah.
Can you do that for me, buddy?
Yeah, don't I know it.
Yes! I would like to very much!... Well, I'm low, aren't I? I ca--I can feel it!...
Oh, so what are you gonna do? You gonna wait for the cable companies to resolve their dispute? They're gonna be in court for years.
Hey, where ya going?
Thank - you! (Gets his coat, and leaves)
You know that, uh, Leslie (Points to her) is in the clothing business? She's a designer.
Con dios? Well, that's rude.
Yeah, nothing. We're still following him.
For what?
Her bouquet cleaved his hardened...
Five seconds. And Marcelino says he's taking your check down today.
No, this is vintage. They don't make this stuff anymore.
My mom Babs.
Oh. (pointedly) So, how's the neck? Nice and loose?
Ooh! Remember Poppie?
Here, get a newspaper. (Kramer hands George a Newspaper)
Yeah, well, let me clue you in on something. There isn't.
"Hey! Got the new Penthouse"
Hey, Jerry. You know who the grand marshal is of this thing? None other than Miss Chita Rivera.
Oh. I talked to Arthur Jobanian. Yeah, the Drake's wedding? That's off.
Oh, come on.
Poor Pinkus, poor little Pinkus.
Oh, uh, uh. (Leaves)
Jerry, he probably had a cold.
Wait a second, he's getting off. Yeah, he's gonna be going south on the one-thirty-five.
Although the whole story kinda comes apart at the end there.
No! Jerry! (The FBI agents open fire. Jerry's gunned down by a hailstorm of bullets. Kramer leans next to a fallen Jerry, cupping Jerry's head in his hands) Cable boy, cable boy.. What have you done to my little cable boy?..
Alright, where you going?
Yeah. (He exits)
All right, all right, I'm gonna help you.
I was yelling at the litterbug. I mean this is my town. You don't throw trash on the streets of my town.
Alright, suit yourself. But let's keep this between us - we're key brothers now. (Gets up to leave.)
Now listen Porter, you know your mother and I love you very much. But sometimes people fall out of love. Now give me a big hug.
(enters) Well... I've had it with these jackbooted thugs!
Why? It gets hot at night, you can't sleep. You ever tried to sleep in a really hot room?
Yeah, going out with her Saturday night.
I'm the babysitter
Well, you tell me. Is the verdict in yet?
Well, you know, we were playing a game and, you know, I was pitching, and I was really throwing some smoke. And Joe Pepitone, he was up, and man that guy, you know, he was crowding the plate.
"You know.. You really shouldn't brush 24 hours before seeing the dentist."
Well, I can guess within an hour.
"Well he said that humm.. you know.that it helps his pathients relax a little bit..and he's got a new polithy Adults only."
No, of course not. (winks back)
Ooooh I like Ring Dings.
Yeah! So people can go around saying "hello" to one another.
All right, I?ll tell you what I?ll do. Cause you look like a nice guy, a thousand dollars for the duce.
Anyway, Jerry and Elaine felt very badly about what happened to you, and they wanted you to have this.
Well, you'd better take it easy.
That you had ice cream all over your face. They were talking about how funny you looked.
(breaking the antenna) Hey, hey. Take it easy. I'm not gonna be pressured. I'll walk away right now. Is this thing bent? I'm not paying for that.
I got mugged.
That was in the past, Jerry. As it happens, New York Magazine just judged his kitchen to be one of the cleanest in the city. They got a duck there, you think you died and went to heaven.
Well, I don't know what to do.
Like the big toe captain..
All right. Lay them on me. I'll take three.
That is *damn* good scotch. I could do a commercial for this stuff. Mmmmm, boy that Hennigans goes down smooth. And afterwords you don't even smell. That's right folks. I just had three shots of Hennigans and I don't smell. Imagine, you can walk around drunk all day. That's Hennigans, the no-smell, no-tell scotch.
Come on, Jerry, you're going to miss the exit.
George, you're becoming one of the gliterratti
Look, do you want me to get it back or not?
We'll start out with one, and they when it catches on, we're gonna have a whole fleet!
Uh, yeah, I bought Dungarees.
Newman! Hes good friends with him.
Hello boys.
Hi. I'm goin' through this stuff like water... (to Jerry) Who you talkin' to? (Jerry waves him away and moves towards the bedroom, still on the phone)
No sweat.
Have you ever *met* a proctologist? Well, they usually have a very good sense of humor. You meet a proctologist at a party, don't walk away. *Plant* yourself there, because you will hear the funniest stories you've ever heard. See, no one wants to admit to them that they *stuck* something up there. Never! It's always an accident. Every proctologist story ends in the same way "It was a million to one shot, Doc. Million to one."
(climbing though into the back of the truck) I'm gonna get something.
Nothin.'
Well, he moved to a hotel and the cat eventually died.
That was the wrong card.
Yes!
Oh, Jerry, you got my clothes?
(smiling) Oh yeah, yeah.
So, what's your game? What do you like to play?
From now on, I'll be calling the shots around here...
(bumping into a lamp) Alright, excuse me. Uh wait, wait.
(looking down, nodding) Hi.
You're a rabid anti-dentite! Oh, it starts with a few jokes and some slurs. "Hey, denty!" Next thing you know you're saying they should have their own schools.
Wha?
(suggestive) Oooh, baby. (smiles)
Come on! Look, I'll give you my next birthday wish, huh?
You stop it man.. you're FREAKING ME OUT!!!
You ever get a woman pregnant?
How 'bout zero?
I ran out of butter so I had to borrow yours. Anything else, Mr. Nosy?
Well neither am I.
(Confused) What?
Yeah, birds. She's got these trained doves, she does this magic act, that was her talent for the pageant. You know what I think, Jerry? I think somebody murdered those doves. Somebody wanted her out of that contest bad. Somebody who was just eaten up with jealousy. Somebody who just couldn't stand to have the spotlight taken off of them! (Kramer turns around and notices the empty icebucket on the edge of Jerry's balcony.)
Yeah. I dropped an egg. Be careful.
Madam, I pray you're not toying with me. (Olive shows her long finger nails) Whoa.
You know why Rifkin was a serial killer? Because he was adopted. (saying it as he's taking a lot of paper towels from Jerry's roll; Elaine and Jerry are confused at Kramer's statement) Just like Son of Sam was adopted. So apparently adoption leads to serial killing. (Kramer leaves and we don't know why he needed so much paper towels)
What, are you kidding? Opening night Pavarotti and Pagliacci. Ha, we're gonna clean up!
Can do.
(notices the painting) Whoa, man! That is the ugliest thing I've ever seen!
Huh.. wha- Didn't any of the guys come back?
I know.
No.
Ya?
Come on, did you ever read one of these?
You know, Frank can't be too comfortable with those things clanging around. He should wear something for support.
Jerry, are you blind? He's a writer. He said his name was Sal Bass. Bass, Jerry! Instead of salmon, he went with bass! He just substituted one fish for another!
Hey.
Heey.
Oh hey, you know I invited Mike Moffit. You don't mind, do you?
You said, no matter what you do or say, I'm not to give you the number.
I got him chewing but I don't think he's gonna swallow.
So, there were a lot of people there, huh?
Because if Jerry finds out that I'm hooked on Roger's chicken I'm back there with the red menace.
Look, I'll tell you what-- I'll split it with you
Hey, what are you gonna see?
Man, where did you learn to climb trees like that?
Why don't you sit down, Poppie? You're still recuperating. (Poppie moves to the sofa and sits down, and exhales a loud sigh of relief.) What, are you tired, Poppie?
I thought we would blend in.
(Angered) Yeah, well, I lost them all in the fire! (Leaning over the couch, he addresses George) Hey, George, maybe you can ask Susan's father for more, huh?
How much?
Alright, come on Frank. It's your shot.
Yeah, that would be nice. But I really just need this card.
Well it's muffin stumps
Eleven, corner pocket. (Pulls back on his stick, accidentally crashing it into the window)
Yeah, my mind's a blank, I'm sorta nervous, you know, uh...
Do? Do? Hey, I'm doing what I do. You know, I've always done what I do. I'm doing what I do, way I've always done and the way I'll always do it.
No.
You'll be pleased to see what's inside.
Hey, I just thought of a really funny thing for your act. All right, youre up there, youre on the stage and you go, Hey, you ever notice how cars here in New York, they never get out of the way of ambulances anymore. Someones in a life-and-death situation, and were thinking, Well, sorry buddy, you shouldve thought of that when you were eating cheese omelettes and sauages for breakfast every morning for the last thirty years.
Come on, come on, we're gonna pay you! Here have some mango.
Yeah. Newman jumped.
OH! I got to call her back.
Yeah, so?
You know, I dont even know why youre fooling around with this ring. Ive been telling you, get yourself some plugs. Or a piece.
I need to talk to you.
And then the game-winning field goal went over the net and into the crowd and I dove over three rows! My back, it's killing me! (whining) It's killing me Jerry!
Hey buddy.
The Tony is taking me to Sardi's.
Uh, I didn't see him.
Well, I'm off to the links.
Just show me the cheque, c'mon.
My friend he's a conductor.
Hey.
So? My lawsuit. I'm finished.
No, no, no.
It was a great lunch, Jackie. Thanks.
Hey! wait a second. You didn't say hello.
Yeah. Could you hold on for a second? I've got something on the stove.
And you're saying she's deaf.
Hey look, if you're going there, maybe you could pick me up some of this super hydrating, it's a total-protection moisturizer with Uva.
Showering. How long does it take you?
That's right.
Yep.
what?
(reads) Come celebrate the millennium, with Newmanniun. Newman!
Understand?
Alright, I'm gonna see you later.
He's my caddy.
Well, you're not reading it now.
I'm shaving with it.
Will you stop worrying? Jackie's going to get us off. He never loses. How about when he asked that cop if a black man had ever been to his house. Did you see the look on his face?
Boy, its too bad you gave me this one too.
Well, you blur your eyes like you're starin' straight through the picture. And you keep your eyes unfocused. And then... (Kramer and Pitt stare at picture) Oh, oh, oh, YEAH!
(loungingly talking on phone) It's a par five. So you know I step up to the tee and I hit a beautiful drive right down the middle of the fairway. I mean you know my hook, right?
Oh, do you say that Babe Ruth is a liar?
Well, yeah, Newman's helmet, it saved my life. Look at that.
Oo yiggity diggigg
Wide open!
Yeah!
Well, you just joked yourself right out of that commercial, didn't you, munjamba?
'cos the other night , you know, I was sleeping with Marion I rolled over and I cut her ankle with my big toe.
Got a minute?
No, y'know we took the old man's records over to Ron's and he tried to *screw* us so we got in a fight.
All right. Well, Jerry, we'd love to have you back anytime. (stretches his arm out, as if hes reaching out a good-bye)
(Looking at Jerry's doodle) That's a nice triangle...
(as he leaves with it) Crackers.
No, they never heard of him.
No time!
The woman is a menace.
Cigars? (hits the box)
He's holistic, George. He's holistic.
Well somebody had to. You know, just because a person's a smoker, that doesn't mean he's not a human being.
I told you, I threw it out.
So then I drive all the way up to the country club and then I find out they got a tournament goin' on. Do you mind if I smoke?
I guess I hit the snooze... (Jerry runs by Kramer and Kramer falls down)
I fell asleep in the hot tub and the heat pump broke. Water went down to 58 degrees. I can't get my core temperature back up!
[taking Jerry's couch cushion] Yeah.
(shouts to the telephone) Hi George!
Well, it better not. Paid for the whole year. So, should I pick those up later?
Ooh! !Dios mio!
But you haven't seen..
Hmm. That's a shame.
Ok, but I got this...
Hey.
For you he would.
See, I told you, Jerry, I told you!
I'm at the airport.
Right!
Jerry, buddy, I got to tell you something. That voice is played.
Har-harwood, Jerry. He was the assistant wardrobe man on Spartacus. Some fascinating insights into the production.
Jerry, your grandmother gave you this gift. She wants you to spend the money, to have the fun that she can't have. Oh, this is tantamount to a slap in the face.
yeah, all right, yeah. (hangs up) They don't have any. But don't worry I'm going to get you one somewhere.
HEY YOUR LIGHTS ARE ON! (shouting out the window)
Uh, did you?
Disaster.
Very... much...
Oh I see. (Elaine walks up to him) Woof!
Goodnight, Mr Yamaguchi.
Well, occasionally I like to help the humans.
Yeah.
How much?
(pleading) Elaine, you can't go to Newman's Newmanniun.
Let me taste it.
Movie?
Oh, because I called over there a couple of times and the manager didnt like it.
"So you got any cavities?"
Well, I ah, gotta give him something. Come on, where's that tape I shot?
Well, that's good news.
Uh. Jerry. These nosebleeds are starting again.
Well, my friend is awful disappointed is all. You know, she's very emotional.
(slaps Lloyd on the shoulder) Sit down. (sits himself)
Huh, oh hey, look at this. (he pulls a little tube out of the bag) It's the super hydrating, triple-action moisturizer, hmm.
So what's going on, how did all this happen?
O'Brien? Well that's weird.
Pisano's. That's the place by the stadium right?
These are great seats huh?
There's no problem, really.
He Jerry, I'm going to waldenbooks.
Hey, buddy.
(in the shower, reading an instruction manual) Installing your Clarkman garbage disposal. Dismantle latch hasp beneath main drainage lot. Oh, come on, Clarkman.
Whoa, whoa. Can't? When did that word enter your vocabulary? What, is the job too difficult? (Jerry nods) What, you don't have enough experience? (Jerry shakes his head) Oh, you're not smart enough? (Jerry shakes his head) Where's your confidence? (Jerry shrugs his shoulders) Look, Elaine, let me tell you a story. When I first studied karate...
(to Jean-Paul) Here, feel my hand. (takes off glove) Yeah, feel.
You got ripped buddy.
...Okay, yes, shoot.
Yeah. That's strange.
Why don't ya' leave?
Bette is recuperating right now and I'm not going to allow anything to disturb her.
Donna!
(shivering) You know I'm freezin. Im definitely freezin. I can't stop shaking.
Well, I don't know what to do man!
Whoa, back up a second.
You demand perfection from yourself, from your soup.
Hey. That's a big oven. Huh. Listen. I was wondering if you could do me a favor.
Oh yeah, yeah, great. (calling after the guy) And get some of those blue corn chips.
No problem. Yeah, you'll have the whole thing installed by the time you get back.
No, a thousand!
Yeah, thats Jerry, you dont have to worry about him. Why dont you go across the hall and get started on that mail.
Nothing Nothing.
Need any help with those?
What?
You're not going to believe what happening with Leslie. You know, ever since you agreed to wear the puffy shirt on the Today show, she's been getting all these orders from boutiques and department stores..
Come on, I'm tellin' you, it's great. I opened up all the windows... the air is cold, the tub is boiling hot... It's like Sweden, man. Sweeeeden!
Yeah.
Look, if you think I'm just going to step aside and do nothing while you defile this woman, you're crazy.
You know, maybe in Korean "dog" isn't an insult. Could be like the word "fox" to us. Oh, she's a DOG!
Newman!
A little wetter. See, I didn't believe it.
Huh?
(snaps his fingers) That's perfect. (to the Japanese) Hey, how would you guys like to watch Super Terrific Happy star Jerry Seinfeld?
Alright, Let's go but something. Then we'll get some change.
It'll take you ten seconds.
Uh, well, we, uh, we had to leave early. There was a, uh, slight monetary discrepancy regarding the bill.
(nervous) Okay, well, uh, I'll uh, I'll get the Cubans.
Well I got it!
So Jackie, do you think we gotta case?
They're never in contention.
I knew you would.
Well, I... uh, nothing. No, I'll, um, I'll switch it back.
Oh, you don't remember me.
Male mammal. Approximately 30 to 60 years of age. Weight...uh indeterminate. Ok, Mr. Kruger, we are gonna take a photo now for the records. So if you'll stand up please and give me a big smile, oh no no no, not that big. Yeah, that's nice, yes okay. Yes, let's have a looksee...ok, so eh, fiber from shirt on the left shoulder. I'm gonna have to keep my on that.
(rips open package) Yeah, that's...
What do you mean 'my own words'? Whose words are they gonna be?
Yes, that's true.
The whole apartment. And I'm buying that fake wood wallpaper. I'm gonna surround myself in wood. It's gonna be like a log cabin. 'Cuz I *need* wood around me. Wood, Jerry [Snaps fingers]... Wood.
Right. Yeah. The polls close after dinner, three o'clock. But then when we win, the celebration goes all night until the break of eight p.m.
It's also playing in theater number two at 900.
She's a doctor, I got a thing for her.
"No No I've been living alone a long time now."
Um-hm.
Yeah.
I need you to sit in the car for two minutes while its double-parked. I gotta pick up some birds.
Done.
I'm in. Let's go for it.
You *stink*. Why don't you go take a shower?
Getting something to eat.
Downtown.
Well, why no T-bone?!
I don't know.
Well, you bought me dishwashing gloves. There's no *fine touch*...
How tall are you?
It'll be operative thing, he would barely feel it.
Well, I got this new poster. 3-D art? Computers generate 'em.
Saddle up and ride. (opens the fridge and pulls out some food -- takes a big bite)
Which one?
It's a one-time fee. A hundred and fifty bucks. Why live like this?!
Well I didn't know the balm was gonna work.
Which one?
Why?
C'mon it's my turn.
Well, its just some people I met at a rock concert. (Phone rings.) Do you mind if they use your bed? (Jerry give Kramer a look.) Cause theyre really good people, Jerry. Im telling you. You know, theyre anarchists. Theyre.. theyre.. theyre.. huge.
Yeah, go ahead.
I told you I was retiring. I moved in next door.
Let me smell you.
Is that seat taken?
Wow. You're so pious. I really respect that. You know when you die, you're gonna get some special attention.
Oh, yes, I am.
Jerry! Im gonna find your stuff. Im gonna solve it, Im on the case, buddy, Im on the case.
Look at hose babies [hands]. They're prunes. I saw Conrad going up to oyur place.
Maybe it was a reaction to the sardines.
All right, I'll take Karen.
What?!
Oh. Come on.
If they like me, why don't they ask me to go? Oh yeah.
Alright, FDR. This wish is for all the marbles. You win, you get your wish - I drop dead. I win, I don't drop dead, and I get one-hundred percent anti-drop-dead protection -- Forever.
Remember this?
No, no, he's out. He got out. See, the medical establishment, see, they tried to frame him. It's all politics. But he's a rebel.
Anyway, you were lucky that I was there. You lost a lot of blood.
No, I'm not going to let this happen.
Oh! I know who it is. Stacy Keach.
Ive got the Kavorka Jerry.
Well, he thinks you wear those.
Yeah.
You're moving to California?
Yes.
Yeah, those are New York plates.
Have you ever met my guys?
...sluggish.
Why were you holding the door open for?
Steve Gendason.
Well, it's not the size of the opponent, Elaine, it's, uh, the ferocity.
no no no, I don't think so. You love him
Stop right there.
Huh? Well, I'm gettin' out of town. I'm gonna visit Madeline for the weekend. You know, this place is lookin' kinda messy. What happened to Cindy?
When I was a kid, all I ever dreamed of was steering the back of that big hook and ladder.
Heyahhh!
The horse is gassy. Must have been the Beef-A-Reeno.
You're scared of Elaine?
You mean you've never tasted lobster?
(light admonishing, under breath) Let's just try, an' have a nice time for once, an' we'll talk about this when we get home..
Ah, you've selected ... Brown-Eyed Girl? If this is correct, press one.
No, I couldn't, his cab pulled away. But he did, however, make an impression on me. (Pulls up his sleeve and shows George his arm.) Look.
Yeah, we'll stop by Phil's, we'll pick up the key, uh?
Yes, that's my contention.
What's today?
Keep away Jerry. Keep away.
Let me have her number.
Yep yep yep.
I know, I know. But I need a new look, I'm stagnating.
Come on ,Just take a taste
You don't know what you're missing buddy.
No, that's yours. My half is gone.
What, you're giving him this suit?
(to car as it accelerates away) Hey pig!
Hi. How are you?
I'd look again. So ah, how come you didn't call Jerry about all this?
The add said that the bank's gonna pay a hundred dollars if you are not greeted with a hello
Maybe I outta go over there.
No, Jerry, it's not what you think it is.
Yeah...
I love her!
Habla espanol?
Oh, no, of course you don't. You're a Man's Woman. You hate other women, and they hate you.
Yeah, it's like this every day in Puerto Rico.
Nah, I'm sorry, honey. Not on my watch.
Henry... can I get out of here now?
Hey.
That's a....ca.....ca..........Condom!!
Well, you know, those annoying little bumps on the lane-lines? (makes noise - bum, bum, bum, bum, bump)
That's a nipple.
Yeah, oh, yeah. Yeah, he's not gonna do it. (Leaves)
(TOUGH TALKING) Now listen to me you little quack, There was a half man, half pig in that room over there. Now where is he?! Where is he?!
Protect Festivus! Hey, no bagels, no bagels, no bagels, (Continues to chant)
Serenity now, serenity now...
Oh, the cameras was, vrooom, there. The announcers, they made a couple of cracks about you.
Oh, good morning, Miss Brown.
Jerry's teasing. Uh-oh! Commercial. Oh, you going to the bathroom? Yeah. I'll go, too.
Jerry, George!
Wow.
So, what's George doing?
If it's a dime a day it could be $100,000
I said " Wave to me when you pass my window."
ouhhh -- I had Uma Thermans number written on that stub. I lost Umas number.
Yeah but what if I am? I'm the last... male Kramer! We're facing extinction!
Hey! You're back!
Yeah, I wanna wear that shirt next time.
I have to?
Hey Jerry, you want this, cause I'm going to give it to a homeless person.
Jerry.... hey Jeannie.
Huh? Well, it symbolizes our persecution.
Shut up! I'll get my coat!
I gotta go find this kid. So all you gotta do is lay here, pretend you're asleep in case she gets back, here (grabs the covers and throws em over Mickey) keep the covers over ya.
You know, I faked it.
What's doing?
Just be yourselves. ( Elaine plays with her hair flirtingly)
Two and a half points.
Oh? What's she in for? (putting groceries in the fridge)
Lets go get him.
Hey buddy.
Mansiere?
That looked like milk to me! Jerry my Rods and Cones are all screwed up! Alright, that's it.  I gotta move in with you Jerry.
The only way to fly.
(offended) 'Literally'? What's THAT supposed to mean? (then to Jerry, before Elaine can answer) You mind if I hide this somewhere?
You get to make your own pie!
Well, he did. You know, after that, he had a nervous breakdown? Had to spend a few months in an institution.
They are shut. Oh by the way, your friend Seth, he stopped by.
hello
(talking to himself) Im not happy about this.
Well whats the difference -- Come on (pats him on the back) -- were like Cain and Able.
Oh - geishas - they cater to your every whim. They're shy at first, but they're quite skilled at conversation. They can discuss anything from world affairs to the fine art of fishing - or baking.
Oh, uh, Helena, how are you?
Come on, Jerry, just let me help you.
Aahh, this looks familiar
What do you mean?
Well, I heard that you have a very uh, special birthday card .with all the Yankee autographs on it.
No, no, no. Give it to her. I'd rather it belonged to another than see it destroyed. Newman, give it to her, I beg you.
[OC] THE BEACH!!!
You've got a message buddy.
Yeah, well, now you kids don't go out and try that. You stay in school!
Yeah, she is the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I love her Jerry, I really love her. I'm gonna ask her to marry me. She's got everything I've always wanted in another human being. Except for the walking.
Sperm count? Well how many ssssperm should I have?
(halfheartedly) Yeah, well I'm really happy for ya.
Thanks. (Kramer leaves, phone rings)
Oh, go down to 88th Street. They're free.
What else?
No no you know we're not partners. I only get twenty-five percent.
You looking for this? (Holding up lobster)
So, what do you think?
"BUT I CAN'T FEEL ANYTHING."
What?
Thanks man.
Could be fun. Don't have to worry about your meals, or what you're going to do Saturday night. And they do shows. Yeah, we could put on a show - maybe "Bye Bye Birdie" or "My Fair Lady". Elaine, you could be Liza Doolittle.
That's a nice name. Todd Gack. Is that Dutch? (Dingggggg) Oh baby. Here we go. Uh momma.(putting his fresh out of the oven shirt on) Hey George hey.
I know, I know, but man! I never felt so alive! Now, are you coming with me?
So she works at the zoo?
Well, it seems that due to the vagaries of the production parameters of this fragmenting of the audience to the cable television, carnivals, water parks...
C'mon, just this one time! It's expensive!
Oh yeah, it's all set. They got the bug boy on him.
NEWMAN ! Stop it!!
(to Judge) I was very upset that day.
Well I don't want a big flat noodle.
I told you! Now, Frank, listen. Here's what I'm thinking. Now, you have a friend in the bra business, right?
Well it's Frank and Estelle's reaction of hearing George's man love towards she-Jerry.
All right, everybody! I'm back!
Oh.
I think we are looking half a millimeter.
Jerry, how about you?
Wait, uh what are ya' doing?
What's that perfume?
Ohh!
Now I don't want any trouble Calvin.
Naw ,na , that's no good.
Well, I, uh, I borrowed it last night and it got a little dirty.
Oh, alrighty uh...
That's a fallacy.
Wide open, I was wide open underneath! I had three inches on that guy. You two were hogging the ball.
What's that?
Thats as good as anything you do.
(dismissive) Yeah.
My mother told me that he got arrested for mail fraud
No no no, I don't have time right now. I'll catch you tonight, we'll do sort of an all over kind of thing, all right?
Yea these are a hot item over at Rudy's.
No, no. I don't wanna say it out loud. Kills the spontaneity. You know, Gleason, he never rehearsed. (indicates phone) 'Kay, go 'head, do it.
Now, it's called the bro.
Oh. Jerry, those are the guys that mugged me for the armoire.
What are you doing to yourself?
Waited all year and I can't even taste it..
HEY!! Sh..! Shii! MAMA!!
Anyway, we were on the couch, I move to hug her, next thing she tells me she's leaving; she's got to get up early.
Oh, there's leg work.
Well I......( Elaine pops in at that moment)
Well, neither should I! Jerry's the one who left the milk in the refrigerator.
Did you bring the video camera?
No, Sir. We are down there.
(Wiggling and floppin) Pull Down
What! (Kramer is back to his usual way of speaking)
Alright listen to me, I got a great idea. Now, you're a heavy sleeper, right? Why don't we just switch apartments?
There's a check in all these? Why don't you cash them?
(Starts to tilt back onto the couch) You better get me. (Falls back and Jerry starts to him upright) Get me up, Get me up, Get me up.
Hey! I am looser than creamed corn!
Well that's weird
I gotta meet Anna's parents today, remember? I look terrible! I'm gonna hit the tanning machines.
(seems to pickup something on the floor) ....'s'this?
I tried bran-- 40%, 50% 100%. The bran isn't working for me.
(regretfully) Uh.. I know I'm gonna regret this. (sigh) All right.
You know, throughout this whole thing, she always kept a smile on her face.
All righty...
Nah.
(yelling at Tony) You'll have to do a lot better than that!
Come on, man. You need to lighten up. You know, a feeling like this only happens once a year.
Hey, Clyde!
Right.
Yeah, well, she... had one, too. (George enters)
Hey, I look like Joe Friday in Dragnet.
Ahh! Mr. Ross. Mrs. Ross. My name is Cosmo and I'll be your driver for this evening. We have blankets for your comfort. I also have hot chocolate if the mood should strike you.
Aw, c'mon.
(urgent) No, no. Don't look. Don't look.
Come on, Larry. You know me.
I didn't realize it was a full box.
Our day was ruined. There was a lot of people, you know, they were waiting by the player's parking lot. Now we're coming down the ramp ... [cut to film of the day - like the Zabruter film - with the Umbrella man and everything - Oh so brilliant parody!!!] ... Newman was in front of me. Keith was coming toward us, as he passes Newman turns and says, " Nice game pretty boy.". Keith continued past us up the ramp.
Oh, man. You know, youre crazy. Youre a good looking guy. What do you want to walk around like that for?
Oh, no, no, no. Not the Sunshine Carpet Cleaners?
Oh, well, I-I-I'm dominating.
Ok, c'mon... let's go check over at the ticket counter.
Oh, ah, well some guy kicked me in the side of the head.
No, he doesn't know. See, I hid it without tellin' him. So, uh, (starts walking towards door) Phil won't be compulsively looking for it like some people... You! (points at Jerry)
Uh, I gotta go meet Newman. All right. I'll see you later.
Ouch!!..........Now!!
(handing out anti-mail pamphlets) Here you go. Mail is evil. Pass it on. Hey, mail blows. Fax it to a friend.
Well, I was just watching them film yesterday and some guy just asked me.
Aaaah! Enough lying! The lying is through! C'mon, Jerry, the masquerade is over. You're thin, late thirties, single...
Oh, she's uh...she's real. She can bring home the bacon and fry it in the pan.
No kidding.
What did you do?
What do I mean?.. Well perhaps he thinks that you're working him for the discount. Shaking that little butt of yours into big, big savings.... And then when you get it,you know, you drop him like a hot potato.
(bangs arm of couch in frustration) You peeked!
Well, there really is no junk-mail...well, everybody wants to get a check or a birthday card, but...
Russell Dalrimple's secretary.
Do you ever yearn?
I still had it on video. We could have watched it later.
You know Frank, you could take a break.
(to the intercom) Come on up.
Yeah, well, you got that straight! (Turns to Elaine) Hey, Elaine, try the beef - because that's realy au jus sauce, huh. (Dramatically) Real au jus sauce!
Yes I am. We had a verbal contract. If we can't take each other at our word, all is lost.
Yeah.
How come you never said anything?
Its all supervised.
No, no, no, no. (comes in) This is evolutionary. I been reading this book, on Leonardo de Vinci. See, that means 'from Vinci', d'you know that?
So whadda ya think, Jackie? I mean we got a case?
Yeah, but I'm afraid of clowns!
Ho ho ho ho A racing car set! Those are assembled in Tai Wan by kids like you. And these Coleman pigs, they sell it at triple the cost.
(takes camera) Oh, yeah, sure.
For what?
Well, it's not really gold.
(leaving) I'll see you tonight, huh? (turning back, grabs his briefcase) Forget my briefcase.
No, I'm not gonna use the ticket! I'm gonna get my money, I'll get off the plane and turn your ticket in for a refund. It's not gonna cost you a dime! Now gimme the card.
Yeah, yeah. I think he will.
Oh yeah.
Not bloody likely..
I hate KEITH HERNANDEZ - hate him.
Hey there.
Yeah, okay, So I'll see you tomorrow uh?
Hey. Oh, uh, yeah. Uh, here are your pliers back....Weak hinge.
So you're bringing Danny Tartabull to the fundraiser tonight.
I...I...
Don't you get tired of following rules?
They're all looking up.
(pause) YEAHH!
I don't like the idea of a character based on me.
Oh I'll be up for it punk.
Oh yeah, you've got three pints of Kramer in you, buddy.
No he's not going to take it off. If he was going to go over there bald, I never would have introduced him.
No, sure sure, he wants to. It's very kind of you. Yeah, Jerry, he appreciates it. Don't you, Jerry?
She quit.
Her. (he points to the Elaine mannequin in Jerry's car)
So played.
Oh, my God...
Look at this. Boy, one minute Elliot Gould is sitting on you and the next thing - you're yesterday's trash.
That musta been some kind of doll.
Yeah I could have helped you out.
What?!
Yeah, it's a spaceship, surrounded by planets, asteroids...
Listen, this is a million dollars we're talkin' about, Jerry, now this is the big league, the big time, now I need you on my team, Jerry!
It would put me at ease.
The Samaritans were an ancient tribe - very helpful to people.
"Yeah! well ..that's the guy .He's organizing the dinner."
I thought we were friends...
So, my blood is not enough. Would you like a kidney too, because I'll give it to you? I'll rip it out right here and stack it on the table!
Out.
...and uh, I'm afraid we have a bit of a problem. Well, the point is, doctor uh, I'm very much in love with Elaine...
Yeah, an instructional video about how to make your own sausages.
Yeah
Well, I'm uh, I'm putting everybody's picture up in the lobby of our building.
Well, I signed up for a food delivery service, Now We're Cookin'. That's a play on words. You know, they're faxing me the menus from some restaurants.
Yeah, here it is... yeah.
Best two out of three? (Starts the pointing and the rhyme again) One spot, two spot..
Yeah, alright, fine. You sit there and you watch while Newman takes over the world. But he'd be a horrible leader. And you know who's gonna suffer? The little people; you and George.
Oh, yeah. This takes twenty years off.
(To Brody) C'mon, let's go.
Will you relax?!
Well, Mickey and her have a lot more in common. you know her parents are little people?
You know, I try to take care of myself. I - I watch what I eat. Ah, just recently I cut out fructose.
Yeah, ok.
Watch out!
That stuff is unbelievable. I'd eat it out of a dumpster.
Uh ya, it's right around the corner there.
(Butting in) Wait a second, wait a second. Count me in on this. (Clicks his tongue)
Hey buddy! Hey!
It's disgusting. I'm sitting there in a tepid pool of my own filth. All kinds of microscopic parasites and organisms having sex all around me.
Well, I overbought!
Anything new with that guy on drugs?
what about the driver?
Ohhhh, what's this?
Well, you know, the police, they've been having some internal dissension about the name.
Hey, Jerry, guess where I'm calling from!
Oh. What about?
All right, OK So you the name now. The cat is .a a a .. out of the bag.
Yeah, it's, uh, me.
It's Risk, Jerry. The game of world conquest. (brushing newspapers off the table with his foot and setting the game board down) Alright, that's perfect.
Remember I told you about the bank?
C'mon, retrace your steps. What d'you do today?
No no look, I was baby-sitting
D-d-d-d. I gotta switch shaving creams. I'm getting no protection.
Oh, hey, new racquet, huh?
Well, I'm gonna get your picture, and you're gonna participate in my program.
Say you got a big job interview, and you're a little nervous. Well throw back a couple shots of Hennigans and you'll be as loose as a goose and ready to roll in no time. And because it's odorless, why, it will be our little secret. (singing) h-e-double n...
Did you see that guy?
Rock, paper, scissors match.
(laughing to himself) Somehow I dozed off and woke up in a pile of garbage.
that's her
Well you got that big comfortable bed and that nice warm quilt.
Oh, no. I've been saving them up here in your apartment. And now, it's payback time. 'Pottery Barn' is in for a world of hurt.
Okay ah, (checks his watch) We're back!
Uh, listen, do you want me to stay here until George gets up?
We all know that this relationship isn't working. So Allison an' I think that the best thing to do is just.. make a, clean break.
Ah-huh.
George says "Cut it."
C'mon George relax . Just because they look alike doesn't mean you're secretly in love with Jerry.
Well, you better get on the horn.
Aw come on George, you can share it with me, huh?
Oh, thank you.
Yeah?
Dng-ga-gng-ga-wt.
(Stretching) Oh..
So thats the bedroom. Heres the bathroom. If you need to, you can familiarize yourself with the kitchenYeah, go ahead and look through some of the drawers.
Sure. I will.
She didn't have any?
Well, apparently NYU is very enthusiastic about their students getting some real world corporate experience.
(Frantic) No, no, no. Don't do it. Don't do it! For my sake! God knows I don't ask you for much! (Pleading) Now, come on. Please, Jerry. Please! I'm beggin' ya! Please! (Claps hands) Come on! Please!
Double exclamation point!
Well I put a bet down for ya on tonight's game. Yeah, if the Knicks beat the Pacers by more than thirty-five? It pays ten to one. Oo-oo! That's some sweet action!
Uh huh
Well, I've uh, I've changed my mind. I think I'm going to build a rollercoaster instead.
Oh, yeah--Sotheby's. Yeah. They make good cake.
Look at this, they are redoing the Cloud Club.
I, uh, need to speak to you about some lady problems.
Something's very strange. George goes to the airport to pick up Jerry. They come back in a limo with four tickets to the basketball game and wanna be called O'Brien and Murphy? O'Brien. O'Brien, why O'Brien?
What, are you locking the door now?
He doesn't like you.
You can get that in your arms?
(looking around) It's architecturally incorrect.
See, anybody can do this. (Tosses pizza dough into the air.)
Oh yeah she's a beauty.
(laughing) The French guy fell off his bike. Oh man, that's precious. (eats popcorn)
The work piled up, I lost track of time--
Shes a sweet kid.
(Takes it off the hook, and starts walking toward Jerry with it. He backs defensively backs away from it) Well, she asked you.
Did you enjoy the duck? (Elaine comes back from the bathroom.) Oh, Elaine! I was just asking how dinner went last night.
It's a great house, pool, sun deck? Yeah, I'll be there.
Wow, that's a lot of potatoes.
Yeah yeah Pete, he can get you great tickets to something.
Wellll, isn't it obvious?
I sure am.
Well, George has gotta be happy about this.
Jerry, you know that shoe repair place at the end of the block? Well, if they don't get some business, they're gonna have to shut down and make way for one of those gourmet coffee or cookie stores.
What?
"Jerry it's my fault .I couldn't make a shot. These losses they stay with me. They (?) Jerry. Now this is gonna plague me."( Puts on aftershave and cries out) OH! Mother!!!"
No, I got a girl in the next building
No, Im tellin you, people, they really want to make their own pizza pie.
Oh, she's a great laugher - right, Elaine?
YAOH!
Armani? Hey, Armani Jerry. (Kramer takes the suit and looks it over)
What, they drove to a dealership?
Aw right. I know I've been shooting off at the mouth lately; First with that girl whose life you destroyed and.. emm...about George dating a lady Jerry
No, I'm gonna turn around... I'm gonna get that guy...
YAH! No Buts
Yeah, merry Christmas.
Oh yeah? What about?
No. It's uh, (swaps patch to the other eye) it's itchy
You go to the airlines, you tell them you got a death in the family? They give you 50% off the fare.
Hey Babaloo, you better get home. You know this guy Bookman from the library he's waiting for ya.
Yeah, the Super Terrific Happy Hour.
You know all those stores canceled out on her? She's finished. (Concluding) We're (Leslie and him) finished.
I'll have a brewsky, Charlie.
Yeah,
(sitting back on the couch) Oh, can you? That's funny, because, as it happens, I don't have call-waiting. Seems to me that the phone company would know that.
You follow your katra, and you can do anything. (leads her to the door) Now get out of here.
Do you think that I forgot what you two said about her?
Lets see what Jerry has to eat.
Lock and load.
How bout me, Jackie?
Oh, yeah! Me.
Elaine.
Yeah. Well, he's a dear.
(mumbles and leaves)
Well, I got the hell out of there.
It's uncanny! It's like they chopped off your arms and legs, dipped you in plastic, and screwed you back all together again, and stuck you on a pedestal. It's really quite exquisite.
(pronouncing it "kar-ah-tay") Karate, Jerry. Karate. The lifetime pursuit of balance and harmony.
Elaine, you should be there to document it.
I want my vacuum cleaner! I know you can hear me. Look my mother, shes going to come and visit me. She sees that rug, shes going to kill me.
Okay, Im gonna take the suit, and the shoes, and the hat.
Well, get him to bark.
I lost my balance.
Cuz they're coming in from Florida as we speak.
Oh, I will. But now, I'm accountable. Alright, I take what I want.
Great.
Well, Jerry, it's your obligation. C'mon.
See, the other thing is, if you dont like anything, he takes it right back.
Oh, man. I think I cooked myself.
I went back with Ellen.
Yeah, that def jam is a force.
(Turning back to Jerry) Oh. So, did you make it through the night?
(CONT'D) Why? Nobody's around.
Yeah, yeah.
The way I figure it I've already been there and I plan on rounding second tonight at around eleven o'clock.
Ya well, theres no bet if Im not doing it.
Oh yeah, I've been known to drink a beer or two. But then again, I've been known to do a lot of things. (Waiter opens the counter which hits Kramer on the head) Cigarette?
Hi.
This guy leaves this jacket at my mother's house two years ago. Now, she hasn't spoken to him since and now he says he wants the jacket back.
Yeah?
..The busboy's coming! The busboy's coming!
Yes I am.
No way I'm taking fifteen.
"Ohhh H'am loaded."
This mango is delicious!
Who?
Oh?
Oh, just cooking up a little thank you for Puddy. Hey, how do you make those radish roses?
Come on, try it on.
What?
Listen. Heads up, Elaine. I'm gonna have to stop by later and pick up a fax.
Bennette right?
You want a taste? It's Cappuccino.
The CIA! Maybe they placed him in there to infiltrate the organization from within.
I'll show ya Rusty.
Hey. Well, I just saw Madeline off. Yeah. She's in a cab and--nguh nguh nguh--on her way. I miss her already.
Oh, it's fantastic. We were out in front of the post office today, and not one person went in.
(from his apartment) Hey, Jerry! Come here a sec!
He's the *phone* man!
Yeah, yeah. (goes to Phil's door) You know, it's a... it's a funny thing about that bird dying. I hid the key in Fredo's food dish. Whoo! That's a weeeird coincidence.
O.K.!
No you can't, Jerry.
So you'll do the movie? (Jerry watches the movie Kramer shot - we hear Kramer, on the tape say 'Ah man, I sat in gum')
What about Sundays and holidays?
Well, Newmans upstairs visiting Martin.
Whoa. That's the guy that I told where the elevator was.
That's pretty good, huh?
You're a chucker.
Uh, let's see... well.
Taste this.
Because most women when they're asked to sign a pre-nup are so offended they back out of the marriage.
What does it look like I'm doing? What?
Come on. What's the big deal? Just gonna put a little concrete in the washing machine.
I thought we were talking about me.
Hey, see, I like it like this.
There is no coma etiquette. You see thats the beauty of the coma, man. It doesnt matter what you do around it.
Sure do.
Oh, so far, so good...(looks at Mr. Kruger's shoulder) yeuye...
Death Blow When someone tries to blow you up, not because of who you are, but for different reasons altogether. (Jerry buzzes up George) Jerry, do you think you can get an extra ticket for my friend Brody?
I'll bet I can guess it.
(on his way to the door) Oh, oh well say hello for me.
(Tired) Oh, I can't go on. I gotta take a break. (Sets the rickshaw down - taking a rest)
Alright, what did you do to Poppie?
yeah!
No, no I can't comprehend it?
I don't see any tissues back her.. (Looks out the windows) Wait a minute!.. (Jerry looks like he's trying to keep something from Kramer) This isn't the way to the park! (Starts getting even more energetic) Where are we going?.. I recognize this block! (Looks at Jerry, scared) You're taking me to the doctor!
So I grabbed the guy by the collar.
I don't even want to look at you anymore! All these years of friendship and you're nothing but a felon. You're an embarrassment to the building.
Yeah.. (Sizes up his next shot. His stick jams into the window as he draws back) See? This is no good.. (Looks around the room. His sights fall on the Maestro's baton) Hey, the baton. (Chalks it up) I got a hunch, fat man, I can't miss. (Measures up his shot) 13 in the side pocket. (Does just that) Giddy-up. (Moves around to the other side of the board, judging his next move) Six in the corner. (Hits it in) This table's mine. (A series of Kramer's plays are displayed, and, on the last ball of the game..) You know where it's going..
The guy wouldn't give them to me because I wanted to pay in change.
Mike's outside. He wants to talk to you.
Well I had been swimming for three hours and I was in a real grove so I decided to keep going. But at ten they start the aquasonics Thirty-five geriatrics throwing elbows. It was like I was swimming through a flabby armed spanking machine.
Elaine, do you know how booked up this guy is? Now, if I send him away now, it's gonna take Jerry months to get him back.. He won't like that.
You know when you hold it in like that you can cause a lot of damage to your bladder. That's what happens to truck drivers. They hold it in all the time. Eventually it starts coming out involuntarily.
Whoa!!!....That was you?
Didn't we come in over there?
Is Elaine going?
Why, what's the difference?
Oh! Big surprise ( he leaves frustrated)
Ooo, What do you say we get a Mouton Cadet?
Well they gotta be soft.
We're engaged! Alright, I'm gonna get my quilt. (Kramer leaves.)
"... with a broom, cleaning up."
well she says Jane
uh..
You got that straight.
Oh, uh, Nana. Hello.
Rock.
George is saying "Cut it."
So, Jerry, if my investors don't get Cubans, the whole deal's off.
Oh yeah!
Mousse. I moussed up.
Yeah, but why are you taking an IQ test for George?
Hey.
Wha, you too?
Forget it. Okay Newman's postal route is around here somewhere.
So, is everything cool? or what?
I'm not, I'm running it.
Wait wait, hold it, hold it. Look who's over there. Don't look, don't look! It's Fred Savage.
Yeah.
You have to know everything, don't you?
How do you know he's not wondering the same thing about you?
Yeah, I'm gonna keep these here too, huh? They'll be alright. (begins to leave)
Hey, hey Jerry, come on. Sorry.
Oh yeah, come on in, Frank.
Now, I can't see..... Psst.... Psst...
Jerry what's the matter?
(running to the window) What?! Not my car!! Hey!! They're towing my car!!
You're right he's ripping me off
(sighs) All right, then you're the one getting the key out of him.
Man, I dont understand people. I mean, why would George want to deprive you of pleasure? Is it just me?
Alright, that's enough out of you, there's still three more games left in this series, my friend, and it's far from being over. Very far from being over. (Notices a car coming right towards Puddy, who's crossing the street) Watch out!
Yes, she's the costume designer and he's the wig master for the show.
Really?
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Boy he's lookin' good, huh Jerry?
Bye-bye. Jackie, you did it. We're rich.
Well, I wouldn't have minded it so much but I was running home to go to the bathroom.
The MACANAW PEACHES ,Jerry , the MACANAW PEACHES!!!!
Ohh, it's real.
Mickey Mantle.
(re the chips) Hmm, Macchu Picchu. Are these free?
Ha, ha! Nothing like some good solid sack time. (Turns toward Jerry's window)
What?
Hey.
Yeah, no kidding.
Oh, guess again, Tubby!
No. Huh? You know who I saw at the health club? Salman Rushdie.
Have we been intimate?
What are YOU doing here?
Look, all you gotta to do, is get Amy and Jeffrey together somewhere, that's it.
Gonorrhea? Excuse me, I think there's been a mistake, see, I had gonorrhea last week.
Oh that's good, that's good. Make the eyes, uh, what's that nut?
Yeah, about two hours.
(clapping Jerry on the back) Oh yeah, he's all ready to go.
You raise the hand, lower the head-- "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. The buttons are really big on the car. I don't understand it. I haven't read the manual. Ooh!" You get my drift.
I don't know! (building to a shout) But I woke up in the Hudson river in a SACK!! I think she drugged me, but she's a murderer and I'm calling the cops.
Potato man!
( fake laugh ) Look Hubert. It's the mailman. You remember the mailman don't you.
I'm sorry, I don't care for that sorry.
Yeah...
There was an incident.
This is a good cigar (hair is on fire, white smoke pouring from the back of his head) . . . . . . WOOOOOOOOOOW . . . (runs to bathroom, his arms in the air -- he bangs them in to the top of the hallway door jam and falls into the bathroom)
The uncle Enzo. That's the guy Jerry uses.
What?
Yeah, morning.
Yeah but Jackie says the top was faulty.
Now this I like.
I don't want this on my conscience.
You must be Aaron, I've heard about you.
Hey.
(Knocking on a port-a-potty door) Come on, Lomez! We're gonna be late for the movie.
(reading a tombstone) 'Man's best friend'. Jerry, I want something like that on my tombstone.
(leaving too, with the spatula) Are you gonna need this?
Well, I'm cleaning my slicer.
Oh, stop saying 'reneging".
Alarm clocks? I never use 'em. Don't trust 'em.
Uh, well there was an incident.
Hello!
Hey.
Yeah.
Im human.
All right, all right, I'll see ya later. (shuts door)
Hey
Keep your foot on the gas.
Yeah. Yeah, I am Batman. Then the mugger, he comes to, and he starts chokin' me! So I'm fightin' him off with one hand and I kept drivin' the bus with the other, y'know? Then I managed to open up the door, and I kicked him out the door you know with my foot, you know - at the next stop.
These Dominicans really know their way round a crepe. Look at that. It's like they're rolling a double corona.
(to Jerry) Hey, howd you do?
Tantric yoga?
Hey, Jerry, look who's here.
Giddyup.
Yeye cat fight!
I'll tell you something else, you're looking a little chunky yourself, buddy.
Hey.
We played Backgammon in the nude.
No.
That's right.
No, Jerry. New Year's Eve nineteen ninety-nine. The millennium. I told you about that.
I don't understand it. I was with her last night in my apartment; it was very romantic. Y'know with that fake wood wallpaper, the atmosphere is *fabulous* in there, now. It's like a ski lodge.
I like 'em all(still fiddles with the radio)
You killed them, didn't you?
Oh yeah? My friend, Bob Saccomanno, he came in here for a hernia operation.. Oh yeah, routine surgery.. now he's sittin' around in a chair by a window going, "My name is Bob" .. George, whatever you do, don't let 'em cut you. Don't let 'em cut you..
Oh course. I wouldn't let that other butcher cut my hair.
I just came from Leapin' Larry's. Making fun of crippled people, is that what you've sunk to?
Whatever it takes.
Hey buddy.
Oh, that's too bad. Now don't say I didn't try to warn you.
Jerry, look! You gotta help me! I can't have 'em near me! If I have one pair in my house, I'm gonna wear them!
(looking at the newsletter) Hey, look at that. Picture of me, huh? (reading out loud) Candidate Cosmo Kramer caught barefoot in clubhouse.
Oh, conversion rate, oh.
All right ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Peterman Reality Tour...
(absently wants to be part of it) Oh, yeah--yeah.. (follows them)
All right, ooh look at that Armani, huh, yeah.
Im gonna have to do something about this lining.
(triumph) Yesss! Alright, so it's you, it's me, and it's Jerry, huh. (claps hands) Yeah, now things are starting to snowball, huh. I'll tell Newman I don't need him. So, I'll uh, see you two in the twenty-first century.
All right
What's wrong?
I will lose that nail.
Well, they recognised Jerry from the Super Terrific Happy Hour. See now, you should be doing your own show in Japan. Now, they get you.
Okay. A little later, we're gonna be talking with animal expert, Jim Fowler.
Uh.
yeah
I'm good for it.
(noise)
I just need it, that's all.
Well ahh. I was trying to get to my seat and I had to step over someone and I kind of got pushed and it spilled on me.
My service rates went up? You banks are all the same with your hidden fees and your service charges. Well, maybe I'll just take my blood elsewhere, yeah.
Two is better than one.
Boss!
That's it.
(to George) Well listen See you later ..thanks for driving me by..
You Gack?
You can't call China now its like, what, three 'O clock in the morning there
Yeah, let's all enjoy a chew, huh?
(Kramer is talking much more slowly and smoother than usual) First she sets the mood perfectly with this new age music played over ocean sounds. Then she lays you out on this table, and she proceeds to rub oil over your entire body. And she rubs long... and deep... Jerry, she rubs with love. (Jerry is obviously cutting much harder than the cheese needs it as he listens to Kramer) Every muscles she touches just... (long pause) ooo-zz-es. Beneath those silky, soft fingers, you can scarcely contain yourself, buddy. (Jerry slams down the knife and goes to the couch)
Look, I know what I?m doing here George.
Oh, hey.
How do those lifts feel?
Yeah, yeah.
I'm going to call Gino, you're going to see him, and we're going to get that haircut fixed up.
So you'll buy them?
Get outta here.
Well, I got it from my cop buddy Doug.
(points over to Jerry) You recognise that mug?
Rusty!
Pass the cream.
(Speaking very fast and fidgety) You can't put a limit on my cafe lattes, it says so right here. And I don't want to get dirty looks when I come in here. If I want a cafe latte, you give me a cafe latte. And if I have any problems I'm gonna get my lawyer Jackie Chiles down here and your gonna be in really big trouble.
He's not a Nazi. He just happens to be a little eccentric. Most geniuses are.
No, no, no. Don't give me that. I know you. Something's wrong. What is it.
Hey!
Okay, wanna come with me and see the baby?
Yeah.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, where did you take it?
Well, I saw Mom and Pop this morning, but when I went by the store on my way home? The place was empty. Everything is gone. Mom and Pop - vrooop - vanished.
It's not going to happen again!
I thought it was here.
(indicating) You see? You can't let go.
(to George) Alright, what'd you do with that pilot you did.
Bro!
I'll tell ya where I got it. I got it from the guy you so callously refer to as the Soup Nazi.
I yearn.
Yeah yeah. Well uh, you know, I'd invite you in, but uhm... you know.
He jumped.
Hey, George! (Holds out his hand. George shakes it - a hand buzzer goes off. George starts freaking out. Kramer laughs)
Chocolate, Lemon, and uh, Cherry.
Yeah, yeah. Of course. I took it.
Yeah..
..You know, cats run away all the time. You know, my aunt, she had a cat. Ran away. Showed up three years later.. you never know. They got things in
Another Festivus miracle!
(fidgety) Oh, now, come on. Look at these boys. If they were any more Cuban, Castro would've smoked them himself. Huh.
Well, I like yours.
George, do me a solid? Two minutes.
Hey, Elaine.
"HEY TAXI!!!.....TAXI!!"
You want a drink? I'm buyin'.
(exhales) Well, I'm not finding a spot here. What do you want to do?
Well he's in the shower. You want me to get him?
Ah, what kind of a man are you? The guy is unconscious in a coma and you dont have the guts to kiss his girlfriend?
Featuring the mind-blowing performance of Ms. Raquel Welch!
Oh, no you don't.
Sure you do.
Hey, Jerry, he could have used your laugh. He was a big turkey out there.
(simultaneous) No problem. You bet.
Yeah, but I've always worn Jockeys.
I'll take it.
Heeeeeummmrph.... I'm gonna turn in
He's spaced out.
All right, how 'bout Ithaca vs. Boston?
why can't you make a higher roof.
"Yeah! They isolate the muscles. The muscle has to grow....or die."
Yeah well, you should. This place could blow any minute.
I don't believe this, I'm being typecast.
Newman. (On the other side of the bookcase, Newman preens proudly.)
(entering Jerry's apartment) Will you look at this? More catalogs! 'Omaha Steaks', 'Mac Warehouse', 'Newsweek'?! I can't stop all these companies, so, I'm gonna attack this problem at the choke point.
I thought Jerry didn't want that couch, because of the stain?
Hey.
(to Elaine) You know your eyeliner's smudged a little. Why do you wear so much eye makeup?
What stuff?
(Off-screen) No, I tried to do a reverse hecht off my couch and I didn't make it.
Well, the camp ended a few days early.
he asked me
(loudly) Now you gotta shut up!.....(Sally is speechless)...I'm sorry, I..I haven't spoken in days.
From who?
Hey, George what are you doing here?
Say yes! Yes, George. Yes!
Can you give him a cookie?
Nah, it's good for ya'. Retards the aging process.
Well, yeah...
Sure you have.
Hey.
I get that too. (exits)
(doing the voice) La la la.
Yeah, well, how 'bout if we give one out to every member on the condo board.
There's Brody. Brody! Over here.
Frank, now listen to me. Two hundred Jewish singles need you. This is your chance to make it all right again.
Mrs. Wilkie, from the tobacco company called me. We had a little pow-wow.
So uh what are you guys doing for dinner?
Well, I'm still shopping it around.
So, huh?
Oh Come on Jerry, It's all the way over to twelfth avenue..
(at the same time) Yes, yes.
Yei-
I don't wanna get a movie hot dog! [in tears] I want a Papaya King hot dog!
Well, what, they got any golf courses up there?
Yeesh-jip!
Oh. Well, would you look at that. (puts a gun-shaped hand to his head and goes 'Pop') I guess I forgot to lock it.
(to the ticket man) Uh, yeah, a ticket for Kramer.
Oh, you didn't notice? It has a pee-stain.
Power, man. Power.
(cries out) WELL I SAID I'M SORRY."
Wait a minute I need those keys. I wont be able to get into my apartment.
Oh, I really think you're wrong.
No. I was kicked out for fightin' with one of the players. (leaving)
You're gonna score some big points with the man upstairs on this one.
You said it, sister.
Ma!
My intern from NYU. Well, you remember my corporation, Kramerica Industries.
Let's go. Listen to the bell, Grossbard-- it tolls for thee.
I don't believe that.
Yeah, 5.
Do you?
Hey.
(To Assistant) Hey, you have keys?
Rock.
Rock, paper, scissors match.
Come on Jerry. Aren't you going to join us?
Hello, there.
Because he's scared, Jerry.
No! Never.
Hey, how you doing Stu? Eddie, my man. You again? Boy, you're a slippery one. You'd better straighten up and fly right buddy boy.
I want one of those!
What about my massage?
Well, the whole deal going down tomorrow. Morty's gonna miss his plane for it.
The cops? What are you calling the cops for? They?re not going to do anything!
Wonder what's goin' on.
Um, Uh, ugh, ...
(proffering) Here, try this pair.
I don't know!
Jerry, I dont think this thing is hooked up right.
hey
(whose voice has returned to normal)" THE VELVET FOG!!!!"
No job. No women.
Why can't I play Kramer?
Well, I was having this party and I didn't invite him and then Jerry, tipped him off.
(To Rusty) You know, I once knew a horse named Rusty. No offence.
Ya know I hate to brag but, uh, I did win eleven straight golden gloves.
Hey. All right. Hi. Check it out, official police caution tape. Look at that.
What's that guy's last name again?
What guy?
Well, it uh, (offering his hand) it's a pleasure to meet you.
Anything I can get you? Water? They got ice over here.
No that's what he said. "That's interesting. I love carrots, but I hate carrot soup. And I hate peas, but I love pea soup." So do I.
George I told you we're booked!
Floating, they weren't moving much. But they were out there.
Wait, wait, wait, how do you know it's not John Tesh?
Yeah, I'm sure it's all here. (puts in in his pocket) You know I was just admiring your coffee table, out there in the hall.
Drugs? You think he's on drugs?
Hey, eh, Lew!
I'm gonna put it down behind that car.
(applying the steak to his eye) Thanks, buddy. Oh... yes! Hey, you got any A1, 'cause I'm cooking a steak.
You got any of those mini Ritzes?
Oh yeah, he said he brought a pair of pants into Pinkus' and they came back stained with some kind of dry cleaning fluid. And Pinkus denied responsibility. You see he was very upset with Pinkus.
Maybe you'll see him do one of those three-sixty dunks.
Now what does the little man inside you say? See you gotta listen to the little man.
Im not going to give him $300 now for a suit with moisturizer cream all over it.
Frank, this new holiday of yours is scratching me right where I itch.
Yeah, uh, look, you don't know me.
Come on, take some. It's good.
(Stopping his thought) Da-da-da-da no.
Wait, wait, wait...
Are too.
Does that bother you?
There, there's your hives.
So how we doin' on time?
It was on the seat...
Yeah. Just give it to the Portuguese guy, and he... puts it in the incinerator.
(shivering gibberish) Waj cha jia ja
Hey, hey, it's George.
Oh, I'm making a difference Jerry.
Got any Double Crunch?
You know what you are? You're a ribbon bully. (Walks away.)
Bite-size Three Musketeers. Just like the real Peterman eats.
Ooo she likes you buddy (they to a high five hand shake)
Oh, no, no. (demonstrates) Here, velcro.
I'll pick her up.
Well, maybe it's the Oreos.
As a matter of fact, if it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have even had an excuse to talk to her.
(suddenly comes back, excited) The Knicks killed 'em a hundred an' ten to seventy three!
Hey, Brody!
Don't even question my instincts, because my instincts are honed. (REPAPER) Look at that.
What, we talking hirachis? I know a great store for hirachis.
Darren? What are you doing here? The college canceled the internship.
Well, we're, talkin' now, aren't we?--
Yeah, I'd like to see the script too.
No.
Yeah, come in.
(to Elaine) Hey, my new neighbor!
...just a man and not a freak, Joltin' Joe DiMaggio. Joe, Joe. Go, Joe...
Yeah...uhh...well, the streets are all blocked. I think every Puerto Rican in the world is out here.
Why don't YOU go into the store and I'LL wait in the car?
Yes I did.
Yeah.
Just gimme the card, don't ask me any questions.
Jerry, I was wearing it in the bar.
No, they're good! Take one..
Oh the red. Yeah, Its the chicken roaster sign. You know, its right across from my window.
Listen, there's a pair of gloves in the glove compartment.
George, I thought that was the door.
(pointing to Jerry) O'Brien. Long time no see. How's tricks, Murphy?
(stops Mickey) Alright, come on.
Aaaaah.
It's Marion's poetry. I can't take it (leaves sobbing)
I may have to drive that place out of business.
The Alex was built in nineteen twenty-two, during the golden era of movie palaces. Minor restorations in nineteen forty-one, forty-seven, fifty-two, fifty-eight, sixty-three, and currently to our present period of time.
Oh, that's my phone.
Poor Lily..
(enters) Well, I just got out of a 27-minute shower. I made some good cuts, and I didn't lose anything I needed. Yeah, I think what I kept is even stronger now.
You told me not to give it to you, you made me promise.
Ah, I got it.
... Cou, ye, ge...
(eating some nachos) Anyway, it's been two years. I mean isn't there like statue of limitations on that?
(Shocked at her ugliness, he stammers) Hello.
I'm gonna eat that later.
What's going on?
(Taking some of Jerry's clothing over to the kitchen) I see..
ah, Hello FDR. Yeah, Ill have a hot one, (pulls out some cash and slaps down a bill on the stand) everything on it.
No, you had some good stuff. The cancer bit? I mean, it was edgy, it was not my sort of thing but some of those people out there, they really liked it.
Hey Jerry, I saw your girlfriend was in here before.
Hey
Because I've been watching too much. It was an addiction. I couldn't stop. It was, it was destroying my brain cells.
Yeah.
No, don't, don't make me
You just (makes the tearing sound) tear it off, and vvvvrrrpppp you got a new one right here. Then youre gone.
(still under the effects of the Novocaine slurrs his words heavily) "Yeah H'amon board."
Okay, Joey.
Jerry, once you've had real Cubans, there's just nothing else like it.
No, you don't have to. It's all about tickling their buying bone.
Got any coffee?
Okay.
Ah couldn't be better. Hi Lorraine.
Yeah, her boss told me that she can't hear very well out of her left ear. What, you didn't know that?
Ga, of course you can't, you poor sap! Now why didn't you tell me?
George. I thought you were gonna Change.
Hey, nobody put a gun to your head.
You're not gonna say anything, you got that?
Yeah, she dumped me!
It's a poker game...(yells to the crowd) And I'm kickin' some serious butt!
Hi Mr. Clotworthy
No, no, no.
You know, Jerry, I think this changes the relationship. I mean, I feel it. Do you feel it?
Yeah, you overload your inventory and you blow your margins on gasoline. Trust me, it doesn't work.
He was a wrestler. He would grab hold of someone's stomach and just squeeze it until they gave.
Oh, COME ON!
What would you say if I told you I never impregnated a woman?
Ja ja ja - just tell it
Can you believe somebody threw this out? You know I'm going to make a coffee table out of this and surprise Tina.
yeah yeah, (in a flinty voice) flinty
Yeah, that's good. Oh, now I like to play golf.
All right.
What?! Wait a minute. No, no, no. What are you doing? No, no, oh, oh, okay. Hes out. I get it.
Ooh, cereal bowls.
...They're over here. Now you're... aww-whawww.
..you know, very casually,
Be realistic George.
Yeah, now and then - you know how it is..
Now, you see, that's nice.
You're making a big mistake.
All right, Coney Island. Ok, you can take the B or the F and switch for the N at Broadway Lafayette, or you can go over the bridge to DeKalb and catch the Q to Atlantic Avenue, then switch to the IRT 2, 3, 4 or 5, but don't get on the G. See that's very tempting, but you wind up on Smith and 9th street, then you got to get on the R.
Yeah, that's right. You did.
Alright.
Kramer.
No it was a spur of the moment. Well you know Morty likes to fly by the seat of his vintage pants.
All right. If you refuse to grow up and scam your insurance company, you'll have to work this out with maroon Golf.
HEY DOUBLE-PARKER! (honk, honk) SHOW YOURSELF. (honk, honk) COME ON OUT, IM FREEZING! (honk, honk)
Hey boss.
You see what happens when you try to be nice?
(from the other side of the door) Police! Open up!
hey
She doesn't have a boyfriend. She made it up.
Alright, alright. Look, Jerry, we gotta get down to PBS, PDQ.
Two? Sure kid, yeah. But then you gotta promise you'll do something for me.
That's true. But, you know, I can't help but think that uh...
The woman across the street has nothing on, nothing on, nothing on..
George, I want you to taste this cantaloupe.
Oh, the one with the crest.
(Gestures to his throat) No, my throat's too tender.
hell-oo
All right, Jerry--are you familiar with the Kama Sutra?
(answering) PBS pledge drive.
The monkey.
What?
Yea.
I think it's over. We had a big fight, she threw me out, I started walkin', and now I'm lost downtown! I don't have any money. I don't recognize anybody. I miss home, and I don't even know how to get there.
I can't, I'm going to the doctor's later.
You know what this means? I'm starting the book tour. First stop  Regis and Kathy Lee.
Newman?
Oh boy, that looks great. I can't believe you're giving him this.
Why?
There's nothing more pathetic, than a grown man, whos afraid of a woman . (voice get high-pitched for the last line)
Because I'm workin' there, that's why.
Well, then what did you loan her the five thousand for? Oh, look, maybe she wont take it. I mean, she did say that she was gonna think about it.
Yeah, I know, but he's a big fan of the genre. You know I'd consider it a personal favor to me.
Hey, you should come over. Tonight's pipe night.
Oh here we go--
Well, why not? I like cucumbers.
For these German tourists. Pretend that I'm robbing you.
I know where I?m standing.
These are Cubans. (IN FAKE SPANISH) Maria, poquendo los scientos de estes con gleam.
Oh I accept.
You got that straight!
Well, how are we getting to Parsippany?
Yeah.
Well, what's taking you so long? (Elaine enters from the bedroom. Kramer is a little shocked) Uh? Oh, well, yeah... (He exits)
Hey, how about if the book came with these little fold-out legs...so the book itself becomes a coffee table?
I'm in here. C'mon...
Well my buddy works in an appliance store and he got us thirty percent off.
"Well you know its.. great. You know, no kids ..allowed. you don't have to watch your language."
Huh?
(acting standoffish) Hello.
Can I sleep with you?
Oh, hey guys. Man, Im telling you, this pizza idea, is really going to happen.
Giddy-up! Alright! So now, how does that work? Now, what, I get a percentage of every pledge I bring in, right?
(interrupts) No, notime! Its all this meaningless time. Laundry, grocery, shopping, coming in here talking to you. Do you have any idea how much time I waste in this apartment?
Well, where is it?
Yeah!
Don't tell me she's dragging another poor guy across Europe.
Not that there's anything wrong with that...
Okay, I beg you.
Well, I'm gonna go to the cigar stores. I'm gonna see if I can sell that Indian.
(To crowd) Hey, hey, hey! All right! Yeah, uh, yeah.. well.. Uh, the pants. they, uh, they fit, uh, well - and so I, uh, decided I wasn't gonna return them! (Laughs) Wooh-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Oh, no, no, no. This guy is no friend. In fact, we don't even get along.
No, Julie. She's the one.
Make sure we don't forget where the car's parked.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey buddy. What're you doing out here?
(crumpling a piece of paper) I don't wanna exclude anybody.
HE..YA. AYA. AYYYYYAAAAA!!!!
Hey, Dwayny.
George, it's over. It's just.. It's Over. (leaves)
Giddyup.
Well, you're fired because you don't move your arms when you tap dance, you're like a gorilla out there I've gotta go...
Yeah, what time is it?
(Interested) That's perfect.
Yeah, white meat. And if I see one piece of dark meat on there. It's your ass buster.
What does he do with all that fat? Does he just jump up and down on it? Does he gouge it like Killer Kowalski?
Hes got my vacuum cleaner. You know I loaned it to him. He never returned it. The carpets are filthy. What am I going to do?
12.000 BTU's of raw cooling power. (Kramer places the air conditioner in the window) Installed!
Yeah well, that's easy. Just let me finish this mile high and I'll be right with you. Oh, and Jerry, we are gonna need a case of Kaiser rolls.
Well there ought to be ball men.
No, no. Not me. I just happen to know someone who specializes in exactely these kinds of sticky situations.
"Hey Jimmy"
Hey, Frank.
Gladly.
Huh?
That might be a problem. (TO ELAINE) Where's your little bag of...
Well I, well I, felt, pretty bad about everything an' uh, then the three of us, we went to a strip club. (leaves)
Oh come on, You can tell me.
Where can I put this?
(Getting the door slammed on him) Y'all come back reeeaall...
Hey! George.....Lily..
Leapin' Larry's? Hey, that's uptown. You gotta take Amsterdam.
Confront Jerry? I can't.
Because that's the way I weas raised. You know when I was growing up I had to be in bed every night by nine o'clock. And if I wasn't, well I don't have to tell you what happened.
Oh, yeah. Top floor. (sits beside Frank) Listen, Frank, have you ever considered wearing something for support? Now, look at this. (reaches into his pocket) Mind you, this is just a prototype.
Huh, yeah. (looks round) Oh, sweet setup. Elaine, d'you have any paint thinner? I need like uh, forty gallons.
Just give me another chance!
Cosmo Kramer.
Yeah. (taps the Weekend At Bernie's II box)
Well, I'd recommend a waist cincher.
Who died?
Roger that.
Hey.
You see I come up with these things, I know theyre gold, but nothing happens. You know why?
(dismayed) So what am I in this for? You know, I'm getting to a point in my life where I need something more than just.. a good time. (is tearing up)
" Ah! here here Listen...Dear Penthouse, I want to tell you about an experience I recently had. As an avid reader I've always wondered if the letters (with Jerry) are I'm a dentist and one afternoon my hygienist and I decided to have a little fun with one of our patients. Of course none of our patients had any idea exactly of what we were up to. I was still wondering what if ......... (Jerry stops and seems bewildered)
I got to get it out, I can't take this anymore.
The sand, it's everywhere! (blows on his arm)
Well, you know, we were just talking, and uh she mentioned how you're buying your shoes now at Botticelli's.
NOTHING LEFT! Thats why Im trying to get that vacuum cleaner. Because somebodys going to grab it.
What happened?
A half hour then diving class started. Well that got a little messy. I gotta find a new place to swim 'cause that pooll can't hold me, Jerry.
Because we're blind to their tyranny.
Why?
How come?
(filling a pipe) Yeah, yeah, ok, now uh, you're clear, you got everything?
Hey...
W...It's four.
Alright, so what happened when you saw him?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, but Amy likes air conditioning.
Uh, yeah, uh, Candace Bergen please.
(stops) W--Reggie Miller.
No, I want to show you.
Hey, wheres your new jacket? (Jerry points to the jacket hanging in the bathroom. Its ruined.) What? (Kramer enters the bathroom, and sees the garment.) Ohhh. What did you do to it?
A stall man, huh? (small laugh)
Jerry , this is a miracle of nature that exists for a brief period. It's like the Aurora Borealis.
Well, it didn't quite work out, and now I've got nothing for them to do.
Ill tell ya it was a grind having to fill 10 hours a day. I'm not sure I was ready to have my own talk show set.
Well, why not?
Cosmo, go. No, no, na, na. (he pushes the end button and pushes the antenna down) Boy this new telephone number's driving me crazy -- wrong numbers, every five minutes.
Well, yeah.
Hey, FDR wants me to drop dead.
(puzzled) Phone call?
No? That's good.
Okay.. (To Elaine) Well, I, Uh.. I like to work in the evenings.. (Elaine slumps back, and covers her head in misfortune)
You ever seen Michael Jordan?
How 'bout if I put a few things --
No, no, I got it.
Yeah?
you gotta relax.. try the yodel (chanting) yodel lay hee hoo
Oh... So, what did you pay for this?
I, I saw her naked.
Look, honey, I know you're trying to get Lloyd to notice you, but this is too much. Parading around in a wet T-shirt.
Yeah (again quietly)
Uh, uh.
(To the TV) What is pi? Ooh! Giddee up again.
That Gendason, what a jerk. I'm never playing golf with him again.
The little man knows all.
See, what they gotta do is loose a plane or a Greenpeace boat in there. See, that would get the triangle going again.
(pointing at Farkus) Very funny.
What, he's not here yet?
(a bit startled) Ahh.
Heey, good karma for you. (Kramer puts on Jerrys old jacket and stands next to Jerry, looking in the mirror.) Oh baby.
So, who is your doctor?
Right. (Elaine giggles) Oh boy... okay, who wants a dog? (Kramer hands out the hot dogs)What a great day!
She's somethin', huh? She's a wild one. She's wearin' me out.
Well, this is Kramer.
Me?
One day, youll beg me to make your own pie.
Look, Jerry, Im sorry, Im uh- you have insurance, right buddy?
Hey! You ever been in an accident?
I never take it.
Well the better ones. Alright, let's practice retching.
(getting up) I'll go get your hat, George.
Ay ay ay! The next one of you that opens up your mouth, says something, you're gonna have to deal with me. You know, I bet I know what this is about. It's about a woman, isn't it?
Na, I am down
Tuesday? Uh...
Theres still some overlap between the needle and the slash below the "E".
...so I said to him Arthur, Artie come on, why does the salesman have to die? Change the title; The life of a salesman. That's what people want to see.
Oh, I think it's a little cooler than that... (smiles and leaves)
Yeah, hey listen, I can't. It's gonna be taking us out of our way.
All right, so what're you saying? That we're wrong? Oh, everybody's wrong but you!
[thinks for a while]
Well, yeah, yeah. But they also rolled for his brother... (thinks for a second) ...Dennis.
Well, more bad news Jerry.
Look, I got Super Savers! C'mon.
Hello?
"Well this afternoon I shared a cab with this...a hum..DEENSFREI."
You better get the door.
Oh, they got good ducks there, huh?
Yeah, but this is so nice and thick. Ahoy there!
I like to eat spaghetti with just a fork. Because I can keep the strands long, and I can slurp it out to my mouth. Like this look. (faking to slurp spaghetti) Now sex, I like the bottom. Let them do all the work. You should be writing this stuff down... (waitress comes to take the order) Bran lakes...100%. I got a big problem.
Come on Come on!
All right, you're not fancy!
Well I feel like I'm talking fast but it's very hard to tell.
You wanna keep your job don't you?
Well, I told him the whole story and he just let me have it. Wha -- Yeah. He's a wonderful man.
You got butchered.
(waddling after Joey) Joey! Joey!
Yeah.
What, did they kick you out too?
Not too soft. Better too hard than too soft.
Well, coffee tables.
She's just being enthusiastic, that's all!
Woah, woah, come on.
Hey Elaine, did you hear the good news? Toby got promoted!
Well, don't look at me.
Hey, you seen the paper yet?
Nestl's Quik!
Uh... great.
I can't. (Complaining) I'm gonna drop dead.
Yes.
Jerry, I think that quilt is ready.
All right. What if I tell Paul O'Neill to hit a home run tomorrow, just for you.
Oh, OK. Well, thanks, buddy.
Yeow!
Just, just tell him about the picture. What's the matter with you? Stop it. (puts the phone back to his ear) Yes, are you still there? Look Im sorry about that. All right there's an 830 and a 1015showing.
Mmm... Nice wallet.
My name's Kramer.
Yeah.
Hey, fatso! I got a 90 in biology.
Ah, w-Crazy Joe Devola.
Okay, okay. I just wanted to check with you guys.
Yeah, well, turns out that the master slept only twenty minutes every three hours. Now, that works out to two and a half extra days, that I'm awake per week, every week. Which means, if I live to be eighty, I will have lived the equivalent of a hundred and five years.
So, you think your parents'll get back together?
(looks shocked) Oh sure, the guy I told to pour the Gatorade that killed Marty Benson?
A rule is a rule. And let's face it. Without rules there's chaos.
Ya know these latkes are going like hotcakes.
We're gonna be right there.
You're not gonna see 'em. I got a case of party poppers I'm gonna keep in front of 'em.
About some tickets George , you know I'd kill for a peek..
Go ahead, drink it, George.
Oh yeah yeah, George he came by and made more of those pudding skin singles. They're delicious.
He's reaching in back. He's grabbing at something.
Well, what am I gonna do?
No, no, I'm off that.
We're not talking about a manicure. Imagine, this is going to be his first memory. Of his parents just standing there while some stranger (Does some motions of cutting; Myra sobs more) cutting off a piece of his manhood and then serves a catered lunch.
No, t's a joke.. a joke... a joke... you think this is funny?
Oh, I'm uh, Steven Snell.
Ah you bit me. Get off of me, get off of me!
The really bad thing about the heart is the sex thing. See, you gotta be careful about sex now. You get that heart pumping and suddenly, boom! Next thing you know, you got a hose coming out of your chest attached to a piece of luggage.
No no no, they're talking the West Side Highway, at this time of day that's insane. They're heading straight into gridlock. Oh, those fools.
(to the imaginary TV camera) Only in New York. ... ha ha
Eight bucks! I think I got ripped off! (Leaves, yelling out "Newman!")
Well, he didn't say (leaves).
You mean like the uneven parallel bars?
Well,
Why would I buy another one when I spent a hundred bucks on this one?
You know, for a fat guy you're not very jolly.
I'm sorry Jackie.
Well, why didn't you tell me about this?
(intrigued) Really?
(to Elaine) You want some hot tea?
Oh yeah, like last year? Miss Texas? Now, she should have won easily, but she lost points in the swimsuit competition.
Yeah. Well, count me out. I'm swimmin'. Old man Leland is bustin' my hump over these reports. If I don't get 'em done by nine, I'm toast.. ((takes a swig and reacts))
Here, George, get a Penthouse Forum.
Well I didn't hear any Plus.
All right then, what was it?
I do! I just miss the warm weather, y'know? Jeez. Oh man, I wish I could get away.
So how's George?
I'm not! I'll see ya later, buddy.
Hey what again?
No, no, no. You go on ahead. I'm not finished taking this in. Oh, Jerry look ... Merv Griffin's cigar.
Ch- oo-... what?
Its killing me, I can't eat, I can't sleep. All I can see is that giant red sun in the shape of a chicken. (gets some cereal from the cubard and pours it in a big bowl)
(Like a parent) Well, I still like the Bloomingdale's executive training program for him.
A dotchie cotchie dochie,
Oooh, lobsters.
Hoochie moochie. (haha)
Just take one.
Yeah, yeah, okay. I'm your boyfriend.
You know who you are? Even Steven
Wow.
I don't care, whatever.
All right, let's go. Who's driving? (claps his hands and rubs them together)
Oh, Elaine. Yeah.
I'm going.
Ju - Excuse me. Yeah we're, talking this way.
Hey, how's it goin'?
He can do it, Mr. Kramer. I know he can. He'll do it for me.
And you'll get it back.
No, five. But you were close.
Yes. Yeah, but the point that I... (listens)
You see Elaine, Billy was a simple country boy. You might say a cockeyed optimist, who got himself mixed up in the high stakes game of world diplomacy and international intrigue.
(yielding) Okay, okay. What time?
I saw her last week, she looked healthy and peaceful, but...she knew...
Wow wow wow wow, you've got the wrong man!! It wasn't me!
Oh. Okay. So he'll just think that the two of you didn't sit with him on purpose. Ooh yeah, that's very nice. Very nice.
You gotta go.
Are you all right?
They're from the lost and found at the Alex.
That knife, it nicked your jugular. You know Jerry, when somebody yells 'heads up', you're not supposed to actually look up.
Yeah.
You can't get a stool in here.
Yeah.
He's quite a character, isn't he?
Oh, yeah I'm back. Hey, you wanna play cards over the phone?
What about "Sonia Live"? Now you're not cancelling "Sonia Live"?
Oh yeah, coming up...
Well, I almost did once, and I blacked out. When I came to, the car was in a ditch, and the tank was full. I dont know who did it, and I never got to thank them..
You cooked?
(trying to act like the guy playing the Father) I'm not really going away, I told you I'd be back every other weekend.
Would you stop it.
What beats rock?
What?
Oh, they were Chemical.
What am I gonna do, huh?
Well, Newman and I are going partners selling used records.
Hi...........What's that?
Ah, yeah. Doctor Cosmo Kramer. (points to plate) Proctology.
Because it's no good.
Well, I guess I was..
wait det doit ... dit (Kramer noises -- he prepares for a fight by rolling up a magazine)
Man, I'm going to be hitting the links all weekend. Ffoooo (Taking an imaginary swing, he makes the sound of a golf ball being hit)
Afternoon, Mom! Afternoon, Pop. You know you got a crack in the sidewalk out there? Now, you oughta get that fixed.
Well, that's only uh, 58 years.
Yeah, ya know you haven't been around for a while.
Well open the door, you get a better look.
well it just doesn't sit well.
Yeah, sure, he's a celebrity. Oh, yeah, they wear a lot of furs. They're desperate, insecure people.
No. At your apartment.
(holds up framed picture) There she blows! (throws paper around)
There he is, yeah - Jerry, George, *this* is Stan the Caddy.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You won't regret it. (Jerry mutters some more, Kramer rubs his hands together in anticipation, then starts dancing around with a reluctant Jerry) Jerry's gonna be a cable boy, a cable boy, a cable boy..
I don't even really work here!
Jerry . . .
Sorry.
(showing Jerry his mailbox) Check it out. Rain and sleet may not stop them, but let's see them get by... these bricks.
(holding up a sign) Speed limit, one hundred and sixty-five miles per hour. See? They slipped a one in there. (laughing) Those kids with the spray paint, God love 'em.
Yeah.
Well, what's the matter?
(Up to something) Well, its a test drive, right? I never drive around here. If Im gonna recommend this car, I need to see that itll handle my daily routine.
What kind of a person are you?
Is it all right if I watch it in your bedroom, cause your bed is really nice?
(picks up paper) Chunnel , is playing at the Paragon 84th Street cinema in the main theater at 930 PM.
No. Alright, watch me now. (Karen sits on the bed. Kramer walks across the room like a Miss America contestant with a big smile on his face.) Turn, back, head up, shoulders back...posture. You see? Posture.
Oh yeah, you betcha.
C'mon, what's wrong with my boys?
Oh, hello.
No, no, she got up, she walked around...
It's an eyepatch.
Maybe.
He overcooked it. It's ruined.
Oh, hi Elaine, hey. (to Jerry) Hey, you missed a great game tonight, buddy!
But wasn't that taken off the market?
C'mon Frank, I need you. I mean the war was fifty years ago.
Oh, yeah, that's...
You got it, buddy.
Wha--me? No! No. But she is.
(To Jerry) Well, that ougta keep you busy for a few days, huh?
Well, uh.. (Starts to impersonate Jerry's act) "What is this stuff? Why do we need this stuff?.. And why do they make it so small..?"
I put them on a dental chair.
Hey.
Oh, hey! Hey, Jer, I want you to meet my new friends, here. (Introducing each one) This is, uh, Louis, Jorge, and Umberto.
Rock, paper, scissors match.
What time is it?
Nothing, I'm gonna finish watching The Other Side Of Darkness.
You always tell it ..
Come on, I want to see how it fits.
Turn on the TV.
Is that Elaine mannequin still there?
A couple of hours ago.
Morty, are you coming in?
Steady, steady, now calm yourself, come on, now get a hold of yourself,
Alright, you know what this is gonna do? He's gonna be upset because you didn't call him and we're not gonna get those tickets for Friday night.
Why don't you just give up?
What gives you the right to tell me how I would make my pie?
Oh, everybody's your type.
(rushed) Yea, Hey. (Kramer enters.) Um, you wanted to see me Father?
Yeah.
Not really. My friend was supposed to pick me up, but I don't know where he is.
You're cut of the loot. Stubs gave me 200 dollars for the autographed birthday card that was inside.
She does fine work.
(handing Steve the phone) 555-LOVE.
(shouts) Hey, peanuts!
Well, if I didn't do something I wouldn't be able to live with myself.
Well, we'll just see if we can't get around that.
Elaine?
Beg me.
Yeah well we go way back.
Well, uh.. it hurts when he swallows. Expecially when he drinks orange juice. (Vet gives him a look) I mean, uh.. dog food.. juice. (Adding) What's worse - he has a nagging cough. (Smucker's coughs) Yeah, that's it. That's it.
Hey, buddy!
How long are you staying?
Y'aah!
No, I got the tape right here.
"How?"
I got news for you handicapped people, they don't even want to park there! They wanna be treated just like anybody else! That's why, those spaces are always empty.
(sniffing a slice of meat) Yeah, oh boy. Mmm, that's good.
Jer.
Hey.
Well, then I was way off!
(nodding) I'll get the shovel. (walks towards his apartment, as Jerry grimaces at the prospect)
Oh...no.
Okay, look, uh, when you're in Florida, can my cigar guy drop off some Cubans for me at your parents' house?
He's a genius. Here we go...
Newman, it's a dead-end, c'mon. (Jerry enters) Hey, there he is.
"Yeah!!!"
No no, he's fine.
Blue-one. I thought it was blue-one.
No, no. No doctors.
I wouldn't have brought it up but since you mentioned it.
I've gotta go to court, I'll get in trouble. What's the matter with you?
What?
See you later. (He promptly turns and leaves)
(picking the racquet up) Did you take this out of the garbage?
Oh yeah, he was drinking something, it started to come out of his nose.
(To Newman) See, we should've gotten some collateral from him.. Like his bag of cans, or.. his other bag of cans.
Yeah, something like that.
Stupid table. You know, I'm not normally like this, usually I'm very cool and charming, I don't mean to bother you or anything but I think it's fate that you happened to be here at the same time as me.
No, the guy with the big head and the flared nostrils.
Well, I really miss the Bermuda Triangle.
Hey. Oh, Elaine. I'm glad you're here. Stay right there. I'm gonna be right back. (He exits)
No. He doesn't know.
Sell it, just say Im selling!
It's pronounced thermometer.
All right, let's uh, change the subject, ah. (looking at the yellow note cards) Now, uh you and uh, Jerry dated for a while. Tell us ah ... what was that like?
Can't hear a thing.
No no. Its all in my head.
Not just someone. Jon Voight.
What?
Huh? I don't?
You get the tickets?
Don't sweat it buddy...I used to have fleas.
Not at all.
If anything, we'll probably get there early. I'll have a chance to go to the Duty Free shop.
Hey, you got any Double Crunch?
Roger's can't sell chicken around here, we got chicken places on every block.
Eh!
Hey, sorry I'm late.
Um, can I show this to my buddy Stubbs . He runs a sports memorabilia store. He pays top dollar for pro autographs.
Oh, Kitzmiller. That's right
But they do and they are the ones writing it off.
Well, it's my business now. Look, I stuck up for you. Man, if he catches you, we're both out.
You, you guys wanna hold it down? I'm watchin' Jeopardy.
George, that's what he has and I have to give him a call. Now we gotta came clean.
Jerry. Hey Jerry?
Oh, yeah.
Well, I'm not giving it back.
You guys ready?
George, you gonna buy a painting?
Alright, alright. Fine George! Don't chip in! But some day, we're gonna be driving along, we're gonna look out the window, and see her crawling along 5th avenue! Is that what you want?
Did you ask her about me?
Just a little place I like to call, "Youll see".
No, well, I set their alarm. But they did have a lot of sake in that hot-tub.
Wha-huh-wha-huh...
Well it was an accident. Right Jerry it was an accident. Ah, she's going to be all right. .. baby, baby, ah, baby.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I-I'm watching you, too. But this guy's really showing me something!
Yea.
"Well I'll tell you I'm looking forward to my appointment on Thursday. I might even get there a few minutes early."
What, you took a cab?
Yeah!
(waving) Shellbach.
Uh, well, uh, you know I can't right now, you know, uh, I got a very big meeting, I got these people interested in my movie treatment. So, uh, I guess we'll have to make it another time, alright?
The Ball, silly.
Yeah. (enters, points at package) Yah, huh?
That's true. That's right.
Oh, it's a birthday card.
You don't think so.
Hey.
Well, I just got your invitation to the Newmanniun party.
But you have a gift. Jerry, this is not your little comedy act. We're talkin' feature films.
No, I read an article in Bon Appetit magazine. (grabs a baster) I'll see you later.
Hi, little buddy.
Oh, I bought myself a little retirement gift. Gold watch.
I met some people smoking on the street, so I invited them up to my apartment to smoke.
You know this whole place is going vrrrrrrrrrrrrt, downhill. I could have come in here last week with a bad plum but I let it go.
Yeah. Yeah, I think it would be for the best.
Oh, Chinese food. I knew I smelled something.
Oh, hey! Elaine, I just heard that Noreen and Paul are breaking up. I want you to put in a good word for me. (to Jerry) I've always had a thing for Noreen.
Well you know, we had a fight over the peach and uh well Joe doesn't want my business.
Is your name Ray?
(turns away and spots George) George! (leaves scene)
She says she wants those shoes.
First visit? Thirty-eight bucks.
Yah-hey.
Yeah, and you can forget about watching TV while you're eating.
Oh yeah! Well that's nice. I'm sure that's right up her alley.
I read it in Wall Street Week ...Louis, uh, Rukeyser.
Sure do!
Yes, It's a fine day
Come on...
Quiet, quiet.
You can't keep this up. Don't you know what's going to happen? Everytime you shave it, it's going to come in thicker and fuller and darker.
OH! GOD HELP US!!!
Yeah.
(cries) I'M NOT A PIMP.!!!.
(screaming) Waahhh!!!
What are you starting with me for? You know this is my crazy time o' year?!
Now! Now, George! Turn on the faucet! George, turn on the faucet! Hoochie mama! Hoochie mama! Hoochie mamamaaaaa!
Maybe I will.
Eat, eat! You're skin and bones.
Hey, buddy, I got something to tell ya. (Elaine runs towards to the bathroom in lieu of answering Jerry's question.)
Ge--
Bania?
Ooh, she's a package full of energy!
Well I was draughting behind a semi. I didn't wanna lose him. The infrastructure, Jerry, it's crumbling.
Did I tell you Im getting a new telephone number?
Um, Id like to but a bunch of us from the islands, well be getting together.
Listen you're just imagining things. He doesn't know a thing. Now come on. Pull yourself together.
Yeah, maybe I can get some rubber gloves there huh, yea.
I'm doin' fine.
Well, um, goodnight.
Oh, yeah, yeah. He's after Jerry now.
(seeing Newman pull up along side him in his truck) Hey.
(Slightly offended) Hey, I got the body of a.. taught, pre-teen, Swedish boy.
Oh, come on, Jerry. If everybody knew everybody, we wouldn't have the problems we have in the world today. Well, you don't rob somebody, if you know their name!
Yeah, well, uh.. you know uh, you didn't hear from me, but, uh, the Van Buren Boys - they never hassle their own kind.
Well, then, he's out!
(very quickly) oh I don't think so, no we never met, I never talked to you before on the phone, alright I'll see you later buddy
(pointing to the largest one) Now, what is this?
Hey, what's going on?
Look at me! I'm all covered in oregano and Parmesan, and it's sticking to me because of the butter! Look at me!
Why? What wa?
Well, it's the style. (turns back to Jerry) Jerry give me the keys. (Jerry throws his keys to Kramer) Well, I guess we're gonna go for a drive now. She really loves that.
They're always walkin' around the city. Why not just strap something to them?!
Yeah, Jerry Im telling you I have this power. And I have no control over it.
Yeah, I'm here to pick up my new plates. My name is Kramer. Cosmo Kramer.
(points) You know, I really like that hairdo.
Ya that was pretty good, huh?
Yeah, I punched him and they took him to the hospital and then they canceled the rest of the week.
Hey ya want these (He throws down the golf clubs -- kicks the bag hard) I don't want em!
I'm in love.
I thought paper covered rock?
No.
So how'd you come up with the idea for the belt-less trench coat?
(To Jerry) Yates.
Oh, you gotta be kiddin'! You see those two ladies I got showin'? Do they look scared?!
All right! Yeah.. Courtside.. Whoa! Don't let this girl get away..
Okay (lifting the bag and carrying it into the apt.)
I'm in here. How's it going.
Elaine, he's a psychiatrist. They're interested in stuff like that.
I got them too.
So I start to walk, and I trip, and the grocery bag goes flying, and Woody, Woody starts laughing.
That's true.
(from inside) Yeah?
"No,No...You were here first."
"Lets share.. we share....Awight"
My Little Jerry! (Runs out.)
Oh, he's a tomcat.
Huh?
Kramerica is no more.
Jackie, I think I gotta case against the tobacco companies.
Hmm, Elaine's been to Hong Kong. I should give her a call.
Hey!
Emphysema, birth defects, cancer. But not this. Jerry, my face is my livelihood. Everything I have I owe to this face.
I think she liked me.
No.
(To Elaine, muffled, low, and threatening) Elaine, you want to stop?
No, that's no good. I'm leaving.
Woah.
Double bugger!
Jerry, that's in Sweden.
Let's turn the radio on. Maybe there's a news report about it.
Woah! Wait!
This food ,it has no taste......nothin' I'm gettin' nothin'...( realizes) It must be the toxic gas from the fumigation......( he leaves paranoid and confused)
Yeah.
Hey I'm really sorry about the other day. Really sorry.
From now on when we pass each other in the hall, I don't know you, you don't know me.
Yiddigtkk ka kibosh.
(Exiting the bedroom with Newman) Let's talk in Jerry's kitchen. I'll make some cocoa.
It never fails. See, it's based on your body clock. See, your body has an internal mechanism. It knows what time it is.
I'm starvin', I haven't had any dinner!
Seattle, yeah!
Happy birthday paruba!
That's their secret sign! See, Van Buren, he was teh eighth President.. (Holds up 8 fingers) They thought I was a former Van B. Boy!
No. It belongs to the British.
"Go ahead, go ahead you got it......(to the driver) He's got it."
Raquel Welch!
Oh yeah, it's working out. And I got a date with that waitress who works at Reggies.
I'm goin' to California. You know, I got the bug.
All right, why don't you just take a good, hard look at what your life will be like if I'm not around?
Oh yeah, like strawberry pie.
All right....Sit down George.
Yeah.
Well, it's my medical opinion, that you're making a big mistake. And it's going in my chart.
Wait, there is one way to find out. We set up a sting. You know like Abscam. Like Abscam Jerry.
(entering Monk's) Hey, you guys.
Lomez, Im Leavin
No. It's Original Ray's.
What did I just say?
What happened here?
Woah, wait, wait, wait. If you make a birthday wish out loud, it doesn't come true.
It's part of the banana family. It's a delicacy.
Oh, so look who's here. What do you want.
(off camera) Are we getting this?
Hey, where's Jerry?
(theatrical) I made a mistake.
So Jerry, (smacks hands and rubs palms together) What time we going to the movies?
Oh. Yeah, I been getting HBO and Showtime for free. See, they just found out about it, so now they wanna come and take it out.
Yes, yes. We shall all try a piece and tell you how delicious it is. (he takes pieces for himself and Jerry)
No, no, no, it's o.k. I don't care about the keys. It's my fault. I gave the keys away with my stupidity. I broke "the covenant of the keys."
George, I'm in love with her!
Thats for me. (to the phone) Kramerica Industries. Oh, hi, Mark. No no no. Forget that. I got a better idea. A pizza place where you make your own pie...
I didn't know.
Noh noh noh! I want you guys to shake hands. Come on, there are plenty of women out there for all of us, let's go.
Double or nothin'.
Yeah, yeah...that'd be funny. (To driver) Hey, you can drop me here!
Yeah, karate. I had no support. Not from him, not from Newman, no one. The first time I sparred with an opponent, I was terrified. My legs, they were like noodles. But then I looked inside, and I found my katra.
Yeah, me, too.
More? More than three thousand?
That?s fantastic! We'll scalp the tickets, we'll make maybe five hundred a ticket.
(to the phone) Hold on a second I got another call. Hello? Yeah, he'll call you back. (Jerry and George look at each other)
(taps the Father on the shoulder) That's good work.
Hey, spice. (gives Elaine a piece of meat.) Welcome to flavor country.
So you been living this secret the whole time by yourself?
(Faint, trying to shut George up) Hey..
(reaching in pocket) Hey, would you like a cigar? Y'know, they're Cubans.
Yeah. (George enters the apartment wearing goggles) Yeah, rock on!
Well, I'm gonna type it up.
Well, listen, if you bring 'em by, maybe we could interest you in a game of pool.. Yeah, Frank here - he's got his own billiard room.
Are you guys ready?
But what am I gonna do for fruit?
Hey, Seinfelds!
Hey.
(stops again) Well, first of all, for some reason, they started the game an hour Late. And uh, I was sittin' next to Spike Lee an' he an' Reggie were jawin' at each other, so I guess I got involved. (leaving)
Wait wait George. You got room in the car for the pig-man huh?
And we all know how painful that can be. (as he says this, he turns and speaks directly into the non-existent television camera. Jerry looks a bit confused.)
I told ya.
W..W..Wa...Wa..Wait..Wait wait.. Now lets videotape your head for the before picture, so we can watch how it grows and stuff. Sit down (George sits).....Lean back...A little bit to the right.
You got that right!
Well you can confine them, you can punish them, you can cram them into the corner, but they're not going away, Jerry.
I don't know! I'm gonna go and visit him later. (angrily) It would be nice if you got him something. (Punches the the table to accentuate this, and leaves.)
Alright, alright. I'll make the necessary adjustments, alright.
Hey, come on, these are some of my polar bear buddies.
Yeah that's right.
Whats to think about?
No. No It's Lily
Well, you know the important thing is that you learned something.
(to the Chinese delivery boy) How much do I owe you?
They got you too?
Hey, you know I got someone to make up that cologne for me, big mouth.
Elaine. Uh, you got a moment?
Uh, habla ingles?
What would be the point in taking the water?
(To George) Yeah, Franklin Delano Romanowski. (Resumes telling the story) I go to his birthday part, and just before he blew out his candles, he gives me this look..
Not yet. But the suspense is killing me.
Oh, Queensboro Plaza. (reties his shoelaces) This stop is famous for its gyros, you want one?
Yeah, well I think I spotted your car.
(out the window) Hey, Mike! Come on up, the fight's almost starting!
Alright, I'm triple-wishing! Yep!
Hey, Bogambo - they've been in the neighborhood for 48 years. Now, come on, Jerry. You've gotta have a pair of shoes in need of a cobblin.'
(his mouth is very full) Kenny? ... Kenny?
Well my stomach was burning.
Where you going?
Oh, hello.
Listen uh, you want some leftovers? I made some African food. There's, yambalas and uh, sambusa.
It's a sweater.
"Boy , you're looking sharp there Tim."
I'm down.
(Laughing) She caught you?
It's not a pizza until it comes out of the oven!
What...?
Remember that guy who took my jacket. The one I found at my mother's house.
I thought we had a deal?
Hey, I'll tell you what - you can do it on one condition.
Yeah. Hey listen, I uh, I need a picture of you, buddy.
So what?
Ooh, here we go. (pulls a cordless phone from his pocket) Yeah hello. Yeah, no, no, no, hold on.
Yeah, yeah me too. Yeah he was at the snack bar eating a hot fudge sundae. He had it all over his face. He was wearing that chocolate on his face like a beard and they got in there real nice and tight. And he's... (Imitates scooping up ice cream. Elaine and Jerry laugh)
Dean Jones, you wanting to talk to me?
Yeah. They were..quite taken with it.
Who?
How about Idi Amin, huh?
I have a uh...mental alarm. I set my head for... quarter to seven and... (makes sound with the lips - "pop!") ...I get up!
No no, I don't like this one. It's too yellow. Any pickles?
The tobacco companies.
You don't say?
Oh! You popped Woody Woodpecker!
Oh man.. No.. George, we gotta get you outta here. Get out! Right now! They'll kill ya in here.
Didn't even thin you were gonna use them.
(clueless) what is what?
Cars can go on empty, but not us humans, huh, fella? Ill get us a couple of Twix bars.
Mmmmm.
(Stopping him) No, no, no, no. You can't! You can't! This is something that comes about once in a lifetime! When we were boys, looking through our bedroom windows, we would think "Why can't there be a woman out there, taking her clothes off?" And now that wish's come true, and you want to (Makes a noise) throw it away?!
All right, where you going?
Relax, he does that all the time.
Hey, what are you doing here?
(walking out) Cause I know what happened, Jerry. (remembering something and walking back in) Did you call Alec Berg and thank him for the hockey tickets?
Me?
Oh, well uh, okay I'm there with, uh, Woody, you know, I'm at this bar and, uh, I'm sit-- you know it's Woody Allen, did I mention that?
All right, I'll see you later.
Did you see Bania's set last night? 'Cause I read on the Internet he killed.
I bet.
You see the idea is for a rubber ball inside the tanker so if it crashes, the oil wont spill out.
And you didn't ask me to do it? I could raise enough money to cure polio.
Oh, come on, they don't drive!
Yeah, this is Kramer. I got Genderson in the car. He wants to see his fish. I'm taking him to see his fish. So tell the police to back off.
Newman, what took you... ah hey, hey
(Baseball flies at Kramer and hits him) That's it, that's it! I warned you kids. I told you not to play in front of my house. This time, I'm keepin' it. And you're not getting back your rock either!
Well, I'm doing a coffee table book on coffee tables.
Let's go!
Oh, he's the best...and the worst.
Remember, you're a king, you must project a Royal bearing.
You know, my friend Bob Saccamano made a fortune off of those. See he came up with the idea for the rubber band. Before that, people would just hit the ball, and it would fly away.
Good, good. Lets uh keep it that way.
Well I also dropped it on the way over. Look I'm in trouble, I got no skills. I can't peel, I can't chop, I can't grate. I can't mince! I got no sense of flavor, obviously. You know, I gotta talk to Frank.
There's nothing to be nervous about.
Hey. (walking over to Jerry, who sits at the table reading the newspaper)
Hey, listen, I gotta go somewhere.
Haircut.
Uh, you remember my coffee table book?
In my spare time. (turns to George). You know, I'm working on one of you, George. I'm using ravioli. See, the hard part is to find a pasta that captures the individual.
I'm sorry. I mean, I know what it's like to be in love. Ties you up in knots. And Jerry is a very sexy man.
Yeah, excuse me, uh... You didn't by any chance recently get the wrong license plates?
But where does the meat go?
Hey, what's going on?
Oh yeah, yeah I heard, Marvin Kessler. Boy, that makes you think. If he could go...
It's by an unknown 20th-century poet.
Hey man, so how was the rest of Death Blow?
Our policy is, we're comfortable with our bodies. You know, if someone wants to help themselves to an eyefull, well, we say, 'Enjoy the show.'
You wanna go get him?
Yeah. It was very frightening. My life was in danger. You should've seen the way they talked to me.
Do you recognize it? ... The beach.
There's Marcelino. (Marcelino enters the ring holding a huge white rooster.)
SO...you're all in here together. How convenient. I hope you're all proud of yourselves.
Well then why would they take a limo from the airport?
hey
I don't know..
Same old, same old.
Not to mention the picture of him on the toilet.
All right, so we let the girls decide.
Oh, yeah yeah, I have to. I'm your fianc, Peter Von Nostrand.
Well I couldn't help it, you saw what she was wearing.
Jerry, ninety four percent of communications is non-verbal. Here watch.
(Leaving A LA GODFATHER) Don't ever go against the family Jerry.
It's Beef-A-Reeno..and I got fifty cans. You want some?
I like the Jumble You ever do the Jumble?
Oh, that's right.
Oh, it's a beauty! It's got these high-volume aqua-sage jets oscillating and pulsating, soothing your every aching muscle. The water's gonna get over 120 degrees! (happy)
Hey, Harold, what do you think?
Oh, yeah, yeah. I was a little off last week, huh Jerry -- Yeah but the doctor says it was just a slight concussion
Why, what...?
Yeah.
Because I'm like ice, buddy. When I don't like you, you've got problems. (notices some snacks on the table) Oh, is this for the fight?
Mushrooms, you got mushrooms Jerry?
Yeah, maybe we oughta become private detectives...
No, man! Not the gas!
(beckoning to George) Come on, I want you to come in here.
I know how to handle these psychotics.
No. You can't let him get away with this.
Im completely changing the configuration of the apartment. Youre not gonna believe it when you see it. A whole new lifestyle.
Look, just tell him you had sex with his wife. That'll kill him.
YAH! (exits)
Uh, well, It's a very private matter, but it's extremely urgent.
Gawd!!!
Well, what have you been doing?
I'm Cosmo.
Pineapple, sure, alright, I'll be right back.
It's just Original, Jerry!
Well you black out lane-lines one and three, and a four-lane highway becomes a two-lane comfort cruise. (to Jerry) So, you got any black paint?
Oh! Come on.
Hi.
Yeah, your phone is line one.
You know, I should've done this years ago. I mean, I feel like I've had two lives. My pre-mousse. And now, I begin my post-mousse. Hey, tell me the truth, have you ever seen a better looking guy?
In fact, listen...I'll go down there with ya. You know, we'll tell them there's a death in my family, you buy the ticket, I'll split it...then I'll get the bonus miles and you'll get to Detroit for a quarter of the price!
Easy Mickey, easy.
Oh, you better believe it.
Hey you got it.
You're *not*!!!
Uh, yes, uh, I--I wanted to, uh, stop by and make sure that my shark tank fits-- uh, hello.
Oh, not a problem.
Hey you keep that mutt away from me.
Now see the two of you need to work on trust... and then and only then will there be a free exchange of sex and discounts.. Cornerstones of a healthy relationship....and now if you would (taps twice on the door) excuse us. We need to get to bed.
(Tears out another eyelash) Ah! (Blows it away)
Sister Roberta gave it to me.
Well, you know, I really like this girl and I, you know, I think if I could just work out this one thing...
Hey.
Yeah. It's piquing hot. It's fresh out of the dryer. Hey Elaine you have to feel my pants.
No...
Hey! Did you hear the bank on the corner is offering a 100 dollars if you go in there and they don't greet you with a hello?
I'm very happy with this.
I got it. We'll kidnap him . and we'll drop him off Upstate and this way he won't bother you anymore and he won't get hurt.
Is that from Henry the Eighth?
(Crashing and banging around) Serenity nooooowwwww!
Look, I'll drive out here tomorrow and I'll show the I.D. I got nothing to do all day.
Tell me about it. We just picked up two women at the Gap.
What?
I'm watching The Bold and the Beautiful.
No reason. Oh, did you hear about that Dinkins?
Ah, Now, for those of us who don't know, uh, sidling is what?
Uhummm...
No. I think I picked up on a vibe.
No. No. I'm gonna stay home. I want to be close to my home base in case there's any news from the front. (he leaves)
(impressed) Now, listen, uh. You better not wait. I'll catch you later.
Oh, it's no big deal. It's just some guy who's been running around Riverside park-pffff. You know, cutting people's heads off.
Oh, you liked it huh.
You just gotta mention my name.
Yes. You see? Isn't that better than fighting? Animosity? I mean, you wanna fight with somebody, you fight with me. Oh, by the way George, you know those condoms I gave you? They're defective, don't use them.
Because it doesn't concern you.
Is that the waitress from the comedy club?
Uh, borrow. Its for my friend. Yeah, hell be buying..
(rushing into Jerry's apartment) Yeah, I called about the van.
Alright! Toss me an apron, let's bagel! (Takes off his coat, puts it in the display case, then turns to see a plate full of bagels.) What are those?
What'd you get for it?
Hey, buddy, don't say no!
Yeah, I'll be okay.
what?
AAH! AAGH!
Yeah. me neither.
Well, I wouldn't get your hopes up.
Hey, boys and girls. I need you both to sponsor me in the AIDS walk.
They're right out here.
(moody) Oh, why do I have to go? They're your friends.
Oh, boy.
"Hi Gwen, hi tide."
That's mine. That's my smell. Jerry you've got to get that model to get me an appointment with CALVIN KLEIN.
Well, I was under the impression that I could take anything I wanted from your fridge, and you could take whatever you want from mine.
I told you I sold them to Bania.
(Sarcastic) Oh, oh, the paper..
Alright! (flinging pieces of torn paper to the ground) Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! (Jerry falls to the floor and starts arranging pieces) Look at you! Look at what you've sunk to! Look at what you've become! Look in the mirror, cause you need help, Jerry. You need help, because I can't stand by and do it anymore. It's turning my stomach! I can't stand around here watching you destroy yourself. It's eating me up inside!
Look, let me handle this.
Maestro.
Yeah, sit, sit, sit Weeell! (laughing, clapping)
What, she's been away?
What do you want me to say? That the things haven't worked out the way that I planned? That I'm struggling, barely able to keep my head above water? That L.A. is a cold place even in the middle of the summer? That it's a lonely place even when your stuck in traffic at the Hollywood Freeway? That I'm no better than a screenwriter driving a cab, a starlet turning tricks, a producer in a house he can't afford? Is that what you want me to say?
What are you all dressed up for?
Ooo!
Yeah. Elaine, she has to leave her armoire on the street all night...I'm gonna guard it for her. I need something to sit on.
All right.
Hey, you know they were supposed to do my scene today?
I think we've all experienced that.
Wait a second. I can get change.
This ramp is steep.
I must know.
Awe there making faces at me cause I've had a couple of cafe lattes. But I'm entitled to them. I can have as many cafe lattes as I want, that was the settlement.
"My wife has an inner ear infection."
Yeah. Assman, Jerry. I'm Cosmo Kramer, the Assman!
What is that?
Oh, fantastic! (Jerry and George both pick out a bagel) It felt so good to get my hands back in taht dough.
Well, I don't know if I lost track of time - or what, but the next think I knew..
What is what?
Ok, can I just talk to somebody? Can I just explain...
Ah, you're making too much of it.
Ah ha!
Wellll, I wouldn't go as far as that.
Hey, he's a terrific guy.
Well ..I don't argue with the body Jerry. It's an argument you can't win.
Ah to take some of the pressure off of me. So, Jerry ah, what's going on with you? I understand there's a young lady in your life. mmm.
(low tone) All right, yeah.
Uh, I just want to say I think you're wonderful.
Yeah, because she's throwing off my whole sleep. She's got the jimmy legs.
(not understanding him) Hey, thanks.
Bania, you're killing me.
I know what I'm gonna say.
Wait, wait, (Exits)
Yeah. How'd it go?
Oh, you're not gonna get caught. Look, let me get him. Man, it's the nineties, it's Hammer time! Come on, just let me get him.
He's lying.
Well, what if there should be an unfortunate accident?
(Leaning in, confidentially) Cigars.
I had some trouble at my place, so I need a little company at night to sleep.
Mmm.
And Newman gave you money too. So, I didn't even meet this guy. You know, we trusted you.
Listen do me a favor -- just call Jerry, tell him to bring me some clothes.
All right! OK! Right, here we go. Yeah. OK, so... 'For sale. A big, juicy van.' And, ooh, you gotta put down, 'interesting trades considered.'
Well maybe he likes Dinky Donuts.
Youve never had cantaloupe like this before...
Ahhh! (Shocked after seeing the baby)
No, the acting bug. Ever since I was in that Woody Allen movie.
Well I have the same shirt.
(deadly serious) It's a verbal contract. We had a deal.
Hey, Jerry, you know, Lloyd wants to do you a favour.
All of it. You want to invest?
Well, Ill think of something.
We've officially bottomed out, mm. Who's our next guest?
Yes! These are sweatshop eggs.
Oh now you don't want my business.
Ah, the steering wheel fell off. I don't know where it is.
Who's that?
Well you're not getting any money back. (Kramer opens the door) Jerry, come back in here.
Oh, there's action. There's plenty of action. That damned alien autopsy is stealing all the headlines.
No (throws hand in the air and turns and looks back at Jerry)
Oh, yes indeed...
I don't know, Jerry gave it to me.
Yea.
uptown, to the Y
You know, Rick, oftentimes, Jerry - he lends me his car and I find myself in a situation where the car is almost out of gas. But, for a variety of reasons, I dont want to be the one responsible for purchasing costly gasoline.
It's like ten dates in one shot.
Hey.
Right here at the mall.
oh that wouldn't be very good
You got any Ipecac?
What? Where are we going?
Next week? How come it's takin' so long?
1937, 1937, 1937...
(signs it) Okay. (The clerk hands him a manila envelope). Thanks. (opens up the envelope) Assman? Oh, no, these don't belong to me. I'm not the Assman. I think there's been a mistake.
Well actually we talked about you. Yeah. He had some pretty interesting things to say.
Yeah.
Oh, was he? Was he? I guess the cable man doesn't like to be kept waiting.
Well, you can get 'em back.
Whew, chicks man. Too many chicks know my number.
That's it George. Come on, come on. Give it to me. Come on,work it. Work it. Yeah be a man, be a man.
Jackie we gotta talk.
Yeah calzone.
Ok.
I'm on my way to cash in their plane tickets for them. They need a little food money.
... My mother's a matron!
They're prisons. Man made prisons. You're doing time. You get up in the morning. She's there. You go to sleep at night. She's there. It's like you gotta ask permission to use the bathroom. Is it all right if I use the bathroom now?
What?
Polio?
Psst. Hey.
I know, Jerry. It's okay. (Jerry steps aside) Yeah, look, Brody. Uh, Jerry wants to do the bootleg. He's dyin' to do it. But if you don't make him happy, the work suffers. And then, nobody's happy.
I'm on the Mexican, whoa ohh, radio...
Course I will. These are staples.
(Confused) What is up with you two?
Damn!
(whistles). He's good. He's *very* good. He worked on this kid from Guatemala with no nose. Turned him into Ricardo Montalban.
Where do you turn it on?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, you should have gone to the Costanzas' for dinner. Mmm the Paella was magnificent. Have you ever had really good Paella?
Uh, no, no, not yet.
So ah, what do you think Mr. Chiles.
You know, that happened to Lomez, so he blew his neighbor's circuit.
Why? What's one thing got to do with another?
Here you go, buddy. (shows it to Jerry).
Yeah. I really liked those glasses he was wearing. Where'd he get those.
Hey I know how to sign.
Hey! Anybody home? Oh boy.
Well, it's uh, common courtesy.
(momentary confusion) Wha...? Uh... (thoughtful) That's interesting.
So he actually had it?
Oh, man! All right, come on. There's got to be something that'll change your mind, FDR. Something.." (FDR lifts up a cooler, and puts it on the table) What, you want my kidney? (FDR is smiling wickedly as he pulls a snowball out of the cooler) Mama!..
I didn't push you. How much did you pay that guy?
Well, It's quite a thrill.
There's Salman.
Yeah, so he says if Little Jerry Seinfeld wins, the check comes down.
Is, uh, David Puddy there?
Ya' know, people who glitter. She's a slim gal.
They're a crazy religious cult. The carpet cleaning is just a means for them to get into your apartment.
You got the paper yet?
Ya I didn't know you could cook.
Well I don't remember that part.
Youre his friend. Better that she should sleep with someone else? Some jerk that he doesnt even know?
hey
Weather? I don't need weather. Weather doesn't do it for me.
Uh, Jer, well you know, I was cookin and I, I uh, I came in to get this spatula...and I left the door open, cause I was gonna bring the spatula right back!
(animated) They're not real Cubans. They're Dominicans.
Well, he's in the hospital. And the cook says you put him there.
Ow
What? What? What? Tell me.
But you don't have to do this! This guy is waiting in my house.
I just took a bath, Jerry. A bath?
Hey, you should see the Berkhardt, Jerry. My mile is spotless. I mean the big stuff was easy. Cinderblocks, air-conditioners, shopping carts (makes sound - fzup!), I just rolled 'em into the woods.
This was a fun day. It's nice to get out.
So Elaine in your movies is the sex real or is it simulated?
Not really.
Oh, hey Lloyd, hey buddy. (gets up and shakes Lloyd's hand)
Hi, I'm H.E. Pennypacker. I'm a wealthy American industrialist uh, looking to open a silver mine in the mountains of Peru and uh, before I invest millions in a lucrative mine, I, I'd like to go a little native. Uh, Get the feel of their condiments, of their unmentionables, you know, the real uh, gritty-gritty.
Yeah, you knew he had a cold. How'd you expect him to blow his nose? YEA!
(surprise) What?
Oh, oh your foot fell asleep.
Yeah, I love going to the country.
Jerry, a gift not enjoyed is like a flower that doesn't blossom.
Alright, now look I gotta run some errands, so look. When Elaine comes by with that bike, you hang onto it for me, alright?
And yet, he's my friend.
Don't blame me.
Well, I feel that it would be best that you didn't talk to Noreen for a while...
Jerry, George got arrested.
Ooh, how quickly we forget. You owe me buddy.
It might be. I mean whatever you want.
Alright, I'll tell you what. Next time I talk to him, maybe I'll bring it up. I'll feel him out.
What's that smell?
Well, I think one of us should leave.
Yes!! Yes, that's what they do! They live in the bathroom! All right, what are we going to do? We are going to get our money back, right?
By the way, thanks a lot for inviting me to the flea market.
Hey, buddy. How was career day?
A LOT of 'em! (wild gesture, freaked out) Do you think maybe I'm... Depleted??!!
Well I knew the exit on the Long Island Expressway, and I thought that the address was 8713 Riviera Drive. Uh uh, so I drove around knocking on everybody's doors that had those numbers; 8317, 7813, 3718, 1837, whoo. Finally, I hit it. 8173.
Woah, you didn't like her?
(to baby) Koochie koochie koochie koo
Boxers! How do you wear these things!! Look at that--they're baggin' up, they're rising in! An' there's nothing holding me in place! I'm flippin'! I'm floppin'!
Yeah, yeah...What's your read, Stan?
Yeuu.
I'm dizzy.
Hey.
Gonorrhea? You wanna trade?
Why is that? Why do you have to know everything?
Anything you wish. I'll tell you a little secret about zip codes They're meaningless! (Laughs evilly, driving away)
I'm ready! I'm ready! Glory hallelujah!
(to Jerry) Well at least let me audition.
I told you.
And as we speak, she's generously writing PBS a check for fifteen hundred dollars!
Oh, shh, Kenny Roger's? Whew, boy, I hate that place.
Why?
Well, that's good. Because, uh, Newman and I--
Ehh.. (Picks up a carton of food) No expiration date on this.. (Opens it, then starts coughing directly onto the food)
Yeah. Oh, here, wait wait (walks a few steps to catch up to her as she stops) Ah, maybe you could ah, use this (he searches through his jacket) Ah, here, it's a electronic organizer...
Ah, people in this city are crazy.
I'm calling the shots around here so there won't be anymore ACCIDENTS!
Hey, what kind of stuff are you listening to? You *embarrassed* me at that store.
It was supposed to erupt.
Yeah, I turned up the heat.
No no, look. Ill tell you what -- they're having a sale right.
You begged me.
Goodnight, Mr Oh.
I'm going home to spatula. (picks up the check and walks to the cashier)
Whoa!
No no no, that's no good. No, I really don't think that's a beg. No, it's close, but uh...
Antonio. In here!
Oh, Ive been in the slash many times. This is nothing. Youll get used to it. Just, (Makes a popping sound) put it out of your mind.
Look at the stitching (takes the jacket off to show Bania) This is old world craftsmanship.
(reading from the Penthouse Forum) "I know this is going to sound like a crazy fantasy but every word of this story is true" (exits to street) " A few weeks ago my girlfriend happened to mention to me how attractive she thought our new neighbor Linda was"
Santa speaks the language of all children. A notchie watchie dotchie do.
It's this itch. I was watching TV without my shirt on, and one my couch cushions didn't have any fabric on it.
I wouldn't walk over there.
"What kind?"
Well, I'm making out my will. Oh, I got a big slice of dough for you, buddy. And you too, Elaine, I haven't forgotten you.
Jerry. Did ya ever have your sperm count checked?
Uh huh.
I wanna be a pirate.
Yeah, I know, but I can't drive anybody anywhere until I go down to the motor vehicle bureau and get my new plates.
I said Cubans. What'd you think I meant?
Hey, stay away from the chicken. Bad, bad chicken, mess you up.
Jerry, if the man is in pain...
It's Kramer!
So, uh... what are you gonna do with that one now?
It was under a spoon!
(to the phone) Oh, theyve got a cure for cancer. See, its all big business. Oh hey, Jerry just walked in. Hi, George. (to the phone again) Yeah yeah yeah yeah take my number. 555-8643. Okay, here he is.
Well, maybe you should try again. You know what happens the first time people are a little shy, a little reticent.
Good. (To Earl) Here's my collateral.
Well, you're not checked at on it.
Are you leaving? Cause I got you covered.
Ah, Yeah. uh...
How're you doin' there, big guy? (Puts his arm around the tobacco store Indian)
Jerry, you forgot your purse.
Hey! Elaine. Go Like this. (imitating a mannequin posture)
Listen, George, all these issues are interrelated.
(screaming again) HEY, 230 AIN'T GONNA CUT IT IN THIS TOWN, BABE!
Ah, Ah, Ahhhhh!!!!!!
Because you see, George, having the keys to Jerry's apartment? That kept me in a fantasy world. Every time I went over to his house, it was like I was on vacation. Better food, better view, better TV. And cleaner? Oh - much cleaner. That became my reality. I ignored the squalor in my own life because I'm looking at life, you see, through Jerry's eyes. I was living in twilight, George. Living in the shadows. Living in the darkness...like you.
Oh yeah, yeah, I got 20 copies.
Pzzzt. No.
Well, Happy Festivus.
What are they doing here?
Are they war veterans?
It was outrageous. And she's the heir to the O'Henry candy bar fortune.
(positive) That makes me the premiere.
Jerry?
What? What this? I'll be out of here in couple of hours. Hey, guess who I met today? Rick Savage, oh nice kid, really good kid. You know, we're talking about doing a project together.
Oh hey, Helen uh, Could I uh, use some more of your hand lotion?
Come on, let him go. You want throw? Let's throw!
No, just plug it in and the Commando 8 does the rest. (And to Jerry) I'll seal that up later, right?
Hey.
Good luck with that.
Where's Jerry?
Well, thank you.
Don't take my money!
Well, it's common sense.
Whoa whoa, backup, Dr. Sitarides, what happened there?
Ok, it's forgotten.
Yeah! Bunsen burner. (runs his fingers through the flame) oo ya ya.
Well who's gonna turn down a Junior Mint? It's chocolate, it's peppermint-- it's *delicious*!
I didn't have any quarters for the dryer. Anyway this is better. And it's more convenient.
You know, actually, Jerry, you haven't worked a room that big in a while.
(Snaps) The Place To Be!
The priests theyre helping me. I just bathed in vinegar.
So, ah then, I ah had to kill him and ah, well the police are still looking for me.
Mr. O'Neill?
(putting the items on the counter) Got the answer, Jerry. Refrigerator problem, is solved.
He just sunk like a stone.
Uh huh, that's the guy that was here. You're the friend.
Well, I ah.. been havin' trouble at home and uh.. I mean, ah, you know, I'll work harder, nights, weekends, whatever it takes..
I sure am.
The coffee was too hot.
Jerry, you should pay that price.
You're the nucleus, the straw that stirs the drink. You're the Miana!
There you go.
I don't wanna go back on there!
Hey, I'm under fire here. (another club hits) I'm under heavy fire here, boy. (another hit) Jeez! That was a five-iron!
You mind if I use it in my book?
(shouting) Yeah yeah, we're cracking along pretty good! We're almost up to 80 degrees!
You oughta get that wire fixed. (They go to leave) I got the door. (Shuts the door, the broken lamp falls to the floor)
Jerry. I don't know if you've noticed, but lately, I've been drifting, aimlessly?
(guiltily) The door.
It's still your fruit, you gotta stand behind your fruit.
I just can't get over how fantastic you look.
Me neither.
What?
Right here, come on, I'll show you.. (Gets behind Frank, holding the pool stick with him) Take hold of your stick.. alright, bring it back slowly..
Why be uncomfortable if you don't have to? It's organic.
All right, What about the money?
Yeah, that's weird.
You think people will still be using napkins in the year two-thousand? Or is this mouth-vacuum thing for real?
Yeah, I like him. Hey Jerry, what time you got?
What happened to Newman?
Hey!
I know it's not what the ladies like. But without some solid sack time, I'm a zombie.
(yells) Newmanniun!!
Alright, what happened, Frank? What is it that you can't get over?
Don't be a fool.
That's the one. A big Hollywood so-and-so optioned it for a movie.
What were you talking about when I went to the bathroom?
(realisation) Mother's Day.
Yeah, you better think again Mojumbo.
The discount pharmacy?
Well, I got the tools. I got the pillows. All I need is the lumber.
Nobody carries wallets anymore. I mean, they went out with powdered wigs. Yeah, see here's what you need. Just a couple of cards and your bankroll. See, keep the big bills on the outside.
Ms. Welch.
Jerry!
I don't know.
Let's go.
Well Elaine, when you're shopping on Madison Avenue, you don't want to skip on the, swank.
Who's to say it didn't?
Right here. (Elaine enters)
This is America! I don't have to wear anything I don't want to wear!
Newman. (Kramer smacks Newmans arm)
Well, all over the place. Yeah, I'm a seat filler. They don't like to see empty seats on TV so when somebody gets up I just park my kaboos on their spot until they get back.
Now see, this is what the holidays are all about. Three buddies, sitting around, chewing gum, huh? Mmm, mmm, yeah. So uh, you know, Lloyd, he thinks he can get more of this.
(stunned) Whuf! This is unbelievable.
Or is it because I've built a stronghold around Greenland? I've driven you out of Western Europe and I've left you teetering on the brink of complete annihilation.
Oh.
Yey eye ca-catfight.
yeah, she's a nice girl, kinda quiet though.
Well, now I can't see Jerry.
(entering) Hey.
wow
Well then we saw this woman, and she was wearing a bra with no top.
Jerry, I think I bought too much at that price club. I don't have any room for it all.
Yeah. Open it.
Ah No no, I haven't.
Well, I'm sorry. I gave you gonorrhea because I thought you'd have fun with it.
A hand model?
Hey, hey.
Elaine. you don't know the first thing about first base.
Oh, so he took you back.
Oh. Cotton Dockers!
I thought you said it was a scratch.
Yeah!
He's sleeping with his maid!
The one that was hit a couple of nights ago.
Jerry, you did him a favor. He probably wants to come up and thank you.
Hips! See, its all hips.
Well, I was excited because Jerry was putting on the puffy shirt.
I got a stone.
Hey, I'm going to be right back. I'm going to get a match.
Bombs away (Uh oh).
Well I'm very disappointed in George and Elaine. And you know I'm somebody you don't want to have on your bad side.
Oh come on Jerry, you're wrong. People they want to watch freaks. This is a "can't miss."
Pale? Oh my God...I gotta meet Anna's parents today! (The phone rings.)
Hey, I didn't twist your arm.
Then I'll be back.
...All right ..Starting now......
DeSoto's down, but Cosmo's got the caboose.
Hey, pistol-packin mama, you swing that gal around, Allemande left with the old gray hag, around and around you go. Yee-ha!!
Oh, tough crowd.
Well that's stupid
???
(hesitant) I uh, I was thinking maybe I should spend the night.
That's right! She an' I have had a very long talk. An' I was appalled to learn of the destructive influence you've had over her life, lo these many years...
That's all I got.
What? When did this happen?
Using your touch-tone keypad, please enter the first three letters of the movie title, now.
... so the ball takes of and I'm waiting for it to turn.
Yeah.
(Thinks) 1500 dollars.
What? Jimmy Sherman?
You got it?
(sarcastic) Oh, yeah! Yeah!
Yeah, yeah, that's where England used to send their convicts.
Well, after he heckled Toby, she got so upset, she ran out of the building and a street sweeper ran over her foot and severed her pinky toe.
Quone. To quone something.
Oh? How do you figure?
All right all right. Come on I'll take you over to Newman's
Oh, what? Am I... tooo boring for you?
Id give him 24 hours to get out of it. They cant get out of it in 24 hours, its a land rush.
See, that's why I don't want to.
No, I never realized what an attractive man he is.
Oh, yeah.
EVIL, eye.
Right by her!
Hey! Happy Festivus, everyone! (Hugs George, and jumps up and down) Hee, hee, hee!
These showers are horrible. There's no pressure, I can't get the shampoo out of my hair.
Y- B-briefly. Now, I gotta find a good place to hide this key. Because if somebody finds this, they hold the key to all my possessions. (makes a clicking sound)
Uh, no. Actually, it's Kramer.
Uh, well, my father when I was a kid, he took me to the bank and he lifted me up and he pointed to the teller and he said 'Sonny boy, take a good look at him, that's gonna be you some day.'
I got this treatment I think you'll be great in.
Frank!
(smiles) Cadillac. Ooh-la-la.
What happened?!
maana I'm doing nada
Oh.
Yeah! And get this I just got off the elevator with him and I tested him, I tested him, like I...this is what I said to him, like I, I was like this, I went, Oh, by the way, I know about the stuff.
Boy, look at that. Se that's that fire I was listening to yesterday.
Hello, Mrs. Costanza.
I just wanted to borrow your Dust Buster.
That's right. Now it looks like it was broken during shipping and I insured it for $400.
(Shrugging it off) Nah, no, no, no. No doctors for me. A bunch of lackeys and yes-men all towing the company line.. (Looks at Jerry, then leans in so Elaine can't hear) Plus, the botched my vasectimy.
Aw, no, no I didn't notice it. no, uh,
What ever turns you on.
Well, I knew him as well as she did.
Uh, yeah.
Well, I couldn't find my shoes.
You know, get some good word of mouth goin'.
He thinks I am. I'm not gonna betray that trust. Here's what I wanna do; I think I can get a section...
Yeah.
Yeah, it's my left arm, I can't swing it!
No no no, I want you to beg me. And I don't want you to say it, I just want you to put some beg into it. Go on.
Cause Im getting rid of it.
Yeah, Java World wants to settle.
Hello boys, (in an Irish accent) top of the morning to ya. What do you say?
Well so she faked 'em, so what?
Good for you.
Oh, well, thank you.
Oh, uh, this power. Im dangerous Jerry, Im very very dangerous.
I know, it's great. And I saw Jane topless. (Jerry shows that 'damn' expression behind George)
All right. I got two words for you; Pre-Nup.
I think it's going to be okay - that girl just smiled at me.
What?
A gymnast!
(building up steam as George bolts for the door) No, and only the purest syrup nectar can satisfy you!
Yeah, a player...
Definitely.
Ah, no, that's not in the budget.
Exclamation point.
Saved a fortune. Look at that. Heyy.
It's terrible!
Look at this. This sandwich is terrible. Everywhere you go, they give you this misshaped shardy meat. Look at this...
Umph, sorry! But the rules clearly state that you cannot clean the ball unless it's on the green. The rules are very clear about that.
So what's up, Diggity Dog?
The slicer! Elaine, let's go.
Just drive.
Well, Jerry, he doesn't have anything. (Sensing Steve's disappointment) Well, but I might have something.
Don't...
Will you calm down. I took all my blood down to Newman's. He let me put it in his meat freezer.
rock
No, no. See, that's no good. See, you don't know how to act.
(Interrupting) I'LL TAKE IT!!
Hey, Ralph.
(agitated) I mean, it's killing me! Newman's got the jump on the invites, and will crush me if I try to go it alone!
I'm calling Jerry.
Giddy-up!
Well, this time, this time youre wrong. Cmon. Ill even bet you.
Oh yeah, yeah. I borrowed some cones from them when I was sweeping my car-pool lane.
Hey, do me a favor... Some guy comes in looking for me, tell him you don't know where I am.
Why?
Hey, how did you know about the guy in the park?
Yeah, wait till we get on the Expressway.
(singing) ... It's a big, wild, funky mountain man ...
That was alright.
HELLO!
That kid is gonna be all right.
Liked me.
You know, I never thought of it like that before, doctor. (points) You, are absolutely right.
Better get that
I thought I DID!
Oh, he's cold.
well that voice, it's very familiar.. throaty, almost flinty
No, no. A bra is for ladies.
Jerry... Newman... Two-thousand...
No, but this is all very exciting. (sounding very much like jerry)
I'll pretend I didn't hear that.
Hey.
I'm not taking her out just to influence the results.
Oh, that's right, right, right. And uh you mentioned that uh, you didn't get a G.I. Joe. You had an
No, no, no, no, no. This man is not insane. Now there's nothing wrong with it or you.
(rolling the dice) Yeah. I am taking over South America and there ain't nothing you can do about it.
Just get some gum or something.
I here you make a pretty mean calzone.
Well did you mention my name?
Okay.
Hey!
You scream good.
"Well I take 'em........They give me a Whooooosh."
What did you go up there to heckle her for?
Elaine, I'm really sorry about the armoire.
Look... I've known Newman all my life, in the building, and you're all wrong about him. He's a model tenant. Portly, yes, but smart as a whip.
(singing) yodel lay hee hoo! yodel lay hee hoo! hello! (Kramer jumps around George from one side to an other)
What's up?
Huh?
Alright, lean forward, relax.
Allison. Hi. Uh--listen I'm really sorry about what happened at the game last night. Listen--could I have a ticket tonight--'cause the Rockets are in town an' that, Hakeem Olajuwon? Ohhh--he's got a real attitude.
Git.
Oh, I keep getting these nosebleeds.
She has delicate beauty.
Have you ever seen a handicapped person pull into a space and park?
Yeah, this is better. So, you got any shredded coconut?
Lomez, he sold me his hot tub.
Well, let's look in lost and found, shall we?
Oh, hey.
So!
(quiet, delicately) Allison spoke to me, and um. She wanted me to speak to you.
I'm fried.
And how am I gonna do that, Toots?
Some taxidermy that's been in my family for generations, my Tony, my... military discharge.
Hey, Jerry.
Let me talk to him.
Five minutes. What?
Hey
(To himself) Hey, look. An hour with Patrick Swayze.
No, No You said Hey!
Its over four hundred?
Up here, I'm already gone. (Kramer exits.)
So what I'm going to leave the car running and the heat 'll be on.
Yes. It's dangerous.
Yeah. uh..I was in here the other day and I went up to that teller and he didn't say hello.
Pam? Oh, it's a beautiful name. (Kramer sits on the couch.) Pam. Pam. Pam!
Uh.. that's right.
Jerry's got nothing. Newman's got nothing. You're the only one I know who's got the good stuff, and I need it bad, baby, cause I feel like I got bugs crawling up my skin. Now you gotta help me out.
My quilt is still at the cleaners. Jerry, I can't sleep without my quilt. Like the other night? I was cold. So, last night, I turn up the heat - it's too hot. I open up a window - it's too cold. (Frantic) I can't get into a zone!
Well, wha -- I, uh -- uh, we were kind of, uh, talking to each other, weren't we?
Well because I meet a lot of women in this jacket, you know they're attracted to it. I mean why do you think my mother went out with him?
All right, what's wrong with the plane we got? They're just checking it out.
Oh yeah, people really seem to be enjoying themselves. You know, they come in once, it's like they're addicted. (Katie enters)
Hey hey hey!! Come on! Jerry, George, now stop it!
Wow. Man. What a day. Could I use a drink. (starts getting a drink and ice)
yep.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, I'm with him.
That's good thinking.
Yeah, ok. Wait. (concentrates and makes the "pop!" sound) Done! (Jerry stares, confused)
Well, I don't know, but the key problem is solved. I hid it at Phil's...
Grossbard's plane leaves in ten minutes. I *still* got time to catch him!
Fling!
Oh, they're Soviet Cable guys.
I don't know.
Yeah, right...
What, at this place? It would destroy my whole profit margin.
Because of the Giant game! I told you, It went overtime! You know what those seats are like. They're very unforgiving.
Oh Tuscany huh? Hear that Jerry? That's in Italy.
Yeah, yeah. (Getting out of the car) Well, Ill think about it..
$15.90.?
Oh, thank you, thank you so much. I have so many people I want to thank and don't want to forget anyone...
"He..he... When they pull that needle out I let the expletives fly."
Oh, and that voice!
(smiling) Well...
I didn't think I had to. Look with a piece of Tupperware you just assume.
Alright, alright, fine. You take the monkey's side, alright, go ahead.
Awright I'm gonna get George to pick me up.
Well, this has all been one big tease!
Alright, I'm down.
Ok, I'll go with you.
All right. Now you listen, and you listen good. I know who you are. You're the scofflaw.
Look, George, just think about it. You know, you're married, how would you feel if somebody says to you that they just had se...
Yeah.
Umas number is on that ticket.
Yeah, well, I can't have this hanging over my head. It's bad mojo.
Hey.
No, no, no. That's hundred percent non-fat.
(triumphant) Hey, Jerry! Guess what! The Kramer name might live on! Noreen's late! She's laaate!! (give two thumbs up)
Why don't you just tell me where you want to see the movie?
Well, yeah, lets do it uh?
Wet and wild.
I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do. You go to Tor Eckman. Tor, Tor, he'll fix you right up. He's a herbalist, a healer, George. He's not just gonna fix the tonsils and the adenoids, he is gonna change the whole way you function - body and mind.
Oh, come on George! I didn't do that on purpose!
Yowza yowza. Check it out.
It's about a guy buying a loaf of bread.
I know how to sign.
Buddy Hackett?
Well these seats have no lumbar.
Yeah, or it could be a proctologist.
Well I ...
What?
My friends got 'em, I?m going to pick them up tomorrow.
Mmm, doesn't that smell good, huh?
Yeah.
It's not for me. It's for Hilde -- the waitress I was telling you about. She's hungry, she wants food. If I go back in there without any food ... there's gonna be trouble. (his voice gets really high pitched on his last sentence)
Oh well, he's more than O.K., he won!
I had the directions on the seat right next to me, they flew out the window.
Yeah, well, no good?
Really?
Jerry, what am I gonna do for fruit?
Wait, wait, wait... Sergio Mendes has a cult following.
Now look, we're going to stop at the shoe maker right now. You gotta get some lifts for your shoes.
I don't know.
(Sarcastic) Yeah, yeah. We'll get back to you. (Pulling the rickshaw with Newman) Let's get this baby home.
Well, move in here.
...shell. And fondled his muscled heart. He embibed her glistening spell...just before the other shoe...fell.
He couldn't handle that, he's delicate.
He's pulling out a gun! He's got a gun, Jerry!!
So I listened to my katra and now <vreep> I'm dominating the dojo. I'm class champion.
Wha-- Oh, hey.
I'm taking the board with me.
(to Judge) I was very upset that day because I could never become a banker.
Well, who says I can do any of the things I do in my place?
Are you through?
Why not?
Why, what's wrong with bro?
Well, maybe I did overextend myself.
Uhm, interesting texture. It's chewy. (he half-coughs, half-retches) I gotta get, some air.
Man, did you see that fireball? Woo-hoo-hoo, hoo-hoo.
I got it. Yep.
No, I can't, all right I can't ...
Yeah, well, ah, I'll tell you, uh Regis... actually, this is a true story. I umm I was skiing at the time.
"Yes sweep."
Ah, gentlemen.. bagels on the house!
What?
Blood!
Ah.
Yeah, a different one.
Really.
What is it blowing up?
When do you pit the sauce on?
Because since you've been playing God with the front door, I've been tryin' to smooth things out, Jerry. In fact, I was just hanging out at his place.
He's a happy camper huh?
What? What do you mean? I just said she needs a nose job.
Yep! And, in two days, I'm off to Puerto Rico.
Whe have the same symptoms.
Yeah, it was olive loaf. You want that?
That's for radiation.
(Making his way toward the door) What? They just gotta be worked in a little bit, that's all. (Pulling the door shut behind him) Alright, see you later.
You know, Klick!. A couple of dingers.
No.
Are too.
Hey.
(having lunch with Jerry and his parents) Oh, well... I handed out all the Wizards. Polls close in one hour. Whoo hoo hoo! I think we've got this baby all sewn up, huh? Oh, uh, there was an extra one. Norman Burgerman, he won't be leavin' any tips where he is.
See, that's the same thing that happened to Lomez.
Alright, so you have a good show, huh buddy?
Yeah, but you've gotta come with us.
Apparently.
Het, Mickey when do we get a break? My lap is killing me.
OK. Let's turn the water on now.
Let's just take a bus back to the city.
But I'm tired..
I'm freezin'! I just need to get my hot tub running. I'm waiting for my new heat pump.
(Shrugging Jerry off) Nah.
Yeah, alright...
(interested) Well, how do you do?
All right, which one is Julie? (They walk over to the table and fight over who sits where) Hey, you ladies look lovely tonight. (Continue to struggle)
look come on, let me use it, 5 minutes, I'll pay you back huh?
You weren't even married yet.
No, no, no, no. I'll show you. (slams a bill down on the counter) One hotdog please.
Huh, Okay.
Yeah, how was it?
Sand, I can get rid of the sand. (he sits at the table, looking down his shirt) Look theres still some in here, it won't go away! Look I even got sand in the pockets!
What was the question?
Well, don't worry about it. I know a guy.
Really.
What happened there?
What, what, I thought you went to the movies!
Alright, so there I am at Lorenzo's - loading up my slice of the fixin's bar.. garlic, (imitates the shaking of garlic onto a pizza) and what-not.. mmm, mmm.. and I see this guy over at the pizza boxes giving me the stink-eye. (Imitates the 'stink-eye') So I give hime the crook-eye back, (Imitates the 'crook-eye') you know.. Then, I notice that he's not alone! I'm taking on the entire Van Buren Boys!
Yeah!
Take it.
Doc, huh?
Well, I'm sorry, Jerry, we all don't have checks rolling in like you do.
Yeah, yeah. Anyway, uh...we're going into business together. Remember that idea I had a few years ago about the pizza place where you make your own pizza?
That smell. What's that smell?
Yeah.
I'm terribly sorry, Mr. Ross. One never knows how the gastrointestinal workings of the equine are going to function.
Right this way, mister Doody!
Really?
Yeah -- yeah.
I saw a couple of other guys out there.
Listen to me. When that car rolls into that dealership, and that tank is bone dry, I want you to be there with me when everyone says, "Kramer and that other guy, oh, they went further to the left of the slash than anyone ever dreamed!"
(noise - like shivery) Datiditadit.
"yeah, yeah, lets do that."
Yeah, well, I'm sorry, but the Alex is a family theatre, not one of your swing joints.
Well, the handicapped woman? I went to see her.
Let's see.. (studies them) oh, those are nice. You know, I've never noticed this before? They're smooth.. creamy.. delicate, yet (Turns to Jerry) masculine.
Yeah, Im a cop. Im a good cop. Im a damn good cop! (On that line, Kramer points to Ray, and Ray turns back to the wall. Kramer heads for the door.) Todays your lucky day, junior, cause Im gonna let you off with a warning. Any more of this criminal activity, and youll be sorry. You got me?
(screaming at the players on the field) YOU BETTER CATCH IT,
Frank invented a holiday? He's so prolific!
I got a line in the movie!
Well well I've got things to do. I'll see you later. Bye.
Thanks for the juice box, Mrs. Z.
Oh, it's true.
Yeah, Bob Saccamano's father.
Yea.
Mine, too. I got one more day.
Yeah? It's my Chinese food.
We'll see you later...
T.C.B. You know, takin' care o' business. Aa--I gotta go.
I'm loving this.
(pulling out an undershirt) And I'm glad I did. Here.
And then, the evil ogre took back the magical keys from the handsome young prince.
(emerging from the changing room) Well, I don't mind if I do.
I love her, Jerry!
Newman, you magnificent bastard, you did it!
So everyone will know everybody's name. See, people are gonna be a lot friendlier.
(Feet off the ground, his body going everywhere on the couch) Wait, Jerry...Wait a minu...
Come on, Elaine, here, take half a bag.
(does a double take) It's too busy
(Angrily) Yeah, look I'm in the middle of something. Call back.
Jerry all these big companies they write off everything
(knocks on desk) Is thi oak?
What am I gonna say?
Oh. Kramer. Pleasure.
The car, which we're leaving. So the net is zero. See you pocket the money, if there is any, and you get a new car.
(shrill) What!?
What's a Chuckle?
All right, great, great uh, we'll share a cab.
What?
Look it's Bette It's Bette! Ah, Ah, AH, . . . Bette, psst, hi.
You got anything to drink? Agua?
Hey.
Let me get a glass of water. (Heads tward the sink)
Yeah, of course I got it at Joe's.
Oh, the face-painting auto mechanic. So she's dating him again, huh?
Look I'm tellin-- (he does a double take and looks at George) I'm telling ya, that was Joe DiMaggio.
Woah, woah, that's mine.
Well, grab a cigar, boys. Yeah. It's time to celebrate.
How many miles?
How you doing? (Kramer leaves)
George. It's the timeless art of seduction. You got to join in the dance. She sends you an enticing photo, you send her one right back.
Now this is remarkable. I'm lounging, and yet, my pants remain perfectly creased.
Yeah.
Yeah, don't worry Jerry. We're right on this guy like stink on a monkey! I'll check back with you.
No, no, no. It was Mara Conchita Alonso.
There they are.
The wire was sticking out.. (Fits the two broken pieces together) Yeah.
Well, youre still here?
That's correct.
Yeah, tell me about it, soul sister. (he opens the door to leave) Anyway, I told Jake that you said hi.
What do you mean?
You can't get a refund. Your warranty expired two years ago.
Yup, yup!
All right, let me call my bank. You stay here. (He calls)
Consolation Guy is big.
"No, no I don't find him all that bright."
Yeah, I saw Jane topless. Well, we all saw her.
It's all fresh. Fresh fish, fresh foul, fresh fruit. I buy it, I omniga nominga, I eat it.
(smiling) Oh, I got a hopper. A big hopper.
Mickey
He looks happy to me.
You got any shredded coconut?
Just gonna find out if he's interested.
Eight hours of jingle belling and ho ho hoing. Boy, I am ho'd out.
Hey. (notices Elaine) What's wrong?
Ooo, yeah.. (indicating his face, embarrassed) (Heh, right.) You know, it's gettin' kind of late, I, I really have to be going, so, uh, it's nice seeing you again, all right--
Elaine, listen, I was talking to a friend about this dog business. Do you realize this is gonna be on our permanent records? Are you aware of this?
Good, huh?
Oh stop it. (he slaps Newmans shoulder) Whats the matter with you.
That's it. What you want one George? I can get one for you. No problem. Jerry, you want one? They're delicious. My pleasure.
Is it? Look at this.
All right, [claps hands] I'm gonna go get some soup.
Oh, yeah. You know why? Because it's dinner time. And you know what you do at dinner?
Got to.
(pointing to the newspaper ad) Well, I don't really have any money. But it says right here, 'interesting trades considered'.
Alright, you know I'm supposed to go on this special tour today with George's girlfriend.
Hey.
Ive gotta feed the birds.
I dont want a carpet sweeper. They dont do anything.
Oh, yeah, yeah, you were, you were very good.
Well, I'm a poppa.
(handing Jerry & George a flyer) Good morning, gentlemen.
He didn't come with us. (Tim walks over to Jerry.)
All right, Im satisfied. We better get some gas.
I must have been out of my mind. Look at you. Why don't you do something with your life? Sit around here all day, you contribute nothing to society. You're just taking up space. How could I be with someone like you? Wouldn't respect myself.
(Picks one up, he's mesmerized) I never thought I'd live to see that..
Hey you know, my arm really hurts. I wonder if its gonna affect my golf swing.
[In Newman's ear] A piece of crap...
I dig.
Jerry. It's L.A. Nobody leaves. She's a seductress, she's a siren, she's a virgin, she's a whore.
It's a myth. Besides, it makes sex more pleasurable.
Oh I ah just came from a meeting with my lawyer.
It will be a funky adventure.
The carpet sweeper is the biggest scam perpetrated on the American public since One Hour Martinizing.
Yeah, well, uh, my Japanese friends're gonna stay with me.
Yeah, yeah, it'll kill me.
Mickey!
Oh. Delicious to meet you.
So...
Why, wh-wh-what's wrong, come on?
It was all an act, Jerry. They conned us, and they scored, big time.
(to Joel) Its gonna be hot in a minute.
George, don't give him any money for that. It'll cost you less to keep it another day, rewind it and bring it back tomorrow. Don't give him the satisfaction.
I'm just gonna heat this up. Make a little hot-tub for Little Jerry.
Excellent question.
I like that! Hey look, will you do me a favor? Will you take my quilt into the cleaners for me, so I can get the discount too?
She's sensual. You know, with the...cooking and all. (Kramer grins happily at Jerry and leaves. The phone rings. Jerry tosses the trashbag to George.)
What is this, parsley?
Rock, paper, scissors match.
You know they told me that they wanted me to walk down the block carrying this bag of groceries.
Wish?! Newman!
Well uh, I think I can just browse around on my own.
No, it's just too much.
Youre not going to wear this.
(Coughs) Hey. How's everybody? (Moves to the kitchen)
Oh, no. We're campaigning, Jerry. To rule the people, one... must walk among them.
Would you?
No. We had a deal. There are no guarantees in life.
Mary Kay uh?
Forget it.
Well, I can't go back to the public courses, now. I can't! I won't. I mean, you know what that's like? It's crowded, the grass has big brown patches in it, they don't rake the sand traps! Not to mention the caliber of people you have to play with!
(going into his apartment) Jerry, come on. Don't get upset about it. There's always next spring. Now will you excuse me for a moment. Serenity nooooooooww!
(To Jerry) So how was the big trip?
Yeah, all right.
Where's a phone?
I thought you said your mom was meeting us in the alley.
Well, I caved. I mean, I really had to use their bathroom. Frank, no offence, but this holiday is a little (makes a series of noises) out there.
(overly excited) Hey (Claps hands one time)
Am I? Or am I so sane that you just blew your mind?
Not THAT hot.
What time does that play start?
What? What?
Oh, Allison, she didn't want to come.
Ooh tattle tale
Oh...four. (to waitress) Yeah, could I have a cup o'tea? Boiling hot.
Well, he pushed my buttons, I couldn't help it, Jerry.
Okay. But if I'm going to do this, we play by my rules or we don't play at all.
If I don't have a good shower I am not myself. I feel weak and ineffectual. I'm not Kramer.
Hes in the music business.
Good question.
Come on, let's go to the beach.
I like what you've done with that.
Well, you too seem to have the same taste.
If they're real, that's Rushdie.
Listen, we went in on a CD together.
"Whooo!"
(like rainman)"Yeah! heading home."
Go ahead smell, smell
You know the police, they found another victim of the Lopper in Riverside Park. I saw the photo, and it looked a lot like you.
I'll go.
Jerry, its not for people, its for oil tankers.
Oh, I'm the real deal.
No! He jumped from the second floor. Mr. Papanickolous saw him from across the street. He's lying out there faking. See, he's trying to get back at me.
Well, this is one for the books, huh, Jerry?... Reeeally one for the books!
(debonair smile) Well, itd be our little secret.
(Outstretched arms) It's the Merv Griffin set. (Claps 7 times)
Hey.
No. No, nothing. I got no... peristalsis.
How do you know?
Yeah.
We have a bonus reality stop today. We will be hauling muffin stumps to the local repository.
Bugger!
My drain's all clogged up! (Comes out of the bathroom in a towel, covered in soap suds.)
That you Bobby?
Elaine, are you listening?! I didn't even get there! (Pauses) All right, next story..
Jerry? I have an announcement. Your grandmother is on the line.
Well, buddy, (claps) he's taking the case! Jackie Chiles is right on it! Right on it, he's all over it!
Oh, well... I decided Im not gonna do it.
(matter of fact) He had breasts.
What is going on here?
You said take 'em.
Oh, stop stalling. Come on.
(Enters with a box) Alright, that's it. Anything else?
Ahh.. I don't know who you really are, but I've seen Jerry's girlfriend, and she's not you. You're much better looking - and like, a foot taller.
(somewhat under his breath) Ya ya.
Jerry, you stand on the threshold to the magical world of sensual delights that most men dare not dream of!
Now Olive, look, I'm sorry.
This is a garbage dump. Just let me dump it.
Hey buddy, I'm borrowing all your Tupperware.
Elaine, I broke the price-gun, so I had to move to plan B.
That's better than we estimated.
That's the idea.
Right across the hall. What, you wanna go see?
No way!
All right, what is your deductible?
Wow, that is great. You should be published.
...They'll saw through bone. Uuuuuuuing yutyutyutyutn naannnaaa [makes saw noises while gesturing over Roy's chest] You'll see what's *inside* bone...
Real Boss!
Well, it's uh, it's a very popular drink
Well, I'm not gonna need this anymore. I got Olive. (Jerry throws out the spatula)
Well, you know, if you're in the Politburo, maybe.
So, you're gonna talk to your boss about it, huh?
Hi.
Me?
What's a Chow Fung?
(quietly) Um-hm.
Ill meetcha down there, well have lunch.
Feel this.
I could have given you some pointers. I know how to press those buttons buddy.
Where's the lights. Whoa!
The recipe was for four to six people; I had to multiply for a hundred and eighty-three people. I guess I got confused.
OK Quiet! Quiet! Now let me think!
"Well...He's singing at a benefit and I'm gonna be sitting at his table."
(reading) sobs
Because I wanted to look good for the party.
I'll bring back the pot.
Jerry, good manners are the glue of society.
Elaine, I'm having a millennium party, so save the date.
(laughing) I'm all ticklish. (a moth flies out of his shirt; they all look at it)
Jerry you're a minor celebrity. If you go on this thing, it could create a minor stir. Bring that girlfriend of your and I'll only charge to 60 bucks.
You know, I think you're jealous.
Well, I'm sure he'll be sharing his next one with Pam.
"Euh.. Fine , good , yeah! Just been occupying myself with some of your....hem reading material."
(Pointing at the dog) Yeah, we share the same affliction, so I'm gonna have a vet check us out.
Hey!
(Points to a page on the book) Squamous cell carcinoma.
Oh, I love the one they do right after this one! (Starts dancing)
(raising hand) She faked 'em all.
(Holding camera) Get in a little closer. I can't see the screen door. (Takes picture) Perfect.
Joey Zanfino and some of the neighborhood kids. They ambushed me with a box of 'Grade A's.
(Snaps his fingers) Anatoly! (The Russians get to work on command. To Elaine) Look, it's gonna take a few minutes.. Then, you and the gals can take a load off and watch something on Lifetime.
Oh yeah, yeah, it's me and him. I might have a whole new career on my hands, huh?
Oh, I'm putting up Frank's screen door. This beauty's got a little life in her yet.
(Flattered) Oh?
Oh, well... Come on, take some, Jerry. Grab 'em.
Well, I was just--
It's Phil's.
What are you gonna do with the leather one?
So whats going on between you and Gina?
No, no, no. I looked.
Boy I had a helluva time finding that air-conditioner. I looked everywhere. I completely forgot where I hid it. You know where it was?
That's NBC.
Now that's impossible.
Danke schoen, my little dumplings.
No. No, Elaine!
Well, don't think you've won, because you haven't! This kid is a fighter! And if you think I'm gonna let a couple of dead birds get in our way, you're crazy!
Yeah-yah.
Thats you.
Thanks, buddy.
No, no, no. There was no money.
Hey.
Maybe I will.
Henry Atkins? The postmaster general?
Ah, they gave me the heave ho. You know, I don't think that Kenny Rogers has any idea what's going on down there.
Well I knew you'd regret it for the rest of your life.
What?
Bulimic,
Poise. Poise!
You want to get outta here? Here's what we do. We leave the car here, we take the plates off, we scratch the serial number off the engine block, and we walk away.
Well, he came by to pick up his check for the banquet hall. You know I got a hundred and eighty-three responses? Oh, it's gonna be a rager.
No, it's uh, not that see,. It's about a little boy in a hospital. I was wondering if you could do something to lift his spirits.
Hey.
Youre a human being.
Yeah yeah yeah.
Yeah, well, what you need is some summertime adolescent high jinx.
Well, I can't!
You know, in the year two-thousand, we'll all be on speed-dial. You'll just have to think of a person, they'll be talking to you. It'll be like, wup (judders and puts his hands to his temples, as if receiving a call on a 'mental phone') getting a call here.
No, I got 'em in the ocean.
Use a belt.
Hi, here. I made this for your. (gives her a pasta statue)
(quietly) Jerry.
(Flirting with a female guest) Yeah, I eat the whole apple. The core, stem, seeds, everything.
Hello, boys and girls.
Well, that's peculiar. (leaves)
Shall we go?
Oh, I'm looking right at you, big daddy.
See, now you're getting the spirit of it, huh?
Yeah.
(sits beside Jerry) Well, you should smell it now. We fixed up the place.
Big mistake.
Jerry, it's vastly superior to any commercial shaving cream. The shave is close and clean, and the natural emolients keep my skin silky-smooth. Now feel my face.
Uh-oh. You're a john.
Well, I beg to differ...
How's that feel?
Yeah, well, I was gonna bring the spatula right back.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine. (beat--holds up newspaper) Hey, we made the paper. Eh? Look at this- page 2, sports section... we're all in the picture.
There you go monkey boy.
Hey, how 'bout giving me a hand? You know, bring some of this stuff upstairs.
Yeah, I'll talk to Jerry. Yeah, [Hangs up] . . . you know that was Michael and Carol. She's wondering when we're going to come over and see the baby.
And then they just ran off with the armoire, just like that.
The haunting memories of lost love. May I? (signals to Mickey) Lights? (Mickey turns down the lights and Kramer lights a cigar) Our eyes met across the crowded hat store. I, a customer, and she a coquettish haberdasher. Oh, I pursued and she withdrew, then she pursued and I withdrew, and so we danced. I burned for her, much like the burning during urination that I would experience soon afterwards.
What is this, oregano?
Ooh Mama...( walks away)
Jerry, I think Im on to something. I think I found your stuff. You know the Englishman who lives down the hall?
You gave up the voice?
Let's try a few more questions, alright? (Karen stands up.) If you were Miss America, and the U.S. was on the brink of a nuclear war, and the only way the conflict could be averted was if you agreed to sleep with the enemy's leader, what would you do?
You know, for phone numbers, addresses, keep appointments, everything.
(Singing) Goood Moorrrnninng!
Wait, wait hold on now, wait, wait *bang* (he slams his hand down on the table, startling Jerry, Elaine and George) *bang* (again) *yip* (another high pitched yelping sound) *yip* *yip* See? I told you.
Now that you mention it , a little woozy.
(yelling) DARREN!
Oh yeah.. it's all authorized, yeah.
Yeah well, he's doing fine, George.
Hi.
Mmm (smelling the lotion as he rubs it in) I'm gonna remember that if I'm ever in Florida.
I'll get a ticket! Besides, what if somebody wants to get out of here?
Can you hear yourself? Can, can, do you know what you're saying?!
Come on, if you don't see the baby now you're never gonna see it
Forty-nine cents a pound. Thats practically half than what youre paying at the supermarket. I dont know why you dont go to Joes.
I can't taste this.
(interrupting) Oh, no no no. You don't wanna do that. No no. Nobody wears it like that.
What is that Roger's Chicken? Oh get that outta here.
Yeah, we give you the dough, you smash it, you pound it, you fling it in the air. And then you get to put your sauce and you get to sprinkle your cheese, and then- you slide it into the oven.
[In Newman's ear] I *loathe* you...
Why not?
Where's the volume..(finds it) A, YAI..YA...YA..YA!!!!
Oh - Switzerland - the Von Trapp family, huh?
Jerry, come on let's go, pick up the check so we can go.
Yeah.
Let me talk to Calvin.
Mister Peterson, you gotta sell me my stories back!
Well, I don't have this kind of cash.
Yeah, so now I can peek to see if anyone is waiting to jack me with a sock full of pennies.
Yeah. Sure. Sure.
Hey, how you doin'?
(leaving) Why should anything be wrong?
Huh?
And nothing diverts his attention. Like, I'm uh, you know, I-I, like I'm sitting in there, you know. And, uh, I start banging on the table, you know, to uh, so that hell look up, you know, Like I'm sitting there you know and uh, *bang* (slams the table) You know, *bang* He wouldn't move. So then I start doing these yelping noises. Like, *yip* (high pitched yelping noises) *yip*. No reaction because the guy is so focused, you see, he can just block out anything that's going on around him. See, that's how he played baseball. He dunks like he hits.
(makes his pop sound) There you go.
CALVIN KLEIN? No, no. That's my idea. They, they stole my idea. Y' see I had the idea of a cologne that makes you smell like you just came from the beach.
...Steve. (to Jerry) Ah, you see?
Lyndon Johnson.
Yeah, well I'm walking for charity, what are you doing?
Don't talk to me George, talk to her.
Y'ello?
Its three blocks further. You can use my shopping cart..
I saw the whole thing!
What am I supposed to say?
It's definitely preposterous.
Congratulations, Mr. Puppet Master.
What? You're gonna go now? Hey, woah! I don't.. (watches his friends leave)
Mint?
Hey, that's supposed to be great.
Yeah, he was fired.
Sniffing, what do you mean sniffing?
Alright, you got something better?
Yeah,I had a tough day
Its good to have you back, Stan.
From you?
Junior Mints. Do you want one?
Well, it'll gonna mix up with the water, and then by the end of the cycle it'll be a solid block!
Hey, Jerry shaved his chest.
Yep.
I only got hundreds.
What?
So ya know, my friend and I we were going to the movies and we stopped off and bought this cafe latte.
Uh, Varnsen.
I think we lost him.
Hey! That guy owes me 240 bucks!
Newman and I are reversing the peepholes on our door. So you can see in.
Little Jerry Seinfeld. I named my chicken after you.
Oooooh ...Pops .... Wow!! Spectacular.
Well I'll tell you what I think. I think she saw you with that piece off and was devastated. You blew it boy. You really blew it. And you had to ruin it for him. Didn't you?
Hey, how about that Toby, huh?
Yeah.
Wait a second. You don't even know how to order.
yeah
Hey, remember this raincoat that you sold me?
Oh, you gotta mulch. You've got to.
Well...
What's the matter?
I'd like to talk to Jerry in private.
Oh, yeah. As long as I stop getting mail!
Yeah listen, I need my slicer back.
Yeah, Tina likes the couch.
Barry?
Well, he's still a conductor.
Oh, it be so. I'm out there, Jerry, an' I'm lllovin' every minute of it!!!
No, no, no. It was a fearless cat burglar. (pleading) Now listen, you gotta let me sleep here, huh? Y'know, I'll stay here on my side, and I'll stuff a sock in my mouth. (panicky) 'Cos I don't wanna sleep alone.
Ya.
Yeah, there's something in the air.
Uh, human. It's...human to be moved by a fragrance.
Yeah, well, that was a good one.
Oh man, if I don't get that black paint off the City's gonna go ape. I don't wanna lose my baby!
Remember when we were standing there and she mentioned it? I made a mental note of it.
Yeah well I went in there and they said Hey!
Uh, well, uh, we --
C'mon Jerry!
Yeah....
Well, you can't have this tested now. It's melting.
Hey!
Ya!
I've been drinking Caf Latte since the fifth grade and I haven't looked back.
Well, he's got a Peter Pan complex.
Hey, everything my man.
If you could you'd guzzle it by the gallon! Ovaltine! Hershey's!
(Squirming) Jerry! What?!
Uh huh, right.
Oh, Vincent is an art-house goon. I stick to the Gene rack.
It's this way.
(Obviously watching the nudist across the street) Oh, that's good. That's good. That's very, very good. Oh, it's hot in there.. (Jerry looks back at Kramer in envy) It's hot in there. So, just walk around a little bit. Don't be ashamed, don't be ashamed.. that's good, that's good.. yes, yes, yes..
All right, I'll see ya Bill. All right, I got room for two, but the only thing I have is in the non-filter section. (Jerry enters) Hey.
No. You said a mailman I know, and you're a mailman I know!
No no I'm not ready, things are starting to happen.
I don't like her.
Hey! Couch is comin.'
Well, you got wires sticking out every which way. That looks dangerous, you should call the electrician.
I don't want the keys back! No, I'm glad the way things turned out. I was clingin' to those keys, man! Like a branch on the banks of a raging river. And now I have let go. And I'm free...to go with the current. To float. (To Jerry) And I thank you.
I liked Marlene. Whats her number?
It was in my laundry.
I don't have it, I threw it out.
Yes, uh, I'm interested in the apartment.
No way my Gino did that. It's an Enzo.
From The Hoffer-Mandale Clinic in Belgium.
Yeah, Frank Costanza, he's getting me a room at his lodge. So Jerry, you know I'm really counting on you to come to this.
Well, you know, ... it was an accident.
(Fixing up his pants) Yeah.. look at this, Mickey. These pants are fallin' apart, huh?
Huckleberry.
Gimme your credit card.
Who did?
When you said that you'd agree to wear the puffy shirt on the Today show. (Takes the ridiculous puffy shirt out of the cover)
Ya.
Ahh! I'm out! No tape left!
What puddle?
Oh no, I don't think so.
You really are cooking up a little scheme here, aren't you?
It was an accident.
I'll tell ya, I think birth control should be discussed in an open forum.
Oh, yeah, yeah. I'm Cosmo Kramer. Yeah, I had an appointment to annul my living will.
"They're Plyometric.(sp?)"
I'd love to watch the operation, yeah!
Relax, Silvio.
Pffft - wrong.
Now, what are you thinkin'? (Getting upset) You think that I'm not able to wear jeans anymore? Is that what you're sayin'? Because if that's what you're sayin', Jerry, I'll go and I'll buy some jeans. (Jerry shrugs. Kramer raises his voice to a menacing tone) I swear to God I will! (Jerry's showing off a skeptical face.
His tooth marks. He bit me.
No he didnt. They were in business together it was dry wall, or somethin.
$17.50. You can't beat that.
You called me?
Oh yeah, she's fantastic....
Hey, I dont care. Im just telling you to (yelling) get rid of that stock, now!
Jerry, you wouldn't believe what it's like down there. Taxicab drivers are insane. You know, everybody is in a hurry.
(surprised) Hey, hey hey hey. Hello!
(pleased) Really?
I'VE FOUND A HAIR!!! Yes ( goes up to the video machine and inserts the tape) Hey, come here, come here ,take a look at this.
What? What are you talking about?
Its a tank of oil. Darren and I are finally going to test out my bladder system.
So THAT's how it's going to be
Yeah, I don't care for the name, either. In fact, that's one of the things that we argue about.
It's Pagliacci!
Uh, well, there's someone else.
"Oh yes, yes indeed."
I am Kramer.
If only I could say things like that around her.
What you didn't think I was really laughing?
Yeah, and your posture's a lot better. Look at you.
Yeah uh, Elaine uh, what'd he say?
"Wellhum....He th'aid I gotta cut out the SsssfKittles."
So, you up next?
(Definite) Cigars.
(at the door) Well, those aren't for New Year's. Those are my everyday balloons.
If not, I can assure you, doctor, that I can make things very unpleasant for you and your staff. If you have one.
Uh, okay now. He uh, you know, he uh, wants to get together.
Hey.
Alright, what size are you?
You are one sick mama I like it.
Oh, hey, Elaine. What, you got the munchies?
Jerry? Jerry!
Yeah, well he started it.
(Trying to avoid the issue) Oh, yeah, yeah, Okay, we're going. (To his three friends) Vamanos, muchachos!
I too am well.
Okay, okay, what is it? Come on.
Awright, my work is done here.
Yeah yeah, it's in my living room. I just gotta fill it. (points to bucket)
(to the gang) There's a clothing store downtown. They got a mannequin in there that looks exactly like Elaine.
See, showmanship. Maybe that's what my gonorrhea is missing.
for a little while
Ooo Paella
Get 'em up here. You give me twenty-five percent I-I'll take care of everything.
Yeah. Be right back. (Kramer leaves)
Duty.
What, is it for a job or something?
Look at her. This is a lonely woman looking for companionship.. ... Spinster. ... Maybe a virgin. ... Maybe she got hurt a long time ago. She was a schoolgirl. There was a boy It didn't work out. Now she needs a little tenderness. She needs a little understanding. She needs a little Kramer.
I didn't even know they were defective.
Wait till that Uma smells this Uva.
Al-righty (sits down) Have you got yourself a cold?
(To Mr. Abbott) How ya doing?
All right, I'll see you later.
Oh, boy.
No. No. No. Its for oil tankers. All I need to do is fill some sort of rubber container with oil and then drop it to see whether or not it can restrain the impact.
I see.
Yeah, the little father has run his hard out. They're gonna break his maiden.
Well, you remember I told you about the pro, you know, at the Westchester Country Club, who's letting me play a round every time I give him a couple of those Cuban cigars?
Yeah, Im getting rid of all my furniture. All of it. And Im going to build these different levels, with steps, and itll all be carpeted with a lot of pillows. You know, like ancient Egypt.
You know, George, you're not gonna find an electrician like that in the yellow pages. Now, I know just the guy who can do this.
Like we did in the sixties, takin' in to the streets.
It was about 1200 bucks.
(nervous) Yeah. I'm a little worried. When there's no work, and the people get restless, who do you think they come after? (pointing to himself, shrill) El Presidente!
Frank, you were a boy too. And it was war. It was a crazy time for everyone.
About two hours.
Look at this place. It's huge...
Hello Archie, Veronica, Mr. Weatherbee. . . . Is this Don Matingly's signature?
You should see the smiles on the drivers' faces. I mean, you gotta look quick, but they're there.
Wait, wait, wait, that's too much. Mine was more than yours.
(to George) Oh, by the way, tomorrow night, Paull O'Neill has to catch a fly ball in his hat.
(leaving) Aw.
Oh! Yeah your old college roommate huh?
You could've introduced me.
I want to talk to Calvin.
(shaking hands) Yeah.
Uh, yeah. Ah, well if they're not in the box, I'm sure they'll turn up soon. Listen, could you keep an eye on the place? I wanna go out and get some paraffin wax, and bring out the lustre of this vintage countertop.
They're trying to screw with your head.
No.
I always put you up here...
You want me to moon him? Ooh, let's moon him. Roll up your window. Let's do a pressed ham under glass.
Yeah. I know that. Uh, uh.
Hey.
It's good suspension!
uuh-
I'm sorry Newman, you were holding us back.
Yes, yes. You're like Switzerland.
No, I want to trade you screen legend Anthony Quinn's undershirt. He took this off to do sit-ups in the park and I nabbed it.
I didn't know it was possible to come out of a coma.
Suppose I told you I had fifty in mint condition, would you be interested?
Hi guys.
Well, you know, I think it's something he should consider.
The *beach*!
I'm fighting that one. You know, this is gonna cost me over six hundred bucks.
No, pool. I just swam 200 laps.
Well, I guess I just assumed.
Whew. You know Darren, if you would have told me twenty-five years ago that some day Id be standing here about to solve the worlds energy problems, I wouldve said youre crazy Now lets push this giant ball of oil out the window.
Hey What are you doing in my car? Hey!Hey!Hey! Where you going.
Alright. I'm ready. (To George) You know, I still don't understand - why do you want to move back in with your parents?
I tell you, I'm gonna go noodle with this.
No, no.
Our neighbor that you... turned against. (Jerry reacts) Anyway, I told him it'd be fine with us if he wanted to let it stretch its wings out in the hallway.
All right. I'm gonna check it out. Aiee. mucho trafico.
Well, why don't you do your material?
(Smiling) You bet we are! Huh, Smuckers? (Smuckers coughs. They turn to leave) I'll see ya.
It's macaroni Midler.
South America?
Yeah, but then I'd have to... (glances at Elaine) well, you know... into a cup in the middle of the day??
But he still needs all of our support. Now, when he gets here treat him like he's one of the gang, huh.
Well my swimming pool problems are solved. I just found myself miles and miles of open lanes.
Im gonna go down there and try and talk to her.
What's the matter with you?
(a little anxious) You know, after I have sex with Emily, uh, I don't want her in the bed any more.
It's not illegal.
Well, you gotta pick it up for me!
That's Michigan. In Michigan you get ten cents.
Okay, who wants meatloaf?
Now what is Executive?
(to Elaine) You better zip up. I couldn't get the top on the convertible up.
No, he's not going to do anything. I guarantee it.
Hey!
That he did. Now, you got that pencil with the bite marks on it? We get a trained eye to match 'em up, and we'll see whether or not you're driving Jon Voight's car!
Jerry, I know myself. If I'm out on the street and it's starts to go down, I don't back off until it's finished.
(salutes Jerry on his way out) See you later buddy.
Well, that's a little strange.
Hey, hey, hey. Look at that.
Hey!! Buddy. I thought of a great invention for driving. A periscope in a car, so you can see the traffic.
Listen to me. You don't tell anybody about this. No one. You hear me?
Well, Im taking this back.
I don't want to!
Oughh!
what is this? What have I got one pant leg on for?
He's very generous, isn't he?
Yeah, neighbor. Thats right. Yeah, why dont we take this boiler out for a shakedown huh?
(sort of falling backwords) Yowm!
What's so funny? ... wha?
Right.
Well I got a cut on my head and I banged my shoulder. (He has a large Band-aid on his forehead)
(Together) Sucker..
I found it on the road.
Naomi, come on let's get goin'.
What, youre not gonna tell me?
Hello.
Kruger? That's not Kruger Industrial Smoothing, is it?
No, no, no, I didnt.
Oh, hey.
Tryin' to save a quarter.
Hey, c'mon, c'mon, get off me!
(RE CAR) I found it!
Well, you gotta give me something! Come on, how was the wedding? Was the bride radiant?
Yeah, yeah, yeah...
OH YEAH! ALL RIGHT!
Alright we gotta get back to the show. What are you guys doing?
Oh yeah. I also got "Astounding Bear Attacks"
Look at you! You run like a girl! Run like a man! Lift your knees!
Well I'm boycotting it.
(enters apartment, points at Jerry) Hey, what are you doing later?
Yeah. There ya go. That's Beef-A-Reeno. (singing) I'm so keen-o On Beef-A-Reeno What a delicious cuisine-o Fit for a king and queen-o! Yeah. Eat up. I got thirty four more cans.
Elaine?
Yeah, well you're gonna have to cancel it, because I've told everybody about my party.
Look how dark it's gettin' already.
Hey, Frank!
No, thank you. So what are you doing?
got problems Jerry.
Because they're terrified of her. I heard from someone that when they cut one of her lines, she climbed up the rope on side of the stage and started dropping lights on peoples heads. Story like that has got to be true.
I think the chair is a fantastic gift idea. But I never heard of this Joe Mayo. And frankly, it sounds made up.
(indicates 'Gene' shelf) I've seen all these, so I went with a Kramer pick.
Well ... I like the sound it makes when you walk on it.
Aah! He's got a girl up there. This quilt is too thin...I know I'm gonna get cold. I don't even fit on this couch. Don't even know if I'm gonna sleep....
(to Jerry and George) Hey, it's Newman. (to 'mental phone') Hey, how you doing, Newman?
(playing with his hair) Talk to him.
As long as you've got your checkbook out, how about forking a little over to PBS? You watch the station, don't you? You don't want to be a freeloader.
Well, that wouldn't be kosher.
Well, I thought it was a nice gesture. But I guess I was wrong!
Oh, hey, listen, by the way - I'm hosting a little get-together tonight in honor of my little financial upturn..
Oooo, boy I've never seen these before (looking at the clothes George just sold Rudy)
Ok, yeah, you guys got to put a negative spin on everything.
Just a can. But he really liked it, though.
Oh. Well, I'll tell you, a nice greeting card can really lift a person's spirits.
You break up with her. You reverse everything that way.
Whoa, whoa!!
We just got back from breakfast. The pancakes were dynamite.
I'm afraid so. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. I've been asking around - they didn't even have any kids.
I don't know what Elaine is so upset about. I mean, without dessicates, those clothes'll be noticeably musty in five years.
Oh...yeah. I got my new plates. But they mixed them up. Somebody got mine and I got their *vanity* plates.
Oh, it broke off, baby! Woo, hoo, hoo!
Hey. This wallpaper is *very* good. My place looks like a ski lodge!
Alright, so you'll need my frequent flyer number, huh?
Hey. New jacket?
oh, what's that from?
Now listen, Jerry, I'm gonna need you to testify.
A hole in one eh.
Yeah.
The patented burp, Jerry. It locks in freshness.
Hey, you weren't home, so I signed for her.
No, I want you to see me naked.
I'll be down in a minute.
[In Newman's ear] Make us.
Yeah yeah! You see, this is exactly what they want to do to you. They play one against the other. You can't let them manipulate you like that.
What, again? You took one this morning.
Uh, see here, I.. (Pulls out a paper ring from his pocket) I saved one of the cigar rings..
My fault? Your Nana is missing because she's been passing those bum checks all over town and she finally pissed off the wrong people.
Did you offer those guys a drink?
What? Two animal acts on the same show? (turns to Jerry) What is this, amateur hour? Look, George, I'm sorry, maybe another time, all right? (drums table and exits)
How serendipitous.
Well, take you for example. Now, you're very attractive, but you got a big waist.
But why?
I mean, we had a deal, Newman. And you were supposed to give my your birthday wish. And now you've wasted it!
(annoyed that he forgot) Oh, I keep forgetting to enter that!
She's really gotten to you, hasn't she?
Neither are you.
AIDS walk! That's a cake walk. (George enters.) Hey!
Yes, yes. The quality, the texture, the intoxicating aroma. These guys don't have it.
All right, get off at the next exit.
Hey, hey, hey, listen to this. Jackie just called.
Hey, George, stick 'em up.
Because I don't like to carry my wallet. My Osteopath says that it's bad for my spine. It throws my hips off kilter. (makes a motion with his hips)
Well hello Photo store Sheila.
Where?
Oh I'll tell you how it's looking. My lawyer Jackie says if there is one coffee drinker on that jury, (in a very high voice) I'm gonna be a rich man.
Well Bob Sacamano he stayed with me once for a year and a half.
Do you think that thisll make you happy? Cause it wont!
T-t-t-t...
Commando 8 has arrived!
And laughter is the best medicine.
Oh you may stray, but you'll always return to your dark master, the cocoa bean.
They gave them all to Goodwill.
Yay!
I may be old, but I'm spry.
(playing along) Ohh, is that right? Well, I have been having a little trouble with my call-waiting.
Jerry! Jerry! Jerry! Jerry my burn is gone look.(shows Jerry the burn area).
You want these? Knee socks. You dont wear knee socks.
No, come on. (Larry the cook comes over)
Can't help ya, kid.
You raise the head, you get blood to the feet.
Is there a tree?
I got fired from the movie.
So maybe I'll go down there and watch, uh? She'll be there, ,maybe.
It's a golf club! It's no gun. He threw a golf club at me!
Limo? I thought that George went to pick him up.
C'mon here, try 'em on. (Jerry sits down and puts the boots on.)
Well, thats a weird thing to say
Okay, well what am I drinking? What do you got?
(checks the car ahead of him) Hey, that's it! That's it. Hey, uh look, we got him. We're driving right behind him in a truck.
(opening the door) Alright. I'll get that money for you in five minutes. And, don't eat any more.
[In Newman's ear] I don't like it...
Much rather take it to the head, Like I did in '79.
Oh, no no no no I'll take it. Why don't you come over. Let's see if it will fit in my bedroom.
Remember that night I found you at Dinky Donuts? You were all *hopped* up on cinnamon swirls! They wouldn't serve you anymore! You wouldn't even have any teeth if it wasn't for me taking you over to Joe's fruit stand and stuffin' cantaloupe down your throat! So much for gratitude... yeah, yeah, yeah!
Ok, yeah. All right look, I'll be out of here by noon. Maybe we'll have lunch together, huh?
My stuffed cabbage!
No, no, no. You gotta spend New Year's nineteen ninety-nine with me and Jerry.
Hey guess who's going to be the new ball man for the finals.
Come on, Jerry, this is a security issue! (Elaine laughs) Boy, you wouldn't last a DAY in the Army.
Hey.
Well, you know, I gotta be goin' now.
Just a few more squirts. Cause I gotta stay juicy.
You're not pregnant?
I just found a guy whos willing to pay ten thousand dollars for the apartment.
Who you calling big ape? (pushes Mickey back)
No. I got eight tons of change. I'm loaded.
Uh.. ah, (Looks over at Elaine, and realizes he can't tell the Van Buren Boys story) Oh, nothing - nothing.. No, I certainly don't have any stories, if that's what you're implying. (Laughs heartily)
Aw, okay. (picks up the phone and starts dialling) Yeah, I need his shoeshine kit. (still dialling) He always hides it from me. (puts the phone to his ear and waits for a second or two) Yeah, Bally's? Yeah, Jerry Seinfeld's room, please.
(grabbing the key) You just had to go lookin' for it, didn't you? See, you hate it that I have a little secret. Anything I do -- oooh, oooh! -- you gotta know all about it. You're so OBSESSED with me.
"I'm a guest of honor."
Ah, I'm glad you're here.
You don't pay five cents, you get five cents back. Here, read the label here. (reads from bottle) Vermont, Connecticut, Massachusetts, New York. Refund, (brings bottle up close to Newman's eyes) vrrup, five cents.
Oh. (Waiter approaches table)
Uh, no.
I walked right by her - bffffft - never said a word.
Clear blue sky!
What about him, he's part of it. His whole personality is a disguise. No real person can act the way he does. Elaine, I'm telling you they're with the organization. They're all part of it. He's in there with Helms and Hunt and Liddy, that whole crowd. George and Jerry, they probably know who killed Kennedy!
Yeah!
[In Newman's ear] You emit a foul and unpleasant odour...
Here you go. Snap, crackle and pop.
Well, yeah.
You know he talked about Pinkus on the course?
Hey, I know what we can do. I've got a friend who works over at the police station. He's a composite artist.
Yeah. What dog?
But you *will* use... a retractor.
Really?
Yeah, well, I told you to go in on it.
Yeah.
Wha two thousand? Three thousand?
Yeah, Well, it comes down if Little Jerry Seinfeld wins the cockfight.
No, not these. These were real hooters.
Jerry, you really think that Pam would want you to be the father of her children?
All right, here we go, Death Blow. (Brody takes out video camera)
Its beautiful.
George?
Uh, Kramer.
Hey Jerry. What is this? Lady Gillette? What's going on?
(to woman next to him) Pemmican turkey? Come on take a bite...well more for me.
Ah, you know how in planes they got first class? More leg room, better ride? Well, I'm bringing that concept to mile one-fourteen.
You know I'm in that movie?
The way I remember it, Cain, he was a successful doctor, but when he took this special formula, he became Mr. Able.
(looks inside the car and gasps) Ohhh Sweet Maria. Hey! lets go.
Alright what's gotten into you, what's happened?!?
Oh yeah (quietly)
You know I heard her screaming from my apartment? She woke me up a few times.
I'm not joking. She looks like Lyndon Johnson.
Hey.
(to Newman) Aw, that's right, we forgot about those.
Shell-shocked?
(from inside) OK!
I tell you.
Equivalency.
Well, that makes sense. (Offers plate to Elaine) Want some chicken?
Hey.
y'did.........phfwelll. Look.. hum..... Can you take me over there?
Oh! yeah.
You know my friend, Bob Sacamano?
Oh, memory burn.
Ho ho ho Well come on little Princess, tell Santa what you want. Don't be shy.
You didn't get the blood from me.
Well, tell it to the judge, honey. I'm going for a ride.
She told me. She said shes never had a man stir up all of these feelings inside of her. Shes questioning her faith. Shes thinking of leaving the church.
Yeah, youre the punk Im looking for!
Well, Marcelino, he has cockfights in the back of his store.
So, you'd like me to teach how to dance?
Hey.
(indicating) The door's on a diagonal.
They've got everything there, Jerry. I underlined the best parts.
When does it start?
I don't know. But now they got a chart on me.
Oh, congratulations.
(pulling a liquor bottle from his jacket pocket) Well, I guess it started about twenty years ago when I got back from Viet Nam, and this was the only friend I had left.
You killed.
Do you have a woman?
OK come on, let?s go get the tickets.
Did you call Jack Klompus yet?
Oh yeah, last time I saw her she was, five years ago.
Yeah, well, I could do it. I dont wanna do it.
Yeah, so we thought if you had any of those big, y'know, old-fashioned useless records, y'know, just... lyin' around--
You didn't hear?
Now look here, see it's right here Gloria Vanderbilt Collection.
You can smell me without the drink.
[Yeah] (through the door)
OK, OK-
No, it didn't say anything.
Your old flame. Gail Cunningham.
Well, maybe your father would be interested in that.
Genderson's.
Uh, yes, most likely, yes. I'm, uh, H.E. Pennypacker. I'm a wealthy industrialist and philanthropist and, uh, a bicyclist. And, um, yes, I'm looking for a place where I can settle down with my, uh, peculiar habits, and, uh, the women that I frequent with. (sniffing wall) Mmm. Mombassa, hmm?
So these people can go back home and tell their friends they saw a real New York mugging. It'll give them a thrill.
No, there it is, right there-- 133... and it's canceled.
No, I really think you're wrong. We just went to the fireworks the other day.
Okay, ... gidg gi gt (backs up and bends his knees, holding the rolled magazine - arm back, ready for a rumble)
(rising and putting his arm around Audrey's shoulder) Well, I'll check you guys out later. (To Audrey) Ready?
Yeah. (beat) And, it was a big one.
Yo
Yeah, yeah. Well, you know, there are many differences between American and Soviet cultures that you're not aware of. See, in Russian, the cable guy, they got the whole run of the house. Yeah, that's tradition. (Turns back to the woman) Did you ever eat the bark of a pineapple?
I don't believe this.
Chunnel's on HBO tonight. Why don't you stop by?
Well, so, look, the cleaner said you could pick it up tonight at six.
Hey.
Well, just one more errand and we can head back.
Yaya
What? (Kramer checks it out.) My face is all craggly, it's crinkly.
Look, I know what's going on. The oink, oink.
Well, yeah. Okay. Ill take it. I like the jacket.
He's got money. Why doesn't he just pay a mover?
Oh, well, um, Newman thinks that you, uh, evicted him?
Hi
No, I swear.
I can't work with these!
Hmm-mmm.
Yeah, the chip-in, defenitely!
Yeah. Listen, could you mail those to me? Or bring them by my building, it's 129 West 81st St.
Jeannie left?
Steinbrenner! He's ruinin' my life...
"Hey!"
Well, why?
You gotta play him like me. I'm Kramer.
(to Mickey) I told you, you should offer him some cigarettes.
Thats okay. He doesnt care.
All right. I'll get pea pods and you can't have any of my pea pods.
Yo-yo Ma!
Hey, did that guy show up?
(Imitating a Turkish terrorist) You! Take off your socks, your pants, your underwear. We're doing the wash. C'mon! Take it off, take it off!
Oh, don't worry. I'm gonna show you, and you'll never be the same.
Hey. I uh, brought back your record player, huh.
I don't know.
Uuh, long long time. Yes, I've seen moles so big they have their own moles. Freckles that cover two men.
Ah, Yeah Yeah, I have a - I have a question, um -- What do you know about inter-abdominal retractors?
Oh, the stub, yeah. I left it in my, my pants
[In Newman's ear] He's gyppin' us...
(leafing through Jerry's mail) Oh, who sent you a card?
(taking notes on showering men at the YMCA) Now see, that's smart. Constant motion. Wow.
Hey. Right, I talked to this lawyer guy, Shellbach. Now, he's gonna set me up, but you gotta come with me and be the executor.
Yeah, Cupids Rifle -- 830, Sony Lincoln Square. Yeah, no, no, no, no problem, yeah.
Hey you!
Oh, hey,
Oh, boy.
Hey. Well, bad news, boys. My life is over. My girlfriend's movin' away.
We'll see you Dwayne.
Yeah, a real brouhaha...
Done!
Oh, yeah, and I use it all the time. Yeah, I made this whole meal in there.
And with Darrens help, well get that chicken.
(pleading) Aww, c'mon, man. Meet me halfway.
Well you know, if it's enough already and I just wanna get some sleep.
Hey, Jerry! How are ya? I thought you were going to the movies.
(grabs the ticket back and holds it up to the light) It must have been the botanical extracts.
Yeah, yeah. I got investors all lined up.
I take baths.
(seeing Jerry is with people) Oh.
You got a blender.
Mmm, delicious. This is delicious. Mmm.
Well, that's weird.
Yes, because they've already deducted it.
Yeah, listen, uh, Elaine, I've changed my mind about the whole coma thing. (positive) Yeah, I decided I'm up for it.
Is this a joke?
Hey! Who do you think you're talking to.
Spleenectomy.
Yeah, there she is. That's my gal.
No. (To George) But I did run into somebody you might be interested in, a Mr. Jon Voight, the actor?
Okay listen to me. I talked to Gino, he's going to fix the haircut.
Newman, he knows a guy in the Hong Kong post office..
You're just out for sex!!
(Reassuring) Hey, this look's better than anything you own. You know, in two months time, everybody's gonna be wearing the (imitates a pirate) pirate look!
...Well, actually uh, we're uh, we're not friends Uh, we're uh, we're much more than friends...
(waving wing) Hey buddy.
Oh no, no,. no. I had to fish around in the evidence room for it. You know, they're all preoccupied, trying to hunt down this new psycho-serial killer, the Lopper. All right, I'll see ya.
Oh, look at this one by the bus stop. Jerry, come here. Take a look at this.
(on the phone in the shower) Lomez, you're not listenin'. Jerry likes the naked, just some of the things she does when she's naked. Calm down, I'm on your side. Geez. Hey, hold on a second. I got a clog, I'll call ya back.
He begged me.
(pointing) That's her, officer.
I say we get him.
Alright, so you're gonna look after it?
No. (George leaves for the tomatoes)
Well I don't know . I was in the bathroom , the kitchen...
Uh, Dwayne.
On Prancer on Dasher, on Donna.
Well? Did he call?
You know, Clyde, he plays backup with John Germaine.
Evidently. (To Elaine) Oh, by the way, tell Brett that his chest of drawers are a big hit. My guests are very comfortable in them.
Yeah, well Lloyd, he's gonna be here any minute now.
I haven't had a decent sandwich in 13 years.
Jerry Im so glad we switched apartments. It was a perfect solution.
" Hmm! Oh! Yeah. I'll tell you who is an attractive man; Gorge Will."
Ah, well, it's a business transaction.
(in the shower, on the phone with Jerry) So you broke up?
Oh yeah yeah yeah. Orthodox, Jerry. Old school.
Hmm. Well, I haven't had any trouble.
Yeah (to buzzer)
Well, he started it!
Yeah.
I'm goin' to Newman's!
Ka shha shha shha Pkooo (exploding sound)
Not necessarily.
Yeah, well I didn't realize that was such a sensitive issue.
Well, let me tell you something. I'm taking this kid to the top. To the top, Jerry! We're going for the crown, and you can't stop her!
Hey, you know who owns that car?
George, they closed up.
Me and Lola....
Oh, I need some water. Ice it up nice and hard ... and when you throw it - Pop! Oh look, (FDR is at the cash register, pays and leaves Monks) there's my friend, FDR. I'm gonna nail him in the back of the head. It's gonna be great! (Rushes out of Monks to peg his friend with the snowball)
What?
Well, what about sneakers? You know, they'll clean 'em. They do complete detailing.
So, so.
I'll tell you how much I make.
Well, now look, just leave me alone.
Oh, no no no...no more banks. I'm keeping my blood in my freezer with...my money!
He almost beat me.
Well, he's got a mole on his shoulder. Very suspicious.
Well, I gave her the wheelchair! You should have seen the look on her face. And then she told me, that the old wheelchair, that wasn't any good anyway! So you see George, the whole incident was a God blessing! Yeah!
Yeah.
There you are.
Yeah.
Oh. Oh, George.
Alright.
No chance in hell!
Oh, God.
Yeah, I know the guy. I take my stuff in there all the time. Yeah, I bet I can get your watch back by tomorrow morning.
Yes.
It's like a sauna in here, huh? I feel like I'm...back at the desert.
-ca.
Well you parked it on eighty-fourth and Columbus, right?
Jerry, you don't understand, that?s the way they talk in Italy, they sing to one another. Kramer starts to sing in bad Italian.
Oh! There's my phone. (He leaves)
And they made it their sign, because, Van Buren, our 8th President, was the man they most admired.
Watch it good.
Yeah. Star Kist, Jerry. Most tuna don't make their cut.
Yeah, but you gotta order it two days in advance. (To Jerry) You know, I'm gonna call him, I'm gonna order the duck for you.
It's all a bunch of cheapskates in there anyway. People sitting around reading the newspaper attached to huge wooden sticks Trying to save a quarter, ooh,
Uh. Well, I'm sick o' waiting. (pulls out his pocket-watch (it has a chain, too)) I am springin' ahead riiight now.
10-4.
Well, just tell me everything, huh?
Hey Jerry, you ever wear silk underwear?
It's hot in here. Hey, Bobby, can I have some of your juice?
So...how was the dinner last night?
That guy.. He was just...
Mmm-hmm... (turns and walks away, makes a face, raises his eyebrows, nodding his head, then turns back to the group.)
I went down to Madeline's. I told her, "You gotta move, or it's over."
Well, Elaine Benes! Well, it's great to have you! (Elaine sits down) Boy, is it possible that youre even more beautiful than the last time I saw you?
Oh yeah!!
I can't get my pants off, and Mickey's audition is in twenty minutes! You know, I'm supposed to be a business man, I gotta be in costume!
I have no concentration!
(going after Toby) Toby! Toby!
So, you're still master of your domain.
You're a portly fellow, a bit long in the waistband. So what's your pleasure? Is it the salty snacks you crave? No no no no no, yours is a sweet tooth.
Jerry, we got 'im. I'm riding his tail. There's no escape. He's running scared, buddy.
(seeing Elaine come into Jerry's apartment) Ten minutes? That's kooky talk. Hey Elaine, how long do you spend in the shower?
(Like a teacher) The Andrea Doria collided with the Stockholm in dense fog 21 miles off the coast of Nantucket. (Makes a clicking sound with his tongue)
Yeah. It feels like we're stealing it.
Alright, we'll take the subway.
You know the way you smell when you first come home from the beach? Well, I want to make a cologne that captures the essence of that smell. Oh yeah.
Woah, woah, woah. What-what did you just say?
Yeah.
What's this?
Helena, you're wrong, you know I'm not that sensitive at all.
City or highway?
Well, I have to say this seems capricious and arbitrary.
Is it over four hundred?
All it takes is one pair! Now, come on! J--
And she doesn't know anything, about this?
Hey, smell my arm... Smell it!
Oh, Jerry, what are you waiting for?
Joey, there you are. Hey
All right, All right. Lets get down here. You really want to get out of this thing ?
Uh huh.
Yeah, see? I knew you would lose 'em. That's why I took 'em out of your dresser drawer and put 'em in my strongbox.
(mumbling with full mouth) No, Im good.
Joe DiMaggio, you know this time I went in and sat down across from him and I really watched him. I studied, his every move. For example, he dunks.
South America?
(low tone)Yeahhehehehe
Hey. Oh, did I frighten you? I'm not crazy. I mean, I may look weird, but I'm just like you, I'm just a regular guy just trying to make it in this business. You know I really like your work, the, uh...
I mean, how could you two keep this a secret from me?
What?
Yeah! Well, are you going out?
Right on the mouth.
Give me it..( tries to pull them off George's head)
(putting on jacket) Oh, well a lot of the stars from the 70's - they were not as hygienic as they appeared on TV. You take Mannix for example.
What is this, huh?
I thought you were trying to get rid of her?
Well, why dont you take your clothes off?
Yallo. What delay industries?
...Yeah I like Cadillacs (cautiously) Why ? What you got on your mind?
Ah, no, no, no. I-I couldn't impose.
Hey.
No, no. You're stoked. The camera loves stokedness. Look were not going to do anything that makes you feel uncomfortable. The key word is tasteful. Now I want you to relax and have fun because your a fun guy. All right let's do it. Okay come on. Feel the beat. Feel the beat. You know you got some real strong pecks but it's hard to tell under that T-shirt.
(ignoring Jerry) No no no. Im talking about a whole chain of em. Yeah.
Yeah! (Kramer takes a huge imaginary swing)
(on the phone in Jerry's apartment) So when are you gonna be able to go out?
O'Brien. Why would he want to be called O'Brien?
All right, I've got to hose the puke off the floor of the bus.
Well, well get to know each other. We never get to spend any time together. Oh sure we have our little group here, but ... (he looks and gestures out towards George and Jerry, as Elaine walks back into the bedroom to change out of the dress -- Kramer scratches his head in sort of disbelief)
"I'm going to try and find some candy. You want some?"
Yeah. This looks right. All right. Give me the dog. Okay, boy. This is it. This is your new home. Let go of my shirt. Come on. Let go of my shirt. This shirt is from Rudy's.
(Looks up) I'm salvaging the sauce. What's the matter with you? (Eats the bread)
So What scene are you ready to shoot now , Elaine?
He said, 'Who's the moron in the blue jacket who's got the street all screwed up?'
Yeah, I bought a chicken.
All right. I'll tell you what. If it's going to make you feel any better you can see me naked.
Okay, what do you got?
Technically Norfok has more gross tonnage.
No, I got dibs!
Fungi.
Look at you.
Yes, I'm free. (singing) 'cause the murderer struck again!
Well, night's tougher but it's only a couple of hours.
Well it's 555-3455.
Uh--ah--ah! You broke his thumbs.
Four hours in this chop and I'm a full inch taller. . . . Giddyup.
What?!
All right, thanks. (Kramer leaves)
You buy enough meat, they'll give you anything.
Oh! And get some plantains. (grabs the list to write them down)
Who, Damien? Nothing, just a mischievous, rambunctious kid.
All right, listen. I need some cash.
Do you have any prospects?
you know I think you are in love with him
So my mother's going out with this guy who leaves a jacket in her house so, you know, she gives it to me. Well, two years later he shows up and he takes it back. And now he's in prison. He got arrested for mail fraud. So Elaine, all you have to do is go over to the apartment, tell the landlord that you're his daughter and you want to bring him the jacket in prison.
(Holding the rabbit ears) Look, will you at least let me bring the guy over? He's an amazing man. He's a Russian immigrant. He escaped the Gulag. He's like the Sakharov of cable guys.. He'll slow down your gas meter. He sells slugs, Jerry. Slugs for the subway.
Ashtrays?
You see the beauty of my book is, if you don't have a coffee table, it turns into a coffee table.
Oowe (Kramer noise -- hes eating something)
(explaining) Oh yeah, I put all your zees on the weights and measures page.
Well, that is strange.
Hey, how are you doing? Jerry! George!
No, no, I didn't say you could keep it. You see I don't give away tupperware.
Yeah, I made a map of my shortcuts. I'm gonna rock their world!
Did you tell him the Packyderm story?
Well, its all taken care of. Everythings cool.
(frustrated) Damn. I don't understand this. I've ditched every bottle and can, and we still can't gain. It's like we're...
A kidney stone.
That's caged heat.
Oh, I'm there, Monongahela!
Well, that's it! She's out of the pageant!
Do you have any conceivable reason for even getting up in the morning?
Would you be interested?
Cubed.
Hey.
ah! Here we go.
He spit on us.... and I screamed out, "I'm hit!"
Well, can you call him an ambulance?
"Well.. Aye can't hold the water."
Are you kidding me?
You're positive it's statute?
A billiard room.
Yeah, 5.35 an hour. And that's what they're paying now.
Oh yeah baby. spit, spit. What are these?"Perducto de Peru"Jerry, if you think these are Cubans you have another thing coming.
Would you like a refund?
Alright, we'll talk about this a little later. Are you an actor?
Ah, (smacks hands) there you are. My date stood me up. Listen, will you guys go to the operation with me?
That?s the way it was, you know. You listen to the language, its got that sing songy quality. It?s the language Jerry, the language
Uh-oh. Oh, gee, Frank, I'm sorry. I gotta go. I have to work a double shift at H&H.
But I did sit in mud.
No. (To manager of H&H) Ah, listen, Harry, I need the 23rd off.
Unbelievable.
They try to push you into using their cleaning crew, with all their so-called maintenance equipment.
Listen, I'm gonna get a hot dog at Payapa King.
Oh You are so freaking talented.
Ah!! I found a quarter. Anybody want there clothes heated up?
Well, I, uh, I like to think of this as my conference room. Yeah, it has a more formal atmosphere, you know, with the shelves, and the furniture.
Now what's with you?
Yeah. A friend of mine, hes a magician. Hes going away on vacation. He asked me to take care of his doves.
Oh yea, I like this idea. (sounding very much like Jerry)
Seventy -five bucks a month!
Hey! Jerry!
Woah, Nelson!
Yeah. There's an article in there about that writer.
Now you're not going to lie to me, are you?
Completely naked.
Oh I got the ball.
ahh.....!!
(unbelieving) I can have this?!
Simple. You let out one emotion, all the rest will come with it. It's like Endora's box.
Yah, yah! You see in Little Jerry Seinfeld the unlimited future you once had. Now, just because Jerry Seinfeld is a has-been, don't make Little Jerry Seinfeld a never-was!
Jerry, I need another massage!
(pushing Jerry towards the phone) Yeah! Get in there and give her a call. Pick up the phone and call her!
...I didn't say that, no.
Uh, yes. Yeah.
Ya-hoo! Ya-hoo! (Rick is silent) Whew! Well, I think we stopped.
(Answering phone) Yeah, Go! Wha.. really? Yeah, ok. Yeah! Bye. (Hangs up) Great news! Yeah, the strike has been settled. I'm going back to work.
Yeah that's it. All right, I'm going to go down to the precinct. I'm going to have lunch with Lou.
Oh, no.
That's right, I think that had marvellous production values.
Oh ya, I think they are starting to loosen up a bit. (Mrs. Anvino come to Jerry's threshold) Oh hi Mrs. Anvino.
Really?
Yeah. That's Rusty.
(indicating the cereal) Hey, Jerry, if you're gonna be snacking on these, you can't expect me to pay for the whole box.
Nope. No good.
I'm off hot water.
Well, it's not a beauty contest. It's just a way for people to get to know one another.
(In the spotlight, his voice goes high) Well, I make it up to him in other ways.
It was there!
Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I need my massages! Can't you see I'm burned out!
I'm so tired!
Man, Ughhhh, wwwheh. I just came from Roy's. I threw up from the gas.
Nothin'
Oh, understudies are a very shifty bunch. The substitute teachers of the theater world.
Well, I need you to help me move my refrigerator.
He is just setting the record straight.
O'Brien.
We'll take it!
Because I don't have a table.
Boy, I have really had it with Newman. He wakes me up again last night at three o'clock in the morning to tell me he's going up onto the roof to kill himself.
No. They put the top on.
Come on up. It's Brody.
No, lets go to the couch...
(Explaining) To pull the rickshaw.
You know what I did? I snubbed her.
Second floor from the top. (Pointing) See the window on the left?
Thanks a lot, uh here's Jerry.
Flea bites?
Look, it's personalized. (Holds it up, reading) "The Costanzas"
(backing off) OK.
Hey. (snuggling really close to George) I'm going to tell you what I think. I know you don't care what I think, but I'm going to tell you. I think that you are terrific.
Yeah.
Who's Gennice?
What, they don't like me?
Well he could have dropped acid when you weren't looking.
It's just...it's no picnic.
Sister Roberta.
All right, c'mon, let's go again.
Uh-huh.
You remember what they did to me ten years ago? "Oh, we'll be there in the morning between nine and one", or "We'll be there between two and six"! (quiet anger) And I sat there, hour after hour, without so much as a phone call. Finally, they show up, no apology, tracking mud all over my nice clean floors. (malice) Now, they want me to accommodate them. Well, looks like the shoe's on the other foot, doesn't it?
Yeah, so?
(sighs, opens door) Come on in. Did you do this? (Mike has two hand casts on)
Oh yeah, and vice versa. Mother Nature's a mad scientist, Jerry.
I just kissed Gail Cunningham. (Jerry turns and looks at Kramer, shocked. Elaine grins and heads to the bathroom.)
Oh boy. Woop...
Need some more matches.
How does it look on your side? [Pause while George just stares at him] We'll get there...
Yeahh. I owe you one.
Hey Bania, what's happening? (Kramer, looking into the mirror, is putting moisturizer under his eyes)
You want a picture like that on a Christmas card? I can do that for you. ...
(shocked) How can you not have insurance?
Yes, yes I am.
Nothing doing. Jerry, I didn't do anything. It's the monkey that should be apologizing to me.
I'd like to have shoehorn hands.
Now, where's that tool shed of yours?
(Keamer's voice starts slurring again) "Yeah! My lips swollen?"
You know, you should make yourself throw up.
That's weird.
Yeah, well, Joe Pepitone or not, I own the inside of that plate. So I throw one, you know, inside, you know, a little chin music, put him right on his pants. Cause I gotta intimidate when I'm on the mound. Well the next pitch, he's right back in the same place. So, I had to plunk him.
Jerry, look, come on, I'm an invited guest. I can't be aiding and abetting some...party-crasher.
Ya, Mickey. He hooked me up. We're stand-ins for the actors on 'All My Children.' Mickey, he's a stand-in for an eight year old kid and I stand in for the kids father.
(trying to get away) woah
Yeah, right, right, yeah, yeah, that was a Shemp, right?
Hey.
Listen, when I give you the signal, I want you to turn this water on full blast.
(pulling out his timepiece) Oh yes. Uh.. it's aaalmost six.
What?
Well. I've encouraged her to go back into the Army...(Noreen sighs a little) There she'll get the structure an' the discipline she needs right now... And she'll have qualified officers telling her what to do...
Yeah, yeah, so she sees me and she goes, (imitates Gail) "Oh, hi! Kramer!" You know? Like nothing happened! Like she never you know went three dates with you and refused to kiss you goodnight.
All right, now here's the scoop, Jockey. I, uh, I came in here last January to talk to one of your ffflunkies..
No, I jumped on the bus. I told the driver, "I got a toe here, buddy - step on it."
Hey.
You've been married three times.
Elaine, he was sniffing like crazy around me.
I just assume not sit next to you.
You know Jerry, she sounds like a poet!
What, Gina? Why wait? Why not just call Doctor Kavorkian?
(chanting) yodel lay hee hoo
Said I'm not good looking enough for her. Not good looking! Jerry, look at me, look at my face, huh, am I beautiful? George, am I beautiful?
Oh help me man, I'm desperate!
Well, it's a perfectly legitimate business.
I expect you both to be there.
Hey.
What's the matter with you? I just wanted to see how tall she was.
"You want me to sleep with you?"
Well, a bowl of muligatawny would hit the spot.
All right, look. I'm going to be honest. I'm very interested in the van.
(Confused) No, Mickey and I, we can't work it out. You know, I'm thinking of asking that Karen out by myself.
Nothin'
Yeah, you uh, really missed a show, buddy. Wooh, ba-boom, ba-boom-ba-ba-ba-boom-ba.
Hey! Jon Voight! Jon Voight! (Voight waves at Kramer and hurriedly gets in the cab. Kramer runs over to the car.) Hey, listen, can I ask you something? Listen, listen...(Leans in the the open back window of the cab. Defensively, Voight grabs Kramer's arm and bites it. Kramer screams. The cab speeds off leaving Kramer in the street, stunned.)
Thats definitely you.
Well, the pleasure's all mine.
No buts. His apartment tonight, Eight o'clock.
It's Halloween (not sure)
You're wasting your life.
I tell you how much I make.
There's no water pressure.
Well that's not how she remembers it.
O.K., like what? No, tell me! Do you have a job?
Yeah. I don't know if I can handle one of these long-distance relationships.
I wouldnt set foot in your house.
This is important stuff! She's got to be able to answer these questions. She's not going to have time to think, out there, with millions of people watching her. Any hesitation could cost her the crown. You know, poise counts.
Oh mama.
Well, how did this happen?
He says "I don't want to sleep alone." She says, oh boy, "love to."
Pay dirt! (holding up the hand full of gloves. He looks behind himself as the door closes)
Jerry let me ask you something, hi Elaine... (pats her on the shoulder twice.)
(Pleading) I was all dirty!
Well you're not exactly zeroing in yourself, lady.
(emphatic) You're not crazy. Jerry does wear glasses. He just forgot 'em, that's all. (puts an arm round Lloyd's shoulder) Not crazy.
Hey. Look at this. I'm in the passing lane of the Arthur Berkhardt expressway, going seventy and (makes impact sound - pckergh!) Dragged this thing for five exits.
Yeah!!
So, you're sleeping with Silvio's wife?
Vaguely.
Never said anything about the banking.
You just blew my mind.
That's it. Now, gimme your wallet. Got it in here, huh, fat boy!
What about her?
Just a little burning during urination.
Not only that but at the hotel they opened up this area on the beach for nude bathing and all of the Sports Illustrated models went down there.
Almond. Yeah. Make the lips fuller. Poutier.
You know, I always wanted to drive the big rigs. I used to watch those commercials during the reruns of Gomer Pyle.
Hey.
(To George) Really? Let me see your hands.
Well, I got caught up... watching a soap opera. The Bold And The Beautiful.
These are my friends Jerry and Elaine.
(still outside) Helowwwowwow (Estelle opens the door) Hey (kisses Estelle hello) Ha ha, Good evening (George waves)
(quietly and staring across the street) Kenny .... Kenny ....... Kenny
All the time?
That's right
Well, I gotta have a central nervous system.
(Motions with his head) Yeah, get over.
Hey, I ain't goin' to no Bellevue! Look at me, I'm fallin' apart here.
Good for you! What kind of a sick lowlife would do a thing like that? You know those people, you know they're mentally disturbed. (Pointing a finger at Jerry)
Well, here's your *albums* [Journey "Escape" is on top, BTW...]
Oh yeah, I'm very sensitive about that. I mean, when someone's birthday comes up, I keep my ears open. So what'd you get her?
"So what's wrong with that?
Hey, hey, hey. I'm getting a vibe here. What, are you unhappy with our arrangement?
Hewwo and welcome to Movie phone. If you know the name of the movie you'd like to see, press one.
Yeah, I'm just here to do my part. What's your name darling?
I stink! I can't play! The ball is just sitting there, Jerry, and I can't hit it! I only hit one really good ball that went way out there!
Alright, look, we're pulling too much weight. He's getting away from us here. (indicating) Take the wheel.
(leaves, upset) Waaa-aa--aa! I'm sorry--
(Trying to break up the fight) Uh.. Excuse me..
Hey see He said hed loan you the money.
(frustrated shout) Oh come on!!
And you're going to go out with her.
Ohh, that's toxic. (Jerry throws the towel over Kramer's head.) Ououou....
Oh yeah. Exercises every muscle in the body. It's great for the back.
Boy, a month in Europe with Elaine. (whistles) That guy's coming home in a body bag.
Yeah, we're heading up to Westchester - gonna hit the links.
He only works three hours a day. He makes a fortune. Course he's been doing that for years, right Jerry?
Uh, Swiss.
Ooh, I like that.
Heh.
Sue her?
Yeah. (Exits)
(nervous) I gotta find Elaine. Y'know, she's gonna pull my plug.
Oh I can be quite litigious.
I know what this is about Father. I didnt do anything. I just spoke to her innocently for just a few minutes. Its just that, that I have this power.
It's the perfect cover for a money laundering operation . No one can keep track of all those kids with the little orange boxes of change.
Yeah.
There's a big dinner Tuesday night at Frank's house - everyone's invited.
Y'hello.
(Singing) Oh myyyy papayaaaa. (The air conditioner wobbles) The air conditioner! (Kramer tries to keep it from falling by holding it's cord, but it snaps) I think it got the dog!
Yeah, I snuck a peak.
Well, wow.
Oh yeah, and they're just as mean as he was! So, I make a move to the door, you know, (makes a noise) they block it! So, I lunged for the bathroom. (demonstrates) I grab the knob - Occupado! Then they back me up agains the cartoon map of Italy, and all of the sudden, they just stop.
Arrest?
Yeah. That was my suggestion. It's sort of a catchall.
Well, I met him on the course a couple of years ago. Yeah. Played with him a lot. But today was it! We're on the fifteenth hole, ya, he's beating me by a couple of strokes. Then, he's about to hit his second shot, when, he picks up the ball and CLEANS it.
Yeah--
Look at this, look at the hair on the back of my neck. It's all bramble, see it's like thicket back there. Look, I need somebody to shave it for me, huh?
Mama!
Really? 25% off? Do I get that, too?
Man! I never thought you were capable of this!
what about?
Okay, how much?
But I finally realized what's missing, in my life. Structure. An' at Brand/Leland, I'm gettin' things done. An' I love the people I'm workin' with.
Okay uh, yeah. I'll have a uh, you have a decaf cappuccino?
Look, just meet with him. ?????.
Quo? Thats not a word.
So, so what do you want me to do?
Ya, so I penalized him a stroke.
Well, you know, I'm packing for Puerto Rico, I need to borrow your bathing suit.
Hey.
Well, I'm staining my floors, y'know, I don't want to get my hands dirty...
Alright, how often do we do it?
What about the baby?
Over three hundred?
Well, you know... I, uh... have many relationships.
This slicer is indomitable.
Hey, that's how I maintain my glow.
You should be thanking me for liberating you from your world of loneliness and isolation. Now, you're part of a family.
Oh, hey.
Awe check it out.
Yeah. Move along, Betty.
Well! I am happy to say that the little guy is back in place at the end of the line.
Yeah, wait here. Come on, sit down. What's the matter with you?
...Ah, ye... (listens) Well, no... Uh, yeah, that's possible...
You know you're infringing on my right to celebrate new holidays..
HELLO!
No, I slipped - and fell in the mud. Ruining the very pants I was about to return.
(Trying to open a back of chips) Jerry, the anger, it just melts right off. Serenity now. Look at this. Serenity now!
Oh. Hello.
Well , that's what led to Billy Mumphrey's downfall.
I think I gotta go to the doctor! (exits) Oh, mama!
Hey, can I use your place? I got a bunch of friends coming over this weekend.
(looking at watch) Ssssh--ah! They just closed!
Hey.
All right, all right.
I don't know where the tops are.
Whoa, man!
One hundred percent Cotton Dockers. If theyre not Dockers, theyre just pants
Yeah, I'm going to poke around...
Oh, mama...
Well, that wasn't so bad, huh?
(Taking his offer seriously) No, we've already eaten.
But this'll get you around?
I dont want the levels!
Oh, yeah? So what am I supposed to do, be more like you? All sealed up in here, emotionally unavailable, paying scrubwomen for sexual favors! No! Jerry, I won't be like you! Never! I'll never be like you!
Oh, well. I, uh, thought we made a deal for Quinn's t-shirt.
Look what I got for you, for your Florida trip. Crazy Shirts was closing 'em out. I got a dozen for a buck.
Well, what're you gonna do with all that money?
No problem there.
Let me tell it ..
Patience.
Oooow! He's biting me!
(Pointing at the cigar, incredibly nervous) Yeah, yeah. That- that's, uh, okay, So, uh, I'd like to buy a couple of boxes of those from you, yeah?
Lloyd Braun can do anything he puts his mind to. He's fine, Jerry. (to Elaine) And you should say hello to him, Elaine.
(removing his coat) Yeah, well, it's the latest offering from the Alex Theatre.
Yeah! Then after the ambulance left, I found the toe! So I put it in a Cracker Jack box, filled it with ice, and took off for the hospital.
Yeah.
Alright, fine fine, I'll do it.
I'll take it. No, I'll take it. What is it?
Oh, he'll have to kill me. (leaves.)
All right, Ill take it back. Im going by there.
Yeah, yeah. Stick. (to Elaine) 'Cos I could still go to the coffee shop.
(entering Jerry's apartment, in his own tuxedo) Whoo! Boy. Yeah, you clean up nice.
So why don't you just go?
Don't step on anything.
Yeah? Eva?
She and Jerry were a big thing, like Abe Lincoln and Mary Todd.
(enters apartment, holding up videotape) Behold! The Games of the '84 Olympiad! Katya's silver medal performance! (inserts tape into VCR, sets up TV)
What? Well, you hardly know the guy. What a nerve. You see wasn't I right about this guy? Didn't I tell you? Now, you're not going to do it are you?
O.K., listen, I want you to come by later, alright? 'Cause we're having a victory party for Little Jerry.
Well at least there's no traffic.
"What!!!"
(exiting apartment) Yeah, yeah, yeah...
Look Jerry, the show isn't about the circus, it's about watching freaks.
Hey.
No, Jerry--that's thirty-seven points! The Knicks covered! You won! See, that's a cooool-G, Daddy-O--now you gotta let it riiiide!
You're in a weird mood.
All right, geez. You're crazy.
(looking around) Look at this building. What is this?
Hey Morty! (to Jerry) Salad dressing?
Why? What happened?
"What!"
It's very familiar. I can't put my finger on it. It's very familiar.
(to Mickey) You know? She's right.
Hmm. Why you takin' an IQ test?
Never! You hate him because he's doing more with your name than you ever will! Yah-yah! (Kramer leaves.)
Yeah there are a few seats still available.
Uh, no, I let 'em sleep in.
Yeah, if you got a loser. But Little Jerry was born to cockfight!
Ah, yeah. Yeah, that's him.
You got anything on the horizon?
[In Newman's ear] I find you extremely ugly...
Cool it, lady. Cool it. Cool it, lady. Cool it.
Well I'll tell you it wasn't a pretty sight.
(convulses in pain) Yeow! Whoa.
Yeah.
(to Frank) I told you.
I knew this was going to happen. I just made a delicious casserole, but now it won't keep because I have no Tupperware.
Oh, I gotcha (clicks)
Yeah. Newman raves about it. It's on his mail route. He goes by there everyday.
What do you think, junior? You think these hands have been soakin' in Ivory liquid? (mimics choking somebody)
Because we're engaged.
"So... Did you take a look?"
(Concluding) Okay.. well, I guess I'm just going to have to take matters into my own hands, huh? (Pause) Alright, I'll see you guys. (Leaves, despite "No, don't go!" and other various comments by Jerry and George)
No, you told me not to!
Well, it's my final offer.
Well, you got brown eyes. You want to wear a green dress.
Jerry! C'mon, it's an emergency!
Oh. There's some runners. Here they come!
(Opening the door) Where? They're Cubans. (Leaves)
Well I just got it. Spector gave it to me , he's giving everything away...becoming a minimalist.
Yeah. (Lies on the couch and cracks the back of his head against the armrest.) Hey, what's with your ceiling? (Mom and Pop look up.)
I'm Kramer.
Yeah. You know, I think Elaine is a wonderful woman. You two are gonna make a wonderful couple.
(Moving out into the living room) Jerry, why don't you do a bit on Styrofoam?
Yep. (Mumbles off)
From pain, will come pleasure.
Wow. He's givin' you a mustache. Where is this guy?
(an idea occurs) You don't say.
Just comin' in, an' that phone just wouldn't stop.
No, no, I don't want it back. (Pause) Are you gonna watch the Knick game tonight?
Oh, no, no, no-no--I don't want any pay. I'm doin' this just for me.
Do I smell?
Oh, you know what? The second day I was there I stepped on a jellyfish. Now it kind of stung my foot. Thats probably what Rula was trying to warn you about.
Uh-huh.
(in pain) Ow! Jeez!
Jerry, now calm down, it's okay. I'm sorry. I didn't want to wake you up! Y'know, I was watching "Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo," and I - y'know, I wanted to get some popcorn, and I, uh...I used the spare keys that you gave me to come into your apartment to get your popper.
Keflon.
That's right, 'cause they already saw it.
His cat's gone.
Well, is it alright if I try it?
Don't you see? There's always been something very strange about Jerry, always so clean and organized. Do I have to spell it out for you? The limo? The name? The rally at Madison Square Garden? Jerry, O'Brien are the same person. Jerry is the leader of the Aryan Union!
Then Hank Bauer, you know, he's chasing me around, he trips over third base and knocks over Clete Boyer.
Oh yeah. Elaine was a fun project. I enjoyed working with her.
You didnt want her in the building?
A sweat shop.
You got a pen?
Please! Please!! I take it all back, everything! I take it all back, every word! I love you! I love *you*! I can't live without you, I,ll, I'll do anything!
Yaow.
*Fusilli* Jerry! It's made from Fusilli pasta. See the microphone?
They just don't know what street to take. You remember that time I got us to Yankee Stadium in rush hour in fifteen minutes?
Well, let's see speeding, running a red light, no license, no registration, no plates, no brake lights, no rear view mirror...yeah. (gives George a ticket)
(To George) Uh, No, no, no.. you go ahead. I gotta get my thoughts together.
Yeah.
Hey, Poppie...you really think people wanna make their own pizza?
Um, wha - oh, illegal, huh?
It's the only way you'll learn. (Tastes his eggs.) Aw, these eggs are disgusting. This chicken should be ashamed of himself.
Ah!
No no no, well, then who was it?
(Talking fast) Yeah, they're streamlined.
Hey Jerry. Rub some lotion on my back.
That looks like a dog with a glove on his head.
Alright, look. Jerry, you know the whole story, you should settle this.
It's about this woman, in a coma. Well, I couldn't finish watching it, so I want you to read this.
(To Jerry) No, I don't want it back.
George! George!
Yea, yea.
(interrupting Bania) That don't make you look high-waisted.
Talk to me baby.
Here you go, here you go, check it out.
(putting briefcase down) You know what? You're right. These reports, they can wait a couple of hours. Whadda say we go out tonight? Any place you want.
Then why the sniffing? Who walks around (sniff, sniff) sniffing?
Hey hey, alright, hey hey, stop it! Come on, break it up! What's the matter with you? Now don't you two see that you're in love with each other? I mean, why can't you face that already? You're running around out there looking for something that's not even there, when everything that you dream of is right here, right here in front of you. Now why can't you admit that? By the way, when you see George give him these, these'll work.
(smiles) Oh. Oh, Marlene...
Whoa, I'm Kramer.
Oh, hey! Hey, have I told you about my bunions? Oh, you're gonna love this story! (Rubs his hands together) So, I line up my cold cuts on the couch next to me, but as I'm stacking them up, they keep falling into my foot bath! (Jerry and Elaine look disgusted)
hey
"Oh no, you got to eat before surgery, you need your strength."
Well, I know what they feel like.
Yeah. Yeah, that's it. Because everybody laughs at Jerry here in America.
Whoh!
(to Newman) Would you let me say it? Let me talk!
I don't know, we have a certain chemistry
It's been a week. It's up to the cat now.
Yeah.
All right, all right, why don't we just watch the tape? (starts playback)
I'm puttin it on
Ya' ever dream in 3-D? It's like the boogeyman is comin' right at you.
Rachel, aren't you gonna have any?
Sweet justice. Newman, you are wise.
You shoulda come, Jerry.
Paella, ya I'll be there.
Yeah. (leaving)
Can't get rid of it. Maybe it leaked inside my brain.
Yeah.
Hi.
Gu-gu- cada-
Oh yeah, Im here to pick up my friend George Costanza.
All right
Well, I waited so long I-- I missed my chance.
Yeah!
A bris? You mean circumcision?
Yeah, yeah, I'll be right there baby.
Well, if we're all set to go, why don't you two hop aboard and let me show you a little taste of old New York...the way it once was. Oh, happy anniversary. On, Rusty!
Yeah, yeah.. (Notes their reactions) what?
Yeah, hi Elaine.
Oh, come on.
Ahh, no, no, no. You got me all wrong buddy. I am loving this no refrigerator. You know what I discovered? I really like depriving myself of things. It's fun. Very monastic.
(Patting George on the shoulder) He's a hell of a guy.
You see kid, you're being bamboozaled. These capatalist fat cats are inflating the profit margin and reducing your total number of toys.
And you were probably just going to stick it in an envelope.
(quietly, to himself) Look at this.
Of course, yes.
It was an accident.
You're joking.
Well, yeah, I did, but she's a tough nut. How d'ya like the tuxedo. It's a rental but I've had it for fifteen years. All right, eh. (heading in)
Well, Jerry, we have a little surprise for you! Come on out, Celia!
Oh, by the way, George. Susan called for you a minute ago.
I guess I screwed up!
Yeah. All right one chart coming up.
I'm not going to let you. If you don't call him I will.
Well, Newman uses his mail truck to run fish for China Panda on the weekends.
What card?
Elaine!
Hey, Elaine scratch my back.
(looking at picture) Yeah, it's 3-D art. Computers generate 'em. BIG computers.
Look, you gotta help me. I have to get off Jockey shorts.
Help me!! Help me!
Hey, C'mon! Let's go! I thought we were going to take a steam!
Oh, well you have fun...(Elaine leaves) oh no clowns...hate clowns...the clowns.
(puzzled) I think so.
Well, I thought you might wind up around here.
(CALLING OUT) Jerry!
So I'd like to give it to you.
Well, I'm sorry. Well, George, I tried to put the good word in for you with Siena, but I don't think she heard me. You know, left ear?
You've selected ... Agent Zero? If that's correct, press one.
Now look, I just have one thing to say to you boys. Mama!
What whip?
The bathroom scene. (moves his knows as you would if you sniffed)
Hey.
Oh bold and beautiful.
I was supposed to pick up Newman at the zoo twelve hours ago.
Uh huh.
Uh, uh, you see thats the great thing about Mediterranean women. All right, so what did you do?
I didn't kill anyone, I swear! I swear to God!
I said " Jump." Well, he's been threatening to do this for years. I said " Look, if you're gonna kill yourself do it already and stop bothering me." At least I'd respect the guy for accomplishing something.
No! Don't!
Oh yeah, I?m selling.
Yeah, yeah. If I can't be banker, I don't wanna live.
What happened?
I'm watching your door.
Well, I couldn't do it I got a gamblin' problem.
(getting up to leave) Well, the people have spoken. Well, that's it for me. I'm, I'm headin' back to New York.
Do you handle any of that commercial...real estate?
You know, why didn't they ask me to go?
I love you, too, buddy, and George--
The last couple a days hes been acting very strange. I think hes avoiding me.
Oh, is that what you call it when, Somebody doesn't Pay Up?
Come on Jerry, the commercials almost over.
Well, I got gonorrhea.
Yeah?
Really? Feels like Tuesday.
There you go.
(to George) Hey buddy.
Bed? You should be sleeping on a wooden board for at least a week.
"Ehmm ..These are my vertical leap training shoes."
You know what happens with these? The rollers, they get flat spots on 'em. (hits button several times and whacks it)
Sure, do you need a glove?
Don't worry. I've got a good feeling about this dump.
Oh yeah. Home-made pies, two hundred yards back.
We'll order Chinese.
Whoa. What are you all dressed up for?
Oh, no. There's nothing out there for me.
What?
Want one? Yeah, I just bought it at the Flea Market.
That's your problem, buddy.
Sorry? Are you kidding? You did me the biggest favor of my life. I spoke to a lawyer, we're suing for millions.
All right, you not gonna go I?m not gonna go, I?m gonna call the whole thing off.
Oh yeah! Yeah! Come on! (starts howling)
Come on. Where'd you go?
Well, it's an emergency band scanner, it picks up everything Fires, harbor patrol, even the police. I'm watching the watchers, Jerry. Uh oh, we got a big fire on 115th. I tell ya if could do it over again, I'd give it all up to be a fireman.
Phwap, I wouldn't even think about it.
You suffer for your soup.
That's right. He's a troublemaker.
No, no, it's all right. I had a friend who had rabies once. (George's eating chips) May I have one of those, madam?
I think I hit my head again!
Yeah, I've considered that. (to Elaine) Look, how do I get in touch with this guy?
I suck'em down like Coca-Cola. Well here's to feeling good all the time. (Kramer drinks the beer and smokes the cigarette at the same time. Barry sniffs) Looks like you've got yourself a little cold there, eh fella?
Okay...yea well uh start with me.
This hallway smells like potatoes.
No, my face feels so good, I'm gonna use it all over my body.
Yeah, and I'm playing a business man accused of murder.
(with his forehead in his hands) Man, I gotta go lay down. You and George going out a little later?
What did you want to see me about, Mr. Leland?
How can you have feelings for him? We're soul mates.
(looking at 'Gene' rack) See what doctor Gene prescribes, huh? (pulls down a cassette) Oh, here, look at that. Weekend At Bernies Two. Now, that's an hilarious premise.
Oh I'm happy right here. Isn't this place amazing? Planes flying in from all corners of the world, and they know the minute they're arriving.
Well, if you've got needs and abilities that's a pretty good combination.
Oh. All right. You don't know what your missing. I'm loving this Jerry. I am never putting on another piece of clothing unless it's straight out of the dryer.
So she's coming?
Oh, cmon. Shell pay you back. Whats five grand between friends?
What are the chances of that?
All right. Good, thanks, I owe you one.
When we went to dinner the other night.
Each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.
You know what I mean - pork, sausage, (A LA PORKY PIG) A-deek-a-deek-a- deek th-th-th-that's all folks.
Have you seen George?
Payoffs. Now we're playin' politics. All right, what do we next, Morty, huh? Wiretaps, slush funds?
Hey, here they are. The Cubans. Real Cubans.
It's all up here, Jerry. All up here. It's innate.
Well, you gotta wear it now! All those stores are stocking it based on the condition that you're gonna wear this on the TV show! The factory in New Jersey is already makin' em.
I cant believe hes in a coma.
(shouting back) Oh, unforgettable.
(pouring cereal) Oh yeah. Most important meal of the day.
You can't get it from that.
Oh, God, you're so naive! All the cable companies care about is the "Big Mammoo." (Jerry wacks the TV) Oh, look at you! You're banging things.. Pathetic. Just wasting your life. I'm offering you fifty-six channels - movies, sports, nudity. And it's free! For life!
'bout what?
Oh, it's uh, it's a bold adventure.
Hey, what's he doin'?
I *love* the Drake! I'm looking forward to meeting the Drakette!
No.
What's up?
I don't have anything. Ask him.
Hey, Jerry! Listen, I need you to come downstairs, help me get my stuff outta the car.
Aaaahhh...!!!
(shocked) Thirty thousand?! These are practically free.
Oh, you don't say.
I can't even speak in front of her. (Sits down on the couch.)
Yeah, Jerry, he told me all about it.
Bookman? The library investigator's name is actually, Bookman?
All right... Yeah. All right, have a good one.
Hey, I saw DiMaggio in the donut shop again.
Maybe she's bulimic
Is too.
Darren is going away for a long long time.
Okay, youre in a restaurant. Youve got a very big meeting coming up...
Hey, you owe me. I got you into Actor's Studio. They thought what we did was the scene.
Good, ah, (clap) what's going on?
(reads) Three hundred dollars. Hey, Mr Oh, how much would these run you in Tokyo?
It's a business.
yeah... she says she doesn't wanna see me again. Told me to drop dead!
Yeah, yeah, I know him.
Well, not here.
Oh... yeah...
Ohhh, maaan!! It's over! The Kramer name is finished! I'm never goin' to procreate--
Uh? Oh that must be it.
Hey hey hey! I don't want to hear another word out of either one of you!
Well, Babe Ruth did it.
Well, don't press the panic button. I'm sure that we can still salvage some sauce..
Orchestra, Row G, dead center, primo! You'll think you died and went to heaven.
KEITH HERNANDEZ?
Hey. Buddy, it's all happening!
George, we got a problem.
Oh. Well, uh, what's the problem?
(shuts door) "Bailing"?
That's right I don't like , I never like her from the get-go.
(shouting) Jerry! We've lost the fat man, and we're running lean. We're back on track, buddy!
I'm a friend. Who do you think told him to pour the Gatorade over Marty Benson's head?
Well, that didnt work. Hey, how about thisketchup and mustard in the same bottle?
Come on JUST TASTE!!!
Hes a go getter!
Whoah boy. There's always one at every party, huh?
Hewwo and welcome to Movie phone. Brought to you by the New York Times and Hot 97. Coming to theaters this Friday ... Kevin Bacon, Susan Sarandon -- You've got to get me over that mountain! Now (bang, bang) AHHHHHHHHHH There is no place higher than ... Mountain High . Rated R. If you know the name of the movie you'd like to see, press 1.
Well uh that doesn't surprise me, ya i bought these at Rudy's. It's a used clothing store. See when people like you die, the widows they bring in their wardrobes, they make a bundle.
All right, all right. Now what're we gonna do?
No, you dont understand, you see, he swallowed. See, the guy, he swallowed. Oh, he was nervous about something! Now, Im gonna go over there, Im gonna borrow some tea. If I dont get back in five minutes, maybe youd better call the police.
You must be kidding.
I decided to go with the brown one 's. (pants)
But Jackie--
There are no delicatessens under Communism.
Well, here's my shower routine. Maybe I can make some changes. Get wash cloth mittens and maybe some liquid soap, and just... -pop- focus!
Go get 'em, Death Blow! (To Brody) You okay?
(over the speaker) Well that's your opinion.
Yeah.
Oh yeah. So, ah, what're you guys gonna do today?
No I think he's got you beat buddy.
Well, don't you worry, your honour. He's in my custody.
I'm not going to take the bus that's why I got a car!
Well, I'm uh, just--tryin' to get ahead..
What?s his message like?
Hey! Just wait a minute. We just got here!
That's fine.
You can get a good one today. It's Enzo's day off. Gino's there all by himself.
Joes?
I'll break.
Oh, I just had two double-fudge sundaes.
Oh, hey, hi buddy.
(yelling up at Jerry) Hey Jerry.
Alright, c'mon!
Why? Why? Look, I paid for her. (Jerry stops walking)
Bye, Koko. Whew! Jerry, this relationship is killing me. The distance, the longing, the distance, the-- you know, I didn't realize it, but I'm a needy person.
Yeah, you didn't tell him didya?
Oh, I'll take a vet over an M.D. any day. They gotta be able to cure a (Snaps his fingers in rhythm with his words) lizard, a chicken, a pig, a frog (Stops snapping) - all on the same day.
You know, you oughta go down there and help him out. He's a widower.
Jerry, Jerry, you gotta testify!
Excuse me.
What do you mean?
Huh?
Yeah, I know Jerry will tell you that The Wrath of Khan is the better picture, but for me, I always...
No.
She kissed me back.
(Interested) Oh yeah? Well, maybe I'll go out there and knock a few balls around with him. You know, show him a thing or two..
Oh, Jerry loves the morning.
Well, I may have to take it, but I don't have to like it.
Oh, I got a lot of things in the hopper, buddy.
Let's just say that I don't have to worry about working for a while. A long while.
It's a, it's a stony mineral concretion, formed abnormally in the kidney. And this jagged shard of calcium pushes its way through the ureter into the bladder. It's forced out through the urine!
From the grind. I mean, who needs it? I mean, I've accomplished everything I've set out to do.
Oh, stop it. You know that friend of yours, Tim the dentist? I got an invitation to his Thanksgiving Eve party.
That's... even better!
Ah, you remember.
Boy, that looks like an allergic reaction. Have you been wearing a fake beard?
Well, that's classified.
(yells) Elaine!
You got cigars, huh.
Yeah.
Huh? Who are you?
Let me see.
Definitely.
No. You got a point.
Hey. I got some bad news for you, buddy. I think your car got stolen again.
HeYAWaaa
it was a big rock
Yeah, there's something in the air today. You feel it? There's something in the air.
But I want to--
You drank a whole bottle of water.
Did you hear about Newman?
I wish you never mentioned it to ME. [exits]
(smiles) yeah.
Since when are you so trendy?
It's Pam.
Oh, hey, Jack. How you doing?
(gets back on the bus, yelling) Well maybe I will take it up with Consumer Affairs. Ladies and Gentlemen you're in for an additional treat. We're going to extend the tour at no extra charge.
No, blame me.
"well of course I noticed it too with those cannibal breasts and pouty lips. I don't have to tell you she was a knock out." (turns the page)
whoa whoa ginga, you were supposed to tie the knot
How you doing?
I got it at Joes.
C'mon!
Yeah, who got the final Death Blow, 'cause I thought that Hawaiian guy, he had it comin' to him!
Do you know how much that comes to? That's a nickel a day for 20 years. It's going to be $50,000
Alright, great, because I got to get down there and pick up my blade. Hey, and I couldn't find that stock room.
hey guy, can I use your phone in your bedroom?
And I was looking good, too. I had a nice, new shirt on, I'm wearing *your* jacket...
You know, this business is going to be big. I just wanted- okay.
Here we go; now she comes in. Now my whole day is shot!
(softly)hmmm....patio furniture's on sale.
George?
Well I suppose they are wasted.
(interested) Uh-huh.
Well what happens if I can't play like I was? What about the tour, and all my dreams?
Why don't you just tell me the name of the movie you've selected.
A gymnast, Jerry. Think of the flexibility. Mmm, that sex'll melt your face.
(Getting Pulled and pulled) I...um...ei...
Hey.
Yeah well, Newman's not happy, he booted me out of his freezer. Look, I've got to take my blood back to the bank, can I borrow your car?
(laughs too loudly) All right, let's take a short break.
Well, where the meat goes?
I know, I'm gonna switch the bucket to something else.
Oh? Well, how much gas do you think is in there right now?
No! She needs it now!
it was your fault
(Frantic) Kramer, Kramer! I got big trouble with the - with the Van Buren Boys.
You know Bobby, it's very very hard to hit two home runs in one game. Even for Paul O'Neill.
Alright. (Holds out his pinkie at the center of the table)
Hey.
Stefanie. 2-G.
Hello.
I want my vacuum cleaner!
What do you think?
Well, it's obvious, you know. You're carrying a lot of extra baggage up there.
Uh hmm. Well, your arterioles have constricted.
This is excellent huh? Don't worry I didn't use too much milk, cause I know we gotta make it last.
Yeah, I can't remember the name of it.
(Looking over Mickey's shoulder at the script) Yeah, well, I was a different man then.
Alright, what are we gonna do? I'm not gonna let him hurt you. (grabs and hugs Elaine tightly) I'm not gonna.
Youre not going?
I'll yell, uh, 'Hoochie mama!'
All right, I'll take Julie.
Well, you should, Jerry.
Yeah! Ha ha.
Well, it's chicken feed. (Slams the bag into Jerry's fridge.)
(off screen) Outta My Way!
Listen, I need you to do me a favor.
A bra is for ladies. I'm talking about a support undergarment specifically designed for men.
Well I came back for you.
Ask her to sign a pre-nup.
Ahh! I don't think the deal is fair.
She made an offer. I took it.
Hey, you wanna come down the fire station with me?
No, it doesn't work.
You've been warned.
Name's Kramer.
Hello, Vivian! Oh, this is a nice screen.
Oh, come on! Hey, Newman didn't even give her that! No, that's not even a woman's coat. It's a man's!
Independence Day?
Yeah, yeah, I know. (he clicks off the TV) Listen, Jerry, I can't let you come to my New Year's party.
I feel Tuesday and Wednesday...
Well, we'll have to improvise.
So, then you asked yourselves, "Isn't there something more to life?"
Yeah, if I could crab my slicer and he'd hold still...
Huh? Yeah.
Oh, uh, well - okay.
We've been betting on arrivals and departures. (Newman rolls eyes) But I'm down $3200 , so you've gotta get me some cash.
"What? You're crazy."
I know you want me to keep my big mouth shut and that's exactly what I'm going to do. I'm never gonna talk again.
Giddy-Up. (Stagehand leaves) Jerry! Five minutes!
Fungus.
I don't know.
What's going on?
(to Mickey) What about lifts?
(immediately) Yeah.
Whooa, good morning gentleman and Tony says hello to you.
What dog?
He's become the laughing stock! You know The Times has already stated it could cost him the election. (laughing) Name tags!
Hey, Are you going to the hospital now?
(to George) You , you know what you should've done is watching that report on CNN last night.
How could you?
(Offended) What? No. That's disgusting..
My blade is all dinged up. Oh, come on! Elaine!
(enters apartment) Hey.
...so I called the litterbug a pig, not you. I like policeman. I wanted to be a policeman.
Now are you going to be here in an hour?
That's what I wanna know.
It's Jell-O.
They just write it off.
What is that, hickory?
Yeah.
So, somehow the Bronzo (?) is reacting to the poison she's giving you.
Believe me George, you can count on Slippery Pete.
I didn't say anything.
The factory?
(To Driver) Hey, let me drive.
And Buck Showalter's?
Here you go.
Hey! Mike!
Oh I'm down.
Hey, Silvio, look at Jerry here, prancing around in his coat with his purse. Yup, he's a dandy. He's a real fancy boy.
Well what are you doing here?
Really? What is Bette Midler playing? Is she going to be there?
No, I didn't see him.
Yeah. And here's to David Puddy for helping me install a much needed and much appreciated garbage disposal in my bathtub.
Sorry, I can't watch the dog tonight.
Oh, YEAH! You gave her a taste of medicine, alright.
Yeah.
Why, why? Why does she get it?
(while eating a banana) Hey Georgie.
Aw, c'mon man. Help a brother out.
Well then, what did you do next?
You know I got a great idea for a cologne. The Beach. You spray it on and you smell like you just came home from the beach
I dont know. I found them in your closet. Ever since Darren left I havent been able to find anything. He took all my clothes to some cleaners. Im clueless. (looks at clock) Is that clock right?
Well that's what we want, the Commando 450.
You know what my feelings are about this. I don't even pay taxes.
Ah, well, just tell her that it's Kramer.
Well we're in the country and we're right on his tail.
Well, just save me a seat.
Why?
Well, the squirrel kept scurrying and the hawk kept clawing.
(keen) What was I telling you? Isn't this nice?
Yes, indeed. The calendar says winter, but he gods of spring are out.
Newman! (Elbows him through the books. Newman falls over.)
I was going to dump this.
Ohhh. another interesting confrontation. This could be spicy. Yeah, George bring him over.
I'm in the middle of a conversation here.
...Jerry. This is great cantaloupe.
Well, I saw her outside the Y, you know, she came up to me, she started yelling because I snubbed her, and then we started talking a little bit, and I walked her to her building. And just before I left, I put my arm around her waist, I pulled her to me, and I - mmm - I planted one! (Laughs.)
Well, I'd say it nicely.
(swung by Jerry's argument) You're right. I won't do it without you. I feel so ashamed I even thought of it, huh.
Hey! (indicating photos) So what d'you think? You like it?
Hey, our meat problems are solved.
How could you not think about it?
(immaturely) I guess.
(to Jerry) Hey. Hey, would you do me a solid?
Hey, what's going on?
No, no! My car's not running.
I forgot. Wait. Never mind.
I left it on the coffee table or somethin'
Oh, he's a dunker.
Hey.
Yep, well I just walked by there and that car is gone.
Oh, you didn't hear? Jerry's a big star in Japan.
So, uh, well, maybe I should just be honest with her, huh?
what is this?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, then all of a sudden, this guy pulls out a gun. Well, I knew any delay is gonna cost her her pinky toe, so I got out of the seat and I started walking towards him. He says, "Where do you think you're going, Cracker Jack?" I said, "Well, I got a little prize for ya, buddy - " (Kramer throws two quick punches and a massive uppercut) - knocked him out cold!
Oh, I spend that much on after shave. Yes, I buy and sell men like myself every day. Now, I assume that there's a waterfall grotto?
"Hey! What's this?"
No, it isn't!
Oh no. Sure. It matters. Wow. I've broken through, huh. I'm part of popular culture now. Listen I've got to thank Mr. Peterman.
No, Jerry!
Look, George, I can't help ya, all right.
We ran outta space.
I would advise against that.
Oh! That's Newman. (goes over to the window)
Now you know who to thank for that!.. Alright, I've got to go. (Heads for the door)
Yeah.
Of course. She's got a great body, buddy. All right, I'm gonna go upstairs, I'll be right back.
(to the exiting Elaine) Yeah, well, listen. If you're going there, (following her out the door) maybe you can get him to tell you where he got those glasses. (shouting after her) Elaine!
Newman died?
Yeah now get the ones that are red on the inside.
Well, the bank, I opened up a new account.
(Bracing himself on a bar stool) Yeah, I already did it. It won't come off. The zipper's suck..
Jerry too, of course.
Surely you jest. (walks away from Bania)
How ya feelin'?
(whimper) Jerry?
We could be tried for murder...
Oh ho ho ho yeah, the sooner the better. I can't wait to do it. You know how there's some people you worry about whether you're going to hurt their feelings? With her, I'm looking forward to it. I'd like to get it on video, watch it in slow motion and freeze frame it. Oh ho, yeah.
No. Don't, Jerry.
Here's your scrubber back.
That's it. (smacks George on the forehead with a ruler)
All right, I've had it with you two. (opens apartment door to leave)
Hey! How do you like your bagels now?!
Well, we'll see.
'felt that the conversation was lagging.
(to one of the guys) Just a cigar made outta bisquik, huh, Guillermo?
Well where is it? (Elaine enters from bedroom with newspaper) Hey, you done with that?
Bet? Um, not betting.
pig-man, baby. pig-man.
All right it's done.
Hey Maestro!
(indicating with his thumb) Dijadidatjd. There.
What bachelor auction?
I punched Mickey Mantle in the mouth.
No.
You better be careful with that thing... You'll start a war.
yeah yeah
I go in front first all the time.
(to the phone) Look, I'll call you back. (hangs up)
Oh...it's tolerable...! (happy)
Fix what?
Why was I in charge of closing the door?
No, no, I can't eat that. You can't eat a sandwich without Dijon.
(high pitched voice) "Well women do it." I'll tell you what. I'll pick you up a sundress and a parasol and you can just (high pitched voice) sashey your pretty little self around the town square.
(from inside) Security issue!
You'll get used to it. It's like a grubby scrub.
Shees, come on...(opens the radiator)..this thing is bone dry. (Looks at the blood.)
Yeah, the heat pump blew all the fuses!
Jerry, the whole building is brick.
My contention?
Yeah let me borrow your scarf.
(Brainstorming) What about the homeless?
hey, watch the road! Watch the road, man!
Well I'm a guest.
Aw, all right, I'm looking forward to it.
Nah, we need a medical dictionary! If a patient gets difficult, you quone him.
Well you know ahh, they don't allow outside drinks in the movie theater. So I had to put it in my shirt and sneak it in.
Oh, boy.
Alright, so he's gonna give you the hockey tickets, huh?
Hey! (Group does likewise)
September third.
Now you listen to me, you've got to find this woman and tell her that you're not a test tube pin cushion.
Come on, this is a great idea. Look at the characters. You've got all these freaks on the show. A woman with a moustache? I mean, who wouldn't tune in to see a women with a moustache? You've for the tallest man in the world; a guy who's just a head.
(Observing Elaine's bandaged nose) Well, what happened to your nose?
Oh, hey.
You let go - come on ...(they fight over the items)
So, what are you saying?
(comes in, subdued) Hey. (grabs a water from refrigerator)
Ah, hold these (boxes of) pies.
Well there is the possibility that you've gone right out of your mind.
All right, who's down there?
Its a simple job. Why, you dont think I can?
Jerry, you should care. Cantaloupe like this should be taken out of circulation.
It's a method, Jerry. It's intense. (Clicks his tongue)
These pretzels are making me thirsty. (He bites into a pretzel.) Boy, these pretzels are making me thirsty.
Oh, yeah. I can barely see you, George.
You know, I cant believe you put your money in that Sendrax. And you couldve invested in my roll-out tie dispenser.
What are you kidding? Look at him. He's grotesque.
What's happenin' here?
Thats more you than youve ever been. Hey, what is with the pink lining?
Yeah.
(opening a card) Oh, a check.
I thought she was pregnant.
A big dinner with dessert. But Ive got till the end of the month.
(to a room) Vote for Kramer. (to a man walking by) Cosmo Kramer. I'm running for condo president. I'd like your vote. Thanks. (to an old woman) Remember, ma'am, a vote for me, is a vote for Kramer.
Hey, anybody got change for a hundred?
Heeeeey...
I'd love to help you move.
What kind of person are you going around killing people?
She talked me in to it-- she said it was the best deal.
It looks familiar. I remember the elevator.
Yeah.So I got distracted and I crashed the car.
Aah, Jerry I'm not gonna let you bring me down from this high. I've been partying all night. I saw the sunrise at Liza's!
Hey, Jerry, you need any new furniture?
That blond across the street. You know the one with the long ponytail, she wears those blue sweatpants.
Jerry, I had some milk, I made a sandwich. I got to get out of the building.
Aah! Aah! Mama!
You know what I'm gonna do? (heading for the door) I'm gonna return this.
Hey buddy. I am waiting for my shirt.
I'm shaving with it, and you know what I discovered?
So , you blew it?
Yeah. They said they haven't seen anybody go after balls with such gusto.
Buenos dias.
Yeah.
Hey! Elaine..
Can I get in on that?
All right now here's the list. (hands Jerry the list)
Come on, this is important! (Shakes the door handle and it comes loose. Kramer falls backwards to the next door.)
Yeah, Yeah...Why, is it too cold out?
Well I suppose the children do.
Yeah, I'm an extra.
Stick a fork in me, Jerry. I'm done.
They want to know why they never see you.
Hey, I'm in tip-top shape. Better than you!
Most of them don't even have batteries.
(handing Jerry a cigar) Well, as of today I am a proud parent of a one-mile stretch of the Arthur Berkhardt Expressway.
"All right euhhm....."
I once saw this thing on T.V. with people who are terminally ill. And they all believed the secret of life is just to live every moment.
Youre flesh and blood.
The lure of the animal. Im dangerous.
Hey!
I'm getting my pot.
Scared of being shot.
Whew! I got whooped. You should have seen the rage in their little eyes. And those tiny little fists of fury. Oh. (notices the Urban Sombrero) What is that?
Yeah, so whats the problem?
(evasive) Ohh, nothing, nothing.
I got it - it's out! How about that, huh? Oh, boy, what a relief.
Oh come on Jerry. How hard is it to act. You say something, I'll pretend it's funny.
I gotta invite Jerry. He's my buddy.
(checks dial) I got enough to get to Memphis.
Alright, but no bites.
On the signal, George. On the signal.
Yeah, it's a windshield.
Now, look. Somebody gave it to me.
Boy...
I never had an air conditioner.
You got it. Hey Jerry, do me a favor. The next time you see that lineswoman ask her how those ball boys get those jobs. I would love to be able to do that.
Oh, I know what I want, Jerry.
Hey. (to Elaine) Hey how was your date with Phil Titola?
Ohh, He's got a big sweat going. (Takes an envelope out of his pocket.) Oh, this came for you express-mail. It's from your parents.
Oh. Oh man. (Takes out a Kleenex and puts his head back. Jon Voight comes out of a doorway and hails a cab.)
What about him?
Yeah. Ahh. Hey, this is Jerry here.
Jerry, I'm telling you, this phone sex thing is hilarious, like this woman Erika, here look (showing the ad in the newspaper). You gotta call her, the voice she uses..
(to Jerry) Man, that Emily is wearing me out.
Only in The United States.
Well, I gotta do somethin'.
So my dear you think you can get to Broadway. Well, let me tell you something. Broadway has no room for people like you. Not the Broadway I know. My Broadway takes people like you and eats them up and spits them out. My Broadway is the Broadway of Merman, and Martin, and Fontaine, and if you think you can build yourself up by knocking other people down... ...GOOD LUCK... (exits)
Hey buddy.
(listens) ...Well, I suppose I could, (turns away from Elaine) but I'd have to shift a few things around, uhm... Hold on for a second, will you? Uh...
Do it, Jackie. Stan's the man.
Yeah, yeah go ahead yeah, put the banner up doesn't matter to me.
No, no it's that guy. He's really been bugging me about the jacket.
Wha-ha-a-at? (makes a gesture with his hand)
Uh, yeah, yeah. Here it is, Brody. One copy of Cry Cry Again.
Yeah... All right....Ya got it, eh.
No, no. Not mooching. 'Cos at the end of the week, you add 'em all up, and you give me the bill.
(looks at his shirt as if he had a tie on) Oh man, you got mustard on your tie!
Well, are you gonna wear it?
At least that's what Jerry says. Now face it. If it hasn't happen it's not gonna happen. All right, we go grab some bouffe . Join us?
Yeah, because you're perfect. You're a calculating, cold-hearted businesswoman. And when there's dirty work to be done, you don't mind stomping on a few throats.
Well, because the meats are divided into a class system. You got Pastrami and Corned Beef in one class and Salami and Bologna in another. That's not right.
Five bucks???
Break up with her
Exactly
(points) Digidi.
(relaxing) ...oooohhh yeeaaah... aaahhh... (he is really enjoying this)
C'mon, C'mon. You wanna go? (pats Jerry a couple times on the shoulder quietly) C'mon. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I got down in my knees and went, "Go ahead, Mickey. Hit me. I'm begging you, Mickey, please hit me. C'mon, hit me. I love you, Mickey, I love you!"
Yeah. Slow, gentle, attentive.
So Heather called?
(Complaining) No more golf.
Oh, yeah. (snaps fingers) You know, I forgot my wallet.
All right, look. People seem to like those tip calculators, huh?
The alternative media, Jerry. That's where you hear the truth.
Hey! Hi Elaine!
This truck is dying. We're losing him.
Of course it is. I picked it out myself.
who?
Alright.. How do you like this? (Pulls out one of his eyebrows) Ya!
Hey man, what's going on?
Yeah, yeah, chew on that.
Yeah, but I prefer the bro.
I gust met Uma Therman. She's giving me her telephone number. Uma Jerry, Uma.
Where are you going?
Now what's that?
What are you talking about?
Yeah.
Alright I'll get a blender.
Take me where? Where?
Yeah, I just sold my suit to Bania for a cool three-hundred.
(grasps Newman's hand) To the Kramennium.
No, no. you'd be a damn fool to change it. It's very becoming.
I've been thinking about something.
Deh-deh-deh-deh- (Jane exits) All right, show's over. I'm goin' to the beach.
Hey. I just came from St. Elizabeth's.
Deal?
I like that eye patch.
George, it's time for us to grow up - and be men. Not little boys.
There were 1,650 survivors.
My old one sprung a leak.
A big phone. A big one.
Alright, alright...
(yells) Hey Jerry! (thumps cab door with his palm) Look what I got! (begins doing war-whoops)
Could you do me a favor? If you see a guy that's five foot eleven, he's got uh a big head and flared nostrils, tell him his friend's going to be right back, okay?
What happened?
Because Marcelino, he taped it up on his cash register with all the other bad checks.
A free truck? Oh boy, that completely changes our cost structure. Our G and A goes down fifty percent.
What, again with you?
Tell me about it.
Giddy-up. Ok, uh, (Looks at a woman wearing dark sunglasses and sitting on a sofa behind him. He reacts oddly) Um. I need to talk to someone.
Y-Yeah, all right.
Look, Java World. (To cabbie) Hey listen I'm gonna get out here. I'm gonna get myself a free cafe latte.
(Moving back into the room) Oh, yeah?
Anything...
You gotta come through with the hips first.
Oh,
Well, you know I went to the hospital today, and I saw the woman, you know, and the wheelchair is totalled, we gotta get her another one!
Oh, that's too bad.
No, no, I'll take your picture. I'll take care of everything.
Big! Big!
No no no. She changed her hairstyle, (pulls a face) it's terrible. No, we're done.
Jerry, Jerry, you're missing the big picture!
12,000 BTU's.
Well, maybe because we were sitting in the right field stands cursing at him in the bullpen all game.
Yes, yes. I am Dr. Vanostran from the clinic. I need Elaine Benes chart. She's a patient of mine and she's not going to make it. It's uh very bad very messy.
No, no. She put a stop to that.
I can't, I gotta get this Ellen out of my life.
No.
Well, I'm on the phone with Bob, and I realize right then and there that I need to return this pair of pants. So, I'm off to the store.
So listen, I'm going to crab a bite to eat at Sardi's. You wanna go?
I'm sorry.
Now, if you want to go out and have some good, wholesome fun with a nice girl, I'd be glad to help you out...if you're looking for something more than that, you've got the wrong guy, buddy! (Jerry tries to get a word in during this entire speech, but Kramer won't budge an inch.)
Boysenberry, the kid is still learning.
Oh yea that feels good. Ahh, now I'm simmering.
Boy, I am really surprised at you. (opening the door) You are the last person I figured would do something like this. I mean, George, yeah, I can see that. Even Jerry. But not you, Elaine...
Well we're talking with Elaine Benes; Adult film star on the set of her new picture "Elaine does the Upper West side"
(Interrupting) Scab! Scab! (pointing at Elaine) Scab!
She's fat.
Hey.
You wanna shoot some pool tonight?
Look, Newman, I told you to let this thing go.
Hey, hey, hey, hey. You know what would make a great coffee table book? A coffee table book about coffee tables! Get it?
Aahh...Who's Janet?
So, Im Filk?
Its the best cantaloupe I ever had.
You don't think I know how you're feeling, every second of the day? Looking over your shoulder to see if someone's coming up from behind. Sitting alone at night, knowing they could be closing in.
Jerry, she taped over the whole ending! (Brody enters)
Didnt Elaine call you?
Well, I just came back from Mickey Mantle's restaurant.
No, I'm not gonna let you do it, Jerry.
Yeah, maybe not technically, but
Oh, it's like this, here, you guard me.
I was on the next blanket from Elle McPherson
She must be a very special lady, huh George, yeah.
Yea we worked it out all over dinner last night.
No no it's alright, it's alright. You're stressed Oout!
You know what you ought to do George? You should work for Greenpeace. You those people they attack the whalers out on the open sea.
So I, I didn't do anything wrong.
[In Newman's ear] Alright, well be back, jack.
Uh huh. Your back hurt?
All right, I'm sitting down. How are you? (Kisses Estelle on the cheek)
No, it's justifiable. He thought I was going for his wallet.
That's not a good investment, that's a loss.
I'm gonna buy a ticket-- I'm gonna get on that flight.
Oh! God, It's a Pig man! A pig man!
Yeah.. And, um, when I told him my idea about the beach cologne, you know, he - he laughed at me.
Jerry, it was a whirlwind. They whisked us backstage, the media is sworming, champagne is flowing...whooo! I can't describe how great it is to win.
Giddyup. You're a cowboy now.
The elevator just broke. I had to walk up five flights.
Open it, it's from Hallmark.
Yeah, well nothing before noon.
Yes! And then the handsome young prince was cast out into the cruel, cruel world.
Come on ,c'mon i need to taste it. ( takes his peach).....Nothin' , Can't even taste a Macanaw.
I wish I could believe you. Hey, Elaine, do you have some free time tomorrow afternoon?
What's that?
Oh, boy, look at this. Hong Kong's outlawed the rickshaw. See, I always thought those would be perfect for New York.
"What d'you got there?"
Ah!
Bald?
You know, I think it's worth something. It's kitschy. (tongue click)
To the whole scene. (sniff)
(Remembering) No, that wasn't dancing.
Yeah, that's cool. Well, you gotta support your team.
I have a pen.
All right George, come on, take a look.
To find the theater nearest you, please enter your five digit zip-code, now.
Well, it's a valuable appendage.
Oh, we have to do this now.
Oh, yeah. Right. Uncle, Leo. Forgot his first name..
Ah, the I.P.M.P.C.W.
Oh, baby, what was that all about, huh?
Ok.
So, what do you think? Does this work?
Books. (Knocks over a bowl of fruit on the counter.)
Ya.
Bette Midler is going to be in the park today? Yeeee. Jerry, don't tease me.
Alright, here we go. Yeah, watch that baby slide...(Puts a slice of meat under the door.)
Don't you know you're not supposed to poke around down there.
What are you doing this for? Look at you..
hey! you got some messages.. Yeahumm.. .George, George, Elaine, George again, Elaine, Newman; but that was a crank call. and some Sally woman called said "Thanks a lot, she's quitting the business, you ruined her life.
(Leaving) George, you listen to me. I owe ya one.
(lighting his pipe) It's my mom's.
Oh, we go back a ways.
Listen, Can you take me over to the Jiffy Park?
No No, Don't ruin it for me, I haven't seen it yet! Ah-C'mon, what d'you say?
(worked up) Well, what am I gonna do? I got over two hundred folding chairs, and quite a bit of ice.
Wow. Well, don't you sweat it. You can use my car any time you want to.
Oh, yeah, yeah. Well, he--uh--visits the guy across the hall from me like every ten minutes.
I know.
You don't eat Oreos? (acts out eating Oreos) The way you break them open? You're (does a bunch of licking motions) ~ practically having sex with them.
(While washing his hands in Jerry's kithen sink) Well, the rickshaw's gone. We strapped it to a homeless guy and he (Makes a noise), he bolted.
So, what are you guys doin' this weekend?
Well no, I don't have them on me.
Oh, come on. Bobby, Bobby! That's just as good!
(to George) Yeah!
No, no. I'm sorry it's out of the question.
I told you I was gonna get it.
Oh, Mama.
My god, you're rich.
What, Mr. Marbles? He's harmless.
Hi.
Hey. Oh, Jerry, listen uh, you know, I saw the rest of that movie, The Other Side Of Darkness? The coma lady wakes up at the end.
Well I put that Chinese balm on that the Maestro gave me. And look, it healed it.
Theres no dinner. The bets off. Im not gonna do it.
(getting worked up) You knew I was having a millennium party, but you just had to throw yours on the same day!
Hey, Jerry, crank up the Floyd. It's a George laserium!
All right I'll be back in a second. You guys coming to my party? (exits)
Right.
If you like her, go talk to her.
You know. (HE PUSHES HIS NOSE UP WITH HIS THUMB).
Sure you can. (to Jerry) Such a sweet kid.
(quiet) Oh.
George, we're sorry.
Look away, I'm hideous.
(approving) Yeah.
For me? Go...Yeah, what tonight? Yeah, I'll be there...Yeah later. (puts the phone down) Well, somebody's baby-sitting.
huh.. my batteries are dead
Yea, last night.
HUAAHHH!!
Jerry, I didn't want you to know I was out of work. It's embarrassing! (Leaves) (Scene ends)
Grinders, sanders, wet stones. They are the ones who botched the Statue of Liberty job.
You see?
Waldenbooks? That's a major chain huh.
Well, he can't be disturbed now.
What?
Ha ha ha ha. Yeah, well, Ill tell you, she's a full-figured gal.
No, not in so many words but I believe we had an understanding. (winks)
(To the TV) Who is Joseph Cotton? Giddee up!
Maybe he's with the company.
Shut up. Spread em. I said spread em! (looks around) Youre in big trouble son. Burglary, grand larceny, possession of stolen goods... and uh, uh... murder.
Hmm.
Hey, what do you think they'll do to us?
Ohh... should be done by the end of the month.
What?
Ya well, so was uh sacrificing virgins to appease the gods, but we don't do that anymore.
(to 'mental phone') Oh, you wanna talk to Jerry?
Hey, you need some roadwork done? 'Cos I met some maintenance guys today on the highway, they could probably help you out.
(Petting Smuckers) Yeah, this is Smuckers. I borrowed him. (Starts coughing)
Oh, yeah.
Well, that's out of the question.
Well, I don't want to either.
Mickey, DTs.
enters
Hey, Silvio. Yeah, I'm reversing my peephole.
Quality time.
You know, if they catch two of us on TV, you got some explaining to do.
hey, you're hungry? Monk's?
Oh, alright. Yeah. Uh, let's see. Um, well, we can throw out birthdays immediately. That's too obvious. And no numbers for you, you're a word man. Alright, let's go deeper. Uh, what kind of man are you? Well, you're weak, spineless, a man of temptations, but what tempts you?
Oh, listen, I'll take that Tupperware now.
Are you ok, cowboy? Where do you need to go?
It's a *con*. These agencies are usually a front for some money laundering scheme. Or they're bunko artists; bilkin' people out of their life savings, oh *yeah*.
(whistles) What's he like huh?
Because Im a pod?
Yeah, I'm out - I'm out of the contest.
[still lost] I know that guy...
I like mangos.
Cmon, George. I saw it first.
Ellen. We, uh, broke up again.
(pleased) Ah, see. (rubs his hands together) I got the whole night ahead of me. (looks at Jerry) Boy, that's a nice jacket, huh?
(looks over at the three guys) The Dominicans are rolling them too tight. (regretful) Uhm, well, that's why you gotta get real Cubans.
Hey, I'm going to get that watch back for you by tomorrow, buddy. You see.
Look look.
Alright come on.
Oh, great ride.
Hey! They hooked me up.
Well, I tell time by the sun.
Alright. I've never been to Mars but I imagine it's quite lovely.
I'm very good with sick people. They love me. When my friend Len Nicodemo had the gout, I moved into his hospital room for three days, the doctors were amazed at his recovery.
No, nothing doing. Let's, you and me, play a game of straight pool.. hmm?
Well, I have to say I'm very surprised and disappointed - blood brother.
1937.
Well, b -- it was stolen.
Any news?
You ma, know I've been thinking. I want you to quit that matron job.
Cash.
We're all at the same skill level, Jerry.
No. I eat those. I'm the real Peterman.
Yeah, I kissed her.
No, an eighteen-wheeler's no good. Too much overhead. You got permits, weigh-stations, tolls... Look, you're way outta your league.
Its funny.
Wha...?
So go. GEORGE Here?
No, you dont have to challenge that. Thats a word. Thats a definite word.
Listen, I want to thank you for the invite up state. I'm sorry I can't make it.
Well, what am I supposed to tell him? How much there is for him to live for? Why should I lie to him?
What happened?
Whoo. Wrong car. Sorry.
Whooo, ... That's you! What is going on here? The gyp(?) he laughs at me then he steals my idea. I could have been a millionaire. I could have been a fragrance millionaire, Jerry. ... They're not going to get away with this.
Yeah.
Well, you know, it's like this every day in Puerto Rico.
Yeah, he skipped out and *ptruut* went to South America!
I got no A/C and I gotta keep the blood cold or it'll go bad.
Yeah, yeah, maybe I can get him to draw a picture of her for you.
Hey, how's everything? You..you need anything?
(on phone) A turkey sandwich. A side of slaw,  you want whit e meat or dark?
No no, I found the place, I set the whole thing up, I'm doing all the leg work.
Yeah, and they're fresh! Right out of the ocean.
"Oh yeah.! I got a check up on Thursday."
Cash? You gotta be kidding. What kind of gift is that? That's like something her uncle would get her.
Well let's sit down.
They were shooting the Sports Illustrated swim suit issue right in the hotel pool.
I want to capture this.
Kavorka?
Right.
(satisfied) Ahh. That was alright.
(screaming) YES! YOU'RE DAMN RIGHT YOU SHOULD! (hysterically) Fight for her, Jerry, she's sure as hell fighting for you!
Oh I see....Yessss. Little Miss Candy Bar paid a visit, didn't she?
You sure you dont want me to take my clothes off? (beat) Ill do it!
(George takes off the hat , he's got that cream on again) Pheeewwww! Boy! You stink.
Yeah, stir it up so it melts.
Great, I'm gonna bring Toby.
What do you mean?...
Well, you know in the old days, when the senators didn't vote the way that the party leaders wanted 'em to... they whipped them. (holds imaginary whip) You better vote the way we want you to, or there's gonna be big trouble. (cracks invisible whip and makes sound effect)
(quietly) yeah.
Retail is for suckers.
Come on lets see - Back to Back.
I tell ya, he worked so hard and then he just--
(shouting after car) Hey Jerry! Yeah, I'll see you back at the house!
Hey, how ya' doing? [Trying to enter]
Uh-huh. Its good?
(frustrated) Wha??
(being grabbed by the security officials) Hey!
Mornin'.
(real addict) Ah, come-on, Jerry--I don't wanna lose this feeling. Hey--let's go down to the O.T.B. We'll put some money on the ponies. (getting out pocket-watch)
I didn't know you made that kinda money. (subdued) Jeez.
Get yourself some vitamin C with rose hips and bioflavenoids.
Oh, well I have many associates.
Yeah, see, I think people want to look like pirates. You know, it's the right time for it.. to be all puffy, and devil-may-care..
Oh hi Elaine. What are you doing here?
All right, Ill get ya a Mounds bar. Keep the engine running.
A golf tee. In the dry cleaner.
What point?
Woah, that's quite a honk!
(putting on the lotion) Ya
Will you tape it?
Well, if they don't mind sitting in the back.
I got it! This time, I got it!
You did.
Get extra MSG.
Hey.
I've made an important life decision.
Hey.
Yeah. My lady friend down at Monks.
All right Come on....again attempts to pull headphones off)
Conceivably.
Well, I'm not leaving the premises without tote bags. I was promised tote bags and tote bags I shall have.
Drive the horse?
Uh yeah. It's under the couch.
(holds up some small white sachets) I took these out of every single garment in the store.
(Showing pure irony) I just can't be with someone who's life is in complete disarray.
Hey.
Yeah, but Jerry, what happens if the show's a hit? You could be out there for years! You might never come back.
Well, I havent changed my mind.
Funny.
(cont'd) so that he was gonna take me into his confidence.
Hey, George. How about that tour, huh? These guys are ready to run the bases.
Well, I just gotta keep my skin moist so I don't dry out.
Ahhh, uh, uh, uh, ohuh, aaaa ouh au au au ah ah (more pecking) ah, ah, ah, Ah.
(not convincing) Uh, yeah.
No no no. End of the month.
It's ok, Jerry. I'm right here.
What is here comes the judge, here comes the judge!
Maybe that's what he's got.
Hello, I'm Kramer.
Nobody put a gun to your head.
Okay...
Imagine walking by someone on the floor, and you say "Hey, Carl!" and he says "Hey, Jerry!" You see, that's the kind of society I wanna live in.
Moles, yes. Freckle's ugly cousin.
That's pretty strange. Did he say anything else?
Wha--
This is the best way to go!
Jeez! What happened to your car, buddy?
... Yeah dropped off that Bob Sacamano hat. Oh she's ah, upset at him, oh yes siree. Yeah well thanks for stopping by.
(pointing) You can go over here.
Devola came after me.
Yeah. Well, you ask for it, you got it.
"So, you're heading home?"
Hello.
Oh, Ill be comfortable.
Well, he's using his connections in the Mayor's office, to uh, get the theatre landmark status.
My Cubans! (runs off to the burning cabin)
Oh. Well listen, I almost forgot to ask you. What happened at the funeral? Now, did you talk to Alec berg?
So, George took my slicer down to Kruger and they're smoothing it out for me.
Yeah, and you know what she told me? She said her first order of business is to put my coffee table book into the bookstores as soon as possible.
Oh, hi. I uh just came to say goodbye.
George, I would like to thank you for the greatest four days I ever spent in my life.
(Continuing as if nothing happened) Because to pull rickshaws means more than just strong legs. You're also going to need a well-toned upper body.
Oh yeah, she called a little earlier. She's coming over to check out lost and found.
Maybe she's trying to create a buzz.
Jerry, (claps) aaya - what are you doin' tomorrow? I want you to come by the set.
Hey!
Hm, That's interesting. You know someone mentioned to me you were not very happy with your toys, growing up.
Jerry, I just picked up the Cubans at the bus station. (shrill) What's going on!?
Castro eh? Pasto costillo homiga (nonsense Spanish)
Stay strong buddy.
Who would think these people we're gonna be here?
No, Jerry, look I'm cooking all the food myself.
Yeah, see how you're singing?
I'm so happy! My world suddenly has meaning!
No, no. Your not playing the game.
You are a lover boy!!
What you doing?!
[In Newman's ear] This guy's nothin' but a piece of crap...
What's in the deep end?
Oh, man. Makes you wonder what it was all for..
(throwing his catalogs in the Pottery Barn store) Hey, you like sending out catalogs!? How do you like gettin' 'em back!?
Yeah, here, Stan, in here!
(laughs as Frank ends up tickling him; gets away) I bought it from Rudy.
No no you didn't ...Hundred dollars.. I get a hundred dollars.
You got money?
Ma?
What?
No! I'm not the Assman.
Why are we slowing down?
Nope, we got a whole new format. Edgy, youthful, plus ... we got Jim Fowler!
(doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o! (haha)
Can't it? Or is your entire world just crashing down all around you?
All right lets take a look to see what we got ( examines George's head) Wait a second.. I think I see something here George. Lets go to the videotape.
Uh no. Look at this. Okay yeah this looks good and I like what your wearing.
Well, that would explain Little Jerry's poor egg production.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah, that's her. (feminine grunts and sighs can be heard as they watch the tape) Look at the height, Jerry, the extension! Now watch the tuck. Handstand, half-turn, giant into a straddle, back into another handstand. Nice kip. Reverse hecht. Oh, nice leg extension, good form! Now, here comes the big dismount. Look at the rotation, full in, double back, and she sticks the landing! (gets up to leave as George and Jerry continue to watch, mouths agape) Perhaps you'd like to keep the tape? (silence) Well, I'll take that as a yes.
You know what woman I always thought you looked like; Leena Horne.
Oh, come on! What am I gonna do? She's going to eat me alive.
What's going on?
Uh, Cosmo Kramer?
I need the yield sign.
Jerry, my house is a pigsty, come on.
That's my Chinese food...So George is this your first movie with Elaine?
Yes! Oh look at this, these mangos are beautiful! Oh these are beautiful, (smells them) you did good George.
Yes, yes I am. The icing on the cake would be getting that landmark status from the City. We're hoping Lloyd Braun can pull a few strings.
alright.. George you got it? (gives him the rope)
Yeah, but get there after nine. You know, give the poeple a chance to loosen up.
(Quietly) Buffer zone (Kramer moves to the other seat)
Well, why not?
There was no plan.
Well, maybe you're gonna get 'em too, George.
Oh, these are nice corners, huh?
I like to strain the sauce.
George, there's a news stand right over there. Now come on.
Hey.
Huhh, yeah, let's pull the cord.
Hey!
It's the most dangerous part of the sidewalk. Cab hops a curb, wap! You've had your last egg sandwich.
Yeah.
Well, you can't leave now.
Yeah yeah.
I don't know.
Loan her the money. You can afford it.
Oh, well, yeah, it's good.
He's in jail.
What's Festivus?
(Laughing) What is that, a new bit?
I thought it was a closet.
(shivering) I don't know.
(voice; yelling) Toby! (Shot of a shocked Kramer is shown) Oh, Oh!
I thought you said she stinks
Jerry, karate is not here (pointing to the ground). It's here (points to head), and here (points to chest), and here (makes a circle with his hands).
(lighting Dr Reston's cigar) Uh huh.
What?
Hey, I'll tell you what, Chubs, if that yogurt has fat in it, I will put myself on an all-yogurt diet for a week.
It all right if I keep these here for a while? I'm having a New Year's Eve party.
Oh, I don't wear the ribbon.
You just answered your own question.
Oh, no no no, you gotta call him the next day, it's common courtesy.
Hey. It happened again. (puts box on counter) Another robbery in the building.
C'mon, Frank, relax. I don't even know what you're talking about.
Jerry, Newman and I are engaged in a epic struggle for world domination. It's winner take all. People cannot be trusted.
Well,, if you'll kill this person, who's to say I wouldn't be next?
Good idea.
All right, ... now, you come on over. I'll have my cereal and I'll take your picture.
Yeah, I'm against AIDS. I mean, I'm walking, aren't I? I just don't wear the ribbon.
Well what are we ...dog meat.
Yeah
Well, I lived in Los Angeles for three months.
I said she's the heir to the O'Henry candy bar fortune.
Shut up! Keep em spread! Just make love to that wall, pervert!
Mr Har-harwood. Well, what an unexpected surprise to have you back at the Alex Theatre.
Hey, well, this is Sally.
Hey, how ya doing?
"Yeah"
Her birds are dead.
Aw, you really hurting, huh?
Ya if they're vintage, and you're a widow.
What's that?
You are never gonna believe who I just ran into today.
I'm talking about the pig man. I went into the wrong room and there he was.
Hey, what are you doing?
Look what they did. Look what they did to my house! I turn my back for two seconds, and they put shaving cream all over my door. You, I see you! I'll teach these kids a lesson. Where's that house I put under your sink?
Goodnight, Mr Tanaka.
Oh now, don't tell me you're still mad at him for calling you a phony. Jerry, that was five years ago!
C'mon Seattle, let's go.
Rusty! Rusty!
If that's Sidra, she's talkin' to Salman.
Um, yeah. (glances around the apt.) Oh, uh ... well, how's everything? (clap)
You stubborn, stupid, silly man!
Yeah Yeah I split a case with Newman..I waited all year for this.. Oooh this is fantastic.. Makes your taste buds come alive....It's like having a circus in your mouth.....Take a taste
(to George) Hey, I just spoke to ah, Hilde about your friend.
(pacing back and forth) Ya.
Hey.
"You've got something between your teeth"
Little Jerry's going to get his clock cleaned. I gotta get him outta there.
Oh, I've cut slices so thin, I couldn't even see them.
(from inside Jerry's apartment) OK! (door opens)
Freeze, mother!
Right now there six-hundred Titleists that I got from the driving range in the trunk of my car. Why don't we drive out to Rock-a-Way and hit `em-----------(very over excited) into the ocean! Now picture this.... we find a nice sweet spot between the dunes, we take out our drivers, we tee up and (he makes a golf stroke), that ball goes sailing up into the sky holds there for a moment and then....... ..... gulp!
(from outside) Hello?
All right, I'm going in.
Well, why go to a fine restaurant, when you can just stick something in the microwave? Why go to the park and fly a kite, when you can just pop a pill? (looks around Monk's) Listen, you guys haven't seen Lloyd Braun, have you? I'm supposed to meet him here.
Yeah. (putting hand to his mouth, hatching a thought)
The guy's got a fat fetish. Spector never dates a woman under two hundred-fifty pounds.
Tell me about it!
Oh, you know, oats and hay. You know, they like that stuff.
Ok!
No I gotta talk to him, I know that he can help me, Jerry.
Why?!
Hey, d'you see that car? Looks like Jerry's. I'm gonna check out that license plate.
No, no, no. It's not the sex, Jerry. (noticing Morty and Helen) Heyy! Seinfelds.
Hi. Ahh...these are soft seats.
You'd think...
Oh, you missed it, buddy - lot of femininas - some major femininas
Hey! So, hear anything on the yogurt?
Gonorrhea!
You know you're going to.
It was full. I tried a few other places, you know, but that didn't work. I mean it was an emergency Jerrry. I was really percolating... So I decided to run home through the park and then these two guys they stopped me and...
Oh, hey, and by the way, uh, that walkman was broke when you gave it to me.
(closing the door) Yeah, you can send that bike over any time.
Does your girlfriend have to be here?
Lit _ tle Jer _ ry!
I've had it with 'em.
They're on a different flight. They're scheduled to land in a half hour, only at Laguardia.
Why not?
Oh, yow, oow Ah!
(rising) Flat out refused! (walks past Jerry, who moves his legs)
Checking out the staff picks, Miss Benes?
Hey, don't you worry buddy. I made double prints.
Well, I'm Cosmo Kramer, I'm one of the producers.
So, I noticed you bounced a check at the bodega.
No, taste it. Taste it.
Wooo, you know what you just did? You let a burglar in the building.
Sold. Follow me into the dressing room.
Oh! (turns on the Merv Griffin theme music) Heeeyy! Well, ladies and gentlemen! It's our good friend, George Costanza! What a surprise!
75,000 lira? Are you out of your mind?
(Ringing his wind chimes) Right after the fireworks.
No, we're in the same class.
oh... (goes to the bedroom)
Ooh, so...I understand you're buying your shoes now at Botticelli's.
Where are they?
So, I'm chasing these doves down the street and she's screaming at the top of her lungs, and then when the magician comes back from Europe, two of them turned brown! Well I followed the instructions!
Well, you're pregnant.
Yeah, I've seen you in everything you've done.
Hey, Jerry? You're a smart guy, right?
Wait, wait, . . .y-yea, w-no dit dit g- (Kramer noises)
Hey, hey, hey, hey, that guy can't even go to the bathroom in South America!
Ahh. Everyone just settle down. We have three hours left on this thing, and I can't drive and argue with you rubes all at the same time. Okay. Lomez's place of worship is right on the right here.
Of course its a good idea, its my idea. I conceived this whole project two years ago.
All right, gentlemen, I scouted it out. I think we can get out over there.
"There's no candy around here. hey! Jimmy."
Yeah, yeah..
Three quarters of a tank.
Jerry, what is your problem?
No, Mickey, he swallowed twelve aspirin.
(aggressive) Is that all you got?! Hah? Is that all you got?!
Whooooa! here's the director Jerry Seinfeld . Jerry , you discovered Elaine Benes?
Oh, that's it. They have gone too far. They keep pushing me, and pushing me. Now I got no choice but to go down there... and talk to them.
Hey, Mrs. Seinfeld. Hi
He'd be perfect for my movie. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. (takes a deep breath) I gotta go over there, I gotta give him a copy of my treatment.
He's proposing a plan where everyone in the city should wear name tags.
