Anything is welcome, I accept change.
Who am I? Who am I supposed to be?
All right, all right, just hold it right there.
I'll pause it, okay? (Pauses the tape with the remote.)
This fruit isn't for you.
Restitution? You want restitution? Why should I give you restitution?
You know the story of Pagliacci, Nedda?
Why didn't you just read the book?
Hey, you got a bad peach? That's an act of God. He makes the peaches. I don't make the peaches, I sell the peaches. You have a problem? You talk to him.
Really?
Do you think I?m a clown, Nedda?
What are you doing here?
Pagliacci kills his wife.
(answering machine message)'Jerry, Joe Divola. I have a hair on my tongue'
Here's some nuts.
Were you able to get those opera tickets to Pagliacci from that friend of yours? I'm really looking forward to it.
Excuse me
All right, get out!
It's Binaca.
You think I don't know huh? Mangos, plantains, plums with the red on the inside, that's Kramer!
I developed them myself in my dark room. Would you like to see?
Remy, this is George. Would you mind if he watched Breakfast At Tiffany's with us? (George smiles at Remy. Remy looks at Joe doubtfully.)
No, I don't want your business and from this moment you're banned from the store, you're banned!
So what do you want me to do?
(getting up then shouting) SIC SEMPER TYRANNIS! (he jumps over a balcony and on the stage. The crowd is yelling)
The lights are fine. (George shrugs, and the movie begins.)
How's it going?
Why
And I don't need people like you looking down their noses at me. I am just a street performer out here trying to make enough to get by.
Do you like it? My home is a shrine to you.
I took them myself with a telephoto lens. Coming out of your office, your apartment, shopping, showering.
I don't want any money.
Well, I was going to watch it with my daughter. She likes Audrey Hepburn very much.
Aw, that's too bad.
You're not leaving
You know, you could just say no, you don't have to humiliate me. I may be dressed as a clown but I am a person.
This is George Costanza.
He's a clown whose wife is unfaithful to him.
What's the difference?
Yeah.
Well let me put a solution for ya do your business elsewhere, I don't want your business.
You've betrayed me with another, haven't you, Nedda? Who is he. I want you to tell me who he is. I want his name. Tell me his name.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
I stand behind my fruit.
I'll tell you something else I don't what your business anymore either.
(through the opened window's cab) Good luck on the pilot Jerry. (the cab pulls away)
You people make me sick.
I know, I like to encourage intruders.
What, are you showing off to your girlfriend here, is that it?
