Oh, that one. She's been a member of the board longer than anybody. She's very tough to deal with.
I sure did. Raincoats were my business. The Executive was a classic, these haven't been made in twenty years.
You gotta jiggle it a little bit. I jiggled it. I jiggled it for fifteen minutes.
I wanna tell you. This is one of the most thoughtful gifts anyone's ever given me.
I tell you, he bought it for me!
I'm sorry, we can't go back to Florida.
My idiot son could open that garage door.
Helen, did you know that they tape this thing in the afternoon?
Maybe a couple of muscle relaxers would help.
(oblivious to the above) Two exact same watches. He tells you a week, and him a day. How could that be? Something's fishy about this.
Low flow? I don't like the sound of that.
(Morty gets up) Oh! I forgot all about it.
Well, maybe you better make a pot of tea, too.
Tell your parents we said 'Hi!' (They leave)
Morty Seinfeld. I cut velvet for forty years with Harry Altman.
Hey Jerry, look at this. My seat's got a memory, in case somebody moves it. I could be in prison for five years. I come out, my seat goes right back to where I like it.
I got a guarantee on that watch. Give it to me, I'll take it back to where we got it.
We saw Regis Philbin get out of a limousine.
What're you talking about? You had a cheque bounce at the bodega.
You got enough here for a life sentence.
Well then what do they make appointments for if they can't keep them. Huh, hha. Look if I did that in my business I wouldn't have made a nickel.
By the time we sit down, it'll be quarter to five.
Make sure Kramer uses good tape when he sends back the raincoats.
So, when do I get to see the doctor?
Hey! You know what these cost, they're like 80 cents a nut.
I keep telling her it's like an oven in here.
Don't tell me about business! I sold raincoats for thirty-five years!
(walking back out of the room) Don't tell your mother.
Jerry have you ever seen any of those impressionist paintings?
What? Im gonna buy a new sport jacket now?
Listen, is it all right if we move in with you for a little while? Sounds of breaking glass, Jerry dropped his bottle.
Cheap fabric, and dim lighting. That's how you move merchandise.
They should have put that show on 5 years ago. Bunch of idiots at that network. Can I tell you something, Jerry? It's all crap on TV. The only thing I watch is Xena the Warrior Princess. She must be about six-six.
Bye bye. (hugging Jerry) Thanks again for the wallet.
Maybe we can get an army transport flight. They got a base in Sarasota, I think.
From Maryland. The one who brought you the chocolate covered cherries you didnt like.
Know body died. Jack I want you to do me a big favor. (Jerry holding up some cards looking at his father) In my garage there are a couple of boxes.
You should be! How could you spend two hundred dollars on a tip calculator?!
Don't worry. I'll get to the other functions. (trying to open it) I can't get it open.
Those are my coats. I saved them, I stored them, I've been waiting years for this pay off.
(searching in a kitchen drawer) What happened to the scotch tape? Who takes the scotch tape? Nobody returns anything around here.
You know what this means, dont you? We lost the Supersaver. Those tickets are non-refundable.
Hey! Look at this, a wallet. Exactly what I needed, y'see.
Do you know what the interest on that fifty dollars comes to over fifty-three years?
Look at this. It's a book. Employer's address. Whydo they need this? You know I never had a back problem until that night I slept on the convertible sofa. (hu hu) My back was fine.
Yes, I'm sure. I went in to get my X-Ray, Somebody takes my wallet. Is that the operation here?
I'm very comfortable working outta the house. I have a phone, we have a Kinko's nearby. You know, I think that my resume speaks for itself.
Alright. Next thing on the agenda, the restoration of the fence at the Briarwood gate. At the present time, we are still accepting bids.
George is right. Those people will try to get away with murder. Believe me. They're all crooks.
The service was slow. And God forbid they should refill the water. How does 12.4% sound?
(coming into the hall) This is the home stretch. Tomorrow's the election!
You don't understand fashion is cyclical this thing could come back.
You don't understand, you gotta have a buffer zone.
(holding Jerry's shoulders) Jerry lives in New York. You just came from New York, didn't you?
I'm not interested in the X-Rays. I want my money back. Somebody stole my wallet. I had $225 in there.
I came home one night, and I tripped over one of Jerry's toys. (Jerry smiling points to himself and nods with cards in his hands) So I took out my belt just to threaten him, and I got a glimpse of myself in the mirror.
Doesnt sound like youre friends to me. If you were friends you'd-youd ask her for the number. Do you know where this other one works?
You know Jack, do me a favor will you? Take the pen and the scotch tape, and get the hell out of here!
So what, why is that worth twenty-five percent? It's a finders fee. You know what a finders fee is?
No no, the luggage is on the program. I got a brick in here.
Go to the building. She goes out to lunch, doesnt she?
Well you don't have to retract it because we never went.
Hey, I agree with him. Nobody likes a kid with a pony.
Oh! Oh! That feels good. Hey! This guy charges a hundred bucks an hour but I'm telling ya he's worth every penny OOOOHH!
Alright alright, goodbye. (Morty hangs up the phone, Jack hangs up the phone) I don't think we are gonna make that flight.
Aw! Aw! Oh my back! Oh my back! It's that bar. Who the hell could sleep on that thing?
I am not interested in his diagnosis. He's a bum.
Finder's fee is ten percent and no more.
So what did you do about the window?
Hoh, here he is. This is the man I wanted you to see. Izzy Mandelbaum. He's eighty years old, but strong as an ox. (pointing) Watch this.
Believe me, I wouldnt bother you if the army hadnt closed that base in Sarasota. Here, scribble a little something here.
(unconcerned) Ach, I never knew what the hell I was peddling with those stupid cartoons and that paper book, anyway.
(to the crowd) He gave my son a pen, and then he takes it back. Tell them about that!
Maybe some people don't like him. I could see that.
Because if you are, you shouldn't. There's nothing available in that development.
Because we had a buyer, and we couldn't get a free flight until now.
(rushing to his bedroom) First, I need a nap.
My son never stole anything. He's a good boy.
No, no put it away . . .
This is some building, Harry Fleming used to have an office here. There was a deli on the first floor. You don't get corned beef like that anymore. What happened to that deli?
Good. O.K. (the photographer walks away) What about last year when I took him to the hospital every day? Did he ever say thank you?
Say those are some nice pants. I got a pair just like them at home.
Well, if he fixes my back I'll be happy. . . . (back to the form) Have you ever had a sexually transmitted disease? That's IT! . . . Here, you got my name, you got my address. That's enough.
Because the Costanzas are moving into Del Boca Vista.
Look, I don't want anything to go wrong. If this woman votes to impeach me, I'll be a laughing stock.
Attaboy! Helen, Jerry got me a hot Wizard computer!
(checking pants) They stole my wallet. The bum stole my wallet. (opens door, shouts into the hallway) MY WALLET'S GONE! MY WALLET'S GONE! I had my wallet in my back pocket. It's gone.
Oh my God! She's gotta make a big deal out of everything.
Your mother doesn't like my taste in clothing.
Jerry, I wanna tell you that meal was the worst.
All this? This whole thing? It's going to take me forty-five minutes.
Hey! Under Siege is on again. Whose up for it?
Its nothing. I got it. So, how are your levels coming along?
D'you realise, an above-average performing growth mutual fund for fifty-three years...
Besides, it's not stealing if it's something you need.
(to Leo) I don't understand this jeweller, Jimmy Sherman. (indicates Jerry) He brings in a watch, it takes over a week to fix. He fixed yours in one day.
What are you talking about? I'm the one who should have called the police. They stole my wallet.
because she puts up such a big stink every time I have a piece of meat.
What are you talking? Jeffrey works for the parks department!
You stick up for that sofa like I'm criticizing a person.
That's right. My son bought it for me.
Look at this. Look at how this idiot packed it. He didn't tape it, he just flipped the flaps. (Kramer, Morty and Jerry are looking around grabbing raincoats which are scattered all over the place.) Kramer you missed a couple.
(unpanicked) There's already an ambulance here for Mrs Glickman. There's room for one more.
Well, it's getting kinda late, why don't we uh...
Take it easy, I've been through a million of these negotiations.
There are twenty people on the board. Thank God you can get that deal.
They're good around the house -- and they're good for outside.
I'm still going to Paris. I got a big deal cooking here.
Hey! This is the kind of room Sinatra stays in. Hey! look , Macadamian nuts.
Because of his moths you're not buying my raincoats?
Aah! (Jack leaves) The nerve of that guy! Taking back that pen. Well that's it for them.
How the hell am I gonna pay for this?
Jack can afford to give away a pen with all his money. Believe me. He gives me a check for 19.45. He didn't have a Coke. Ho, ho, ho!
Just do it first thing tomorrow. I need it.
That's right. Have you ever heard of anything like that?
I'm sorry Leo's moving back here. I'm not ready to go back to Florida.
You know what the flight backll cost us?
Well, she cant be too mad. Shes still coming to the wedding.
Izzy used to work out with Charles Atlas in the fifties.
You gotta pull on the knob as you turn it.
You what I'll do next time? I'll hide it so nobody can find it.
Oh, yeah, I'll be lying on an X-Ray table with my wallet in my mouth.
So that night I cut off the loops and the Executive was born.
My son bought me the car. It's a present.
Well, I, as your president, have to find the best price, and right now, I for one, do not think it's cost-feasible.
Well, I sold raincoats in the garment centre for thirty-eight years. In nineteen forty-nine...
You know Jack, you've got a hell of a nerve taking that kid's pen.
I don't have it. I'll mail you one.
You don't say? You know I have boxes of those sitting in my garage in Florida?
Then who the hell said you couldn't have any? I mean what the hell do I care whether you have sponge cake?
Hey, these are very comfortable pants. You know what I paid for these Jerry?
Twice! And Dembrow doesn't even know you. His son happens to live on your floor.
You see, he had the right idea. Hold out. That's how you get the big money, huh George? (slaps George on the shoulder)
You know what my greatest moment was, dont you? Nineteen-forty-six. I went to work for Harry Flemming and I came up with the idea for the beltless trenchcoat.
They're not kicking me out. You don't have the votes.
What are you talking about? What was I supposed to hide it somewhere?
Look, if we're gonna stay here until all hours of the night, can we at least get some food here?
So, you stand in the lobby, by the elevator, and wait for her to come down for lunch.
(to Helen) You don't want it? Are you kidding?
Oh, you don't see. You don't see. Well it happened. Believe me.
Yknow Jerry, its a good thing I wasnt so particular.
(from outside the door; singing) I could have danced all night (entering with Helen) I could have danced all night and still have
Just a second. (Goes to grab the phone)
(trying to press the cheque on Jerry) And we want you to have the money.
No, your mother found it. Son, this is the most wonderful and thoughtful thing you've ever done for me.
Now Jerry please, do not do this to your father. Over my dead body Jerry. I'll tell you right now, you're not going to do it.
The whole movie was in black and white.
I say the guy was painting without his glasses.
That had nothing to do with it, the man was out of shape.
Yeah. They give you a tenderloin, a salad and a baked potato, for four-ninety-five. You know what that cost you after six?
(standing) Okay, I'm done. I'll be back in the morning, when he's close to finish with his story.
That's what the city's turning into. They'll steal anything.
You dont understand, Ive never paid a full fare.
I'll tell you what I'm looking at the next condo president of Del Boca Vista, Phase Three.
Hey! I do you like this? Huh, huh!
Well, we just bought a new place down there.
Ahh! Ahh! So YOU got the scotch tape! I've been looking all over for it!
I'll call Jack Klompus, he's got a key to the garage. He can send them overnight delivery.
Stay on 95 South to Biscayne Boulevard. Then you make a left turn. Put you blinker on immediatly, there's an abutment there. Then you're gonna merge over very quickly, but stay on Biscayne. Don't get off Biscayne. You understand me?
(Jerry comes out of his room, having just woken up) Rise and shine, sleepy head! Ha ha!
No, we just came for the funeral. `
Only twenty-five minutes a day, and you can attach it to any doorknob.
(comes to the kitchen and with a loud voice) Why are you whispering?
(opening his tracksuit top) See what I'm wearing?
Youve got your degree. They dont care. They just want to see something.
HaAhhh! The Velcro. I can't stand Velcro. It's that t-e-a-r-I-n-g sound. I used to be in raincoats. I refused to put that in any of my lines.
Anyway there are these three big boxes, you can't miss them. I want you to ship them here to New York for me.
Jerry, what time do we have to be at the the Tonight Show on Thursday.
You don't understand. I can't allow my son to pay for me. Look, as soon as I get back to Florida, I promise you I'll mail you a check.
I dont know her either. (gesturing to Helen) She makes me fly all the way from Florida for this, and then she criticizes my jacket.
How the hell do you work this thing?
Look, I got a few good years left. If I want a Chip Ahoy, I'm having it.
Jerry, this is Del Boca Vista's new physical fitness room. They got medicine balls, you can bike ride, anything you want.
No, no, he won't let me do that.
Aw, Jerry. I should be buyin' you presents.
I haven't been able to reach him. Hey I'll call him right now.
(standing) Okay. Tomorrow, Jerry and I will visit Izzy and apologise. Now, goodnight.
(looking around) This is some office. What's the square footage?
Would you excuse me please, we're conducting business here.
No proof? We'll get him. He's a crook, sooner or later, he'll slip up.
(eating lunch with Helen and Jerry) Another fine meal, and now for my Wizard tip calculator.
Yeah, looks like you're getting a little spare tire there, tiger.
Nothing. Batteries. (Jerry scoffs) Well, they wear out so quick.
Where do you come off with this crap?
Barefoot in the clubhouse? Don't you realize this is against the rules.
I'll tell you how crazy I am, I'm gonna pay for this whole trip with these coats.
You know I've been thinking, why is Kramer getting twenty-five percent?
(to Helen) Slept on the job? (she shushed him)
(Morty goes on louder! Did he ever whisper in any episode? -) Why do you need more friends? You've got plenty of friends.
(to George as he is about to leave) Hey give 'em our best though.
You won't regret this, Miss Benes. What time should I be in? I get up at four, I could be here as early as four twenty-five.
Who's off the street? I'm in the raincoat business for thirty-five years.
Don't you think he had to be uh near sighted? I mean know body would paint like that if they could see. It's all out of focus.
This is my son Jerry, from New York. (leaning toward Sid) He thinks he can lift more than Izzy.
(depressed) You know what this funerals gonna wind up costing me? Oh boy!
(noticing Kramer's coat) Look at that, Helen do you see what he's wearing? That's the Executive.
No, no, no. He knows how to talk to these people. No-one's gonna take advantage of Georgie. (slaps George's shoulder again)
How would you feel if we sold the Cadillac?
Jerry, I'll tell ya. The first thing I'm gonna do when I get back to Florida is take a shower.
He's not gonna return the pen. That's ridiculous.
(loud) Tell them when you took my son's pen back. Tell them about that! (he gets up)
I want to know what kind of an office this is where you can't leave your pants in the room. You tell me.
So, I can use it in the restaurant to figure out the tip?
That's the second time you said "personal favor". Why do you keep saying that?
I told her you'd get married. She thought you'd never do it.
That's giving it away. This is a one of a kind item.
I dont know how youre going to be comfortable like that.
No-one's ever been impeached before. I couldn't live here. We'd have to move to Boca.
Well what's the difference we'll go some place else.
All right, all right, Let's go already. They keep you in here a year. They don't give a damn. I could die in here. . . .(open the door and shouts into the hallway) Excuse me! Excuse me! What's going on? I'm here twenty minutes. Could somebody please help me.
What kind of clip joint are ya running here?
Hey! Leo, get this, four movies at once; Pay Per View.
Hi, Morty Seinfeld. I have a two o'clock appointment.
