(turning toward her) No, I could've called the travel agency, got them on another flight to Paris, I coulda got them out.
You know (to Morty) I have a friend who works at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. How would you like a behind the scenes tour?
Oh. (getting into Jerry's face) How about you Jerry?
(up in Helen's face) Easily
I could've done more. I could've done so much more.
I was able to finagle two more tickets to "My Fair Lady" and I thought why not ask Morty and Helen.
And that Morty, I'll tell ya that guy is full of life. (laughs) He was convinced Monet was near sighted. I kept telling him
(Laughing) Well see you later.
(Moving toward the door) Alright. We're off.
(gets closer) Of course not.
(to the Flight Agent) They'll get dehydrated on the plane! Get the Seinfelds some water. Please! Please!
See everybody later (Morty and Helen leave; Aaron closes the door blowing Elaine a kiss)
Helen really seemed to respond to Renoir. I think she really connected to the way he painted children.
No, it was fun.
Oh you must be Kramer (advances on Kramer to close to his face Kramer walks back into the fridge to avoid him and falls to the ground) I've heard about you.
We can make a whole day of it.
Are you sure you can't stay a little longer?
How about right now?
Yes.
Oh, no, it's a gift. (looking toward Elaine) from us.
Ah Jerry you would not believe the time we had.
Ah
Yea, they bought me a coke.
(getting up in Aaron's face) Hey Joanne. (turns to Elaine and goes over to her) Hey
(holds his arm up) This watch, this watch could've paid for their whole trip. (holds his other hand up) This ring, this ring is one more dinner I could've taken them out to. (Jerry and Elaine look at each other like he's crazy) Water, they need some water (turns around and runs to the Flight Agent)
Thank you.
Well, they were in from out of town, I thought they would enjoy it.
You sure? You could examine the art work up close.
Yes?
Buh bye.
(walking over to Elaine and getting into her face) Elaine what do you say?
I love France, (moving over to Morty's face) I was just there last year. In fact, you know I still have an envelope full of French Franks, I'll give 'em to ya.
(getting up in Helen's face) So how long you folks in town?
