No. e-Elaine.
Right, right. (starts to take the paper from Elaine's hand; Elaine holds on tight.) What, what are you doing?
We have got you in a very nice hotel, I-I don't know how you like to work, but ah, I can arrange for an office if you like.
It-no- it's just her sense of humor.
Well, I got a plane to catch.
I hate exclamation points...
Elaine
I've been saving it for the plane. I never miss the Sunday sports section.
(accepting) I could use a new pair of reading glasses.
(correcting her) Boo-eed.
It's no secret that it's my dream to have my own publishing house, and if this Jake Jarmel book does, you know, what I think it's gonna do. If I can get this whole thing off the ground, then , you know, I think I'll have something for you. (laughs)
What book?
Yeah? Could you help me bring it up to my office, I'm right next door. Pendant Publishing.
Uh, I'm just uh, redecorating my office in a south-western motif and this'd be perfect. Give you five hundred dollars for it?
Yeah.
YesTurn it off.
(into phone)...yeah, yeah. But she wouldn't take the cap off? (beat) But didn't she know they were the owner's seats? (beat) Aw, that's unbelievable. (beat) Yeah. Okay. Alright Lenny, thanks again. Take care. (hangs up the phone, and then, to Elaine) That was Lenny West, my accountant, who is a hell of a guy. And he handles the Yankees too; it's his biggest account. So every once in a while they throw him a couple of seats and last weekend he gave them to his daughter. She's an artist, by the way. Anyway, her daughter gives 'em to some friends, you know. One of her friends shows up wearing a Baltimore cap! (beat) You're from Baltimore, right?
How's your father?
Yeah, so Lenny gave me the tickets for tomorrow night. I'm inviting Frank and Marsha. 'Wantcha to come.
No its the Button. Elaine
Yeah, but you're an Oriole fan, right?
Good. (Elaine stars to leave) Oh--and Elaine. You know the Baltimore cap you got in your office? Wear it. I'm gonna have a little fun with him.
Yeah. You, you went to see him, right?
The one at the top.
Get rid of the exclamation points...
Anyway, she refused to take the cap off; caused a whole big scene!
Oh, actually I, uh, I have some very interesting information on that. (puts on glasses) You know, uh, this is a co-venture and as...
Yeah? (to Elaine) You see, this is the kind of idea you should be coming in with. What the hell do you do round here all day anyway?
What?
Yes I did. Yes I did. ... Maureen this water is still too cold.
(ignoring Elaine) God, that Indian really completes the room. Don't you think?
Uh, excuse me. Are you uh, selling this Indian?
About coffee tables?
I was just uh going over the Jake Jarmel book and I understand you worked with him very closely on this.
And uh, anyway I was just reading your final edit and um, there seems to be an inordinate number of exclamation points.
Yeah, by the way, those are great glasses.
That's simply not true.
Oh, Rubin, get me another tray of lowfat cranberry.
I see, (reads another excerpt) "I pulled the lever on the machine, but the Clark bar didn't come out!" Exclamation point?
You know, Tolstoy use to write in the village square. The faces inspired him.
So, that's the type of guy you're looking for?
It (frustrated and trying to keep her from saying more)
Oh, no no no. (waves them away) Please.
You said "boyed."
Uh-huh. So, what was wrong with him?
But--but he's feeling better now?
Well, break 'em. You missed the bris, I want you at the game.
... as such, it...
Going to Houston. It's a publisher's convention. (beat) Can I have my sports section?
Uh huh. Very unusual.
You put exclamation point after sweatshirt?
Ah, (reads an excerpt) "It was damp and chilly afternoon, so I decided to put on my sweatshirt!"
(entering, smoking a cigar and with a handful of cash) Listen uh, petty cash just had tens and twenties. (hands cash to Kramer) Go ahead, count it.
I renounce Judaism!
Really?
Gotta go.
You are wrong. I'll prove it.
No Its Not!!
Yes.
It's coming from your purse.
Yeah Ohoo.
Yeah.
Its Not
Uh-huh.
Oh.
(putting on spectacles) Oh yeah?
You like that, huh? I had that custom made for me in Santa Fe.
That's fantastic. (Elaine looks gobsmacked) Who's your publisher?
(confused) Where... what?
(at lectern) And now, uh, ladies and gentlemen of the press, it is my pleasure to introduce you to Mr Jake Jarmel. (he applauds Jake as he vacates the lectern in his favour)
Elaine,
