Yeah, yeah. You really cashed in on that favor pretty quick.
Because. There was a lot of cake lying around the house. Just sitting there going with all the excess milk from all the experiments [grins]
Well, I was 14 years old. I was in my friends bathroom. His mother's brassieres were hanging on the shower rod and I picked it up, studied it. I thought, I like this. I didn't know what way or what level, but I knew I wanted to be around brassieres.
Listen, you go over to the ticket counter, I'm going to go stop in the gift shop and pick up a copy of Time magazine. There's supposed to ba blurb about Jerry in it and I think he mentioned my name!
Of course I'm not Cartwright! Look, why don't you two just go to the movies all by yourselves, I'm not in the mood.
Let's see, How I'm very good at going in reverse in my car, why isn't Postum a more popular drink,
Now she thinks we're gay, not that there's anything wrong with it...
I'm sorry I'm sorry, here's the test. Thanks again for doing this - hhe.
I can't get a massage from a man.
You know, like all the comedians always say, 'How would you like it if I came to where you work and heckled you?'
Does the heater even work in this car?
What I don't get is, just because the battery is dead, you think she'd be able to roll up the hill with her hands!
How could anybody be so selfish and inconsiderate!
This is not a Metallica concert, it?s an opera alright, a little dignity, a little class, just give me my ticket, I will stand over here and sell it.
you said "step off"? wow, that is too much hey..huh hey (George turns the cap his wearing backwards like Tony) Tony, I huh, I just had this brainstorm for us. Can you guess what it is?
(Praising Leo's stealing) Alright, Leo! Stickin' it to the man!
(tearing out cheque) Yeah, same time. (hands over cheque) There you go.
She knows there is nothing to talk about.
(singing) Oh hey, if you happen to see the most beautiful girl who walked out on me. Tell her I'm sorry. Tell her I need my baby ... oh won't you tell her ... I love her. Oh hey, ...
He might as well have! I caught him, and his face was covered in chocolate and cookie crumbs.
Lemme see. I can't believe you got these for free. (Looking at the tickets) Row F?!
(humble) Well, if you must know, shhhe, was my fiance, Susan. May she rest in peace.
The way they make 'em these days, I'll never have to tell her.
I'll tell ya, if I ever get out of here, I'm gonna change my life. I'm gonna do a whole Zen thing. Take up yoga, meditate.. I'll eat right. Calm down, lose my anger.. (Sees Jerry and Elaine aren't listening. He snaps) Hey, is anybody listening?!
Alright look, I'm gonna tell you, but I made a pact with Cynthia, we swore we were not going to tell you and Elaine.
My cousin worked for Bouchard's. They used to use the bouilla-base for a toilet. (Jerry and Russell are shocked.)
Oh, she's got the hue. So, what's going on with you and Melanie? I mean, I know you're not getting married, but uh, things are happening?
So, he's keeping the apartment. He doesn't deserve it, though! Even if he did suffer, that was, like, 40 years ago! What has he been doing lately?! I've been suffering for the past 30 years up to and including yesterday!
I guess she did. He's gone, now I'm the man.
What the hell are you two talking about? (All exit)
(coming back in) Alright, alright. Can we go out and eat?
Oh, thats great. Thats great. By the way I have to apologize for my friend the other day. Friend? Uh, uh I dont even know that woman. I met her on the bus on the way over. I couldnt get rid of her. Uh, My psychic instincts were a little off ..
Oh, yeah. I read what you said to the papers yesterday. You weren't in on the planing. What planning? YOU THINK WE PLANED THIS? Uh?
Alright the administrator's on the third floor. I'll meet you guys back at the car.
(attacking Kramer) How could you give me a defective condom?!
Severance package...The Yankees are giving me three months full pay for doing nothing.
And she'll still see it, you're not stopping her from seeing it.
Don't worry, we'll find something for you. (Knock of Jerry's door)
(clears throat) Maura, I, uh- I want you to know... I-I've given this a lot of thought. I'm sorry, but... we, uh, we have to break up.
Well, I still don't know what I'm supposed to do. I don't even know what my assignment is.
I can't perform under pressure. That's why I never play anything for money, I choke. I could choke tonight. And she works in my office, can you imagine? She goes around telling everyone what happened? Maybe I should cancel, I have a very bad feeling about this.
Oh, well, he was probably just getting anxious to start his vacation.
Of course I'm all right. I'm here with my girl, Nina. And what better way to pass the time than gabbing with my best friend -- with whom there are no secrets. (Flashes two intertwined fingers) Like this. Since the fourth grade.
bowling! what do you say bowling? bowling's insane! bowling is crazy time
I'm gay! I'm a gay man! I'm very, very gay.
What do you mean you didn't think I wasn't gonna use them?!
(jokingly) Well, so, legally, I could marry your daughter.
Nothing, I... said it was a little problem.
I gave her a twenty, she only gave me change for a ten.
Well all right, beautiful, so you stop in. Ya, ya visit the bubble boy for twenty minutes and then we can go.
But Mr. Cantwell, you... you owe me for the soup...
I said 'God bless you'. Was that so wrong?
You heard the man. I guess you gotta be moving your car.
So concerned was he, that word of his poor tennis skills might leak out, he chose to offer you his wife as some sort of mediaeval sexual payola?
I don't know, I just can't. Nobody in my family can pay for parking, it's a sickness. My father never paid for parking; my mother, my brother, nobody. We can't do it.
(puts down handset) Because he'll know I told you. Besides, he's giving me a parking spot around the corner for practically nothing.
I don't know. I do know that I have some kind of a talent - something to offer. I just don't know what it is yet!
She happens to be very good friends with her.
Wait, wait a second, what are you doing?
Yeah. And since you go buy there everyday. I was hoping that we could help each other out.
(on tape, singing) "Believe it or not, George, isn't at home, please leave a mes-saaage at the beep. I must be out or I'd pick up the pho-one. Where could I be? Believe it or not, I'm not hooome." (beep)
On an elevator? You met a woman on an elevator?
"Argh!!..Anyway...Jimmy couldn't be here today so he asked me to fill in for him, and I'm sure that you'll be impressed at what can be accomplished after only a few short days of training.....yeah!"
I thought the thing you said about the sex not being simulated . That was really funny.
Now, you see, I don't get that. We had a relaxed stimulating, great conversation, she doesn't mention it? Why doesn't she mention it?
Well, we would like to be in business. Let's do business. We'll have some business. Let's have business.
It is a horrible company. There's no management what so ever. I could go hog wild in there.
Hey, I just found twenty dollars! I tell you this, something is happening in my life. I did this opposite thing last night. Up was down, black was white, good was -
Oh, what's the point? When I like them, they don't like me, when they like me, I don't like them. Why can't I act with the ones I like the same way I do with the ones I don't like?
Well, at least, I'm not carrying a purse.
Well, they're more than an underwear to me Mr. Farkus. Two cups in the front, two loops in the back. How do they do it?
Oh, well, so what? Laughter - what is that? I mean, what is the point of opening your mouth and going "Ha, ha!"? What is that? "Ha, ha!"?
Yeah! like the big toe is like the captain of the toes, but sometimes the toe next to the big toe gets so big that there's like a power struggle and the second toe assumes control of the foot.
Let Maria Shriver give her a baby shower.
I know. This was like a record. My previous record was when Joni Hirsch asked me not to tell anybody that we slept together. Kept a lid on that for about 28 seconds.
(sitting down next to Jerry) Seeing Maura. Apparently, I was unable to break up beyond a reasonable doubt.
You can stuff your sorries in a sack, mister!
Me? You see what he did here, you see how he tried to sneak into my space?
Hey, they can't go, "Hey! You look fabulous!"
The story is the foundation of all entertainment. You must have a good story otherwise it's just masturbation.
Maura. (starts acting dramatically, looking from Maura to Loretta and back again) Oh, my God! What are you doing here?!
Three days. Well, maybe you caught her on the cusp of a new wash cycle. You know, she did laundry the day after she met you, everything got clean and she started all over again.
Oh. Okay, here it is, I got it. She lost her thumbs in a tractor accident and they grafted her big toes on. They do it every day.
Who says you gotta have a story? Remember when we were waiting for, for that table in that Chinese restaurant that time? That could be a TV show.
Of course I'm back. Why wouldn't I be back? My mother's in the hospital, I'm going to pay her a visit.
We just go up to him, we say, "We're O'Brien."
Oh, I find you so charming. You wuss.
Twelve dollars? I knew we should have gone to the bakery. I guarantee you theyre not getting no twelve dollar cake.
Elaine, when a woman makes a Ball Entrance.. she twirls.
There's elevators all over! It all looks the same.
Boy! What a story! I'm speechless. Speechless. I have no speech.
You want to be with somebody that doesn't like you.
(Holding camera) Look at this, I only have one picture left... How 'bout a shot of me and Mr. Morgan?
Handicap? (gesturing to his cane) Oh, I'm not handicapped.
Good afternoon. One large crab bisque to go. Bread. Beautiful.
I don't know why I bother even talking to you.
Atlantic City? (thinks) Yes! Yes! I will go to Atlantic City. I'm in. I'm down.
I think you absolutely have to say something to this guy. Confront him.
You know this whole thing never would have happened if you hadn't bailed out on me at the restaurant.
(bored to death) Well, I-I just recently uh...
Id like a doggie bag for this please. (hands her plate to the waitress)
Yeah, I know that. (clears throat) Could you start, working?
Shut your traps and stop kicking the seats! We're trying to watch the movie! And if I have to tell you again, we're gonna take it outside and I'm gonna show you what it's like! You understand me? Now, shut your mouths or I'll shut 'em for ya, and if you think I'm kidding, just try me. Try me. Because I would love it!
Well I think it would be nice if there was some kind of historical record of it.
You know, we could go uptown, and that way we could give Jerry a ride home.
Dad, the hinges are all rusted here. That's why the wind keeps blowing the door off.
It says very clearly, 'for your protection, do not give your secret code to anyone.'
Forget about smelling the car. Smell the valet. Go to the source...
(Relieved) I haven't? I'm okay? I'm okay? Oh, thank you, thank you, Doctor! I don't know how to thank you.
I like to stop at the duty free shop.
Yeah, hell be looking at us like hes backstage at a puppet show.
Told me to "Go to hell!" and I took the bus home.
It took a couple of hours of convincing. I was persistent. I was just like those guys in the movies. And it worked! She said "Yes"! I can't believe my luck that she was still available . A beautiful woman like that. You think she's good looking, right?
You can't break up with me. I've got hand.
Then I see my clothes floating out there. The tied took them out, not the kids.
We haven't heard his notes yet, we don't know how he feels about our work. (Russell throws up yet again.)
We've just been through this! You don't remember? We just had this exact same conversation a minute ago!
It's an inter-office envelope. It get passed around all over the office.
Oh. This I need. Hello!! Hello. i..i..is this the hair restoration clinic? ...Does anyone speak English?
Yeah, people who work at NORAD, whore on twenty-four hour missile watch. Everything was going along so great. She was laughing, I was funny... I kept saying to myself, Keep it up, dont blow it, youre doing great.
How would you like a 'Hare Krishna' fist on your throat, you little punk?
There could be more than one O'Brien on a plane who ordered a limo.
Sweet guy (Receives the phone from Beth, Starts to talk to Jerry) Hello
I read somewhere that this Brentano's is the place to meet girls in New York.
Let's say it comes down to me and one other guy. He's got a nice quiet suit, and I'm whooshing all over the place! Who do you think he's gonna hire?
Yeah, yeah, and we started talking, and she's this lawyer who's incredible! Everything I said was funny! You know, she laughed at everything I said, she thinks I'm hilarious. You know in a way, it was almost too good. I started so good, I can't go any place but down now, ya know? I got no place to go.
All right. Well, we'll see what happens to you.
No, she left. Listen, you can't mention any of this to Elaine. Cynthia will kill me, we made a deal.
I don't see why's she more self-conscious about that than her toe thumbs.
Bear with you! This is a parking lot PEOPLE ARE SUPPOSED TO BE ABLE TO GET
Do you? That makes me so happy. Elaine's proud of me Jerry.
You wanna see?! (pulling off the hat to reveal the bald pate) There! There it is! (turning to Newman) Alright, here! You wanna try on the hat?! Here! Try on the hat!
I don't even like to use urinals, always been a stall man.
(oozing fake sincerity) Well, as much as I enjoy all the good-natured ribbing, nothing really makes me happier than spending money on the people I care about.
Oh, I was uh, I was waiting downstairs for the jackhammer, thought I'd drop by.
A drafty apartment? A... sweaterless friend? A ball-game giveaway Metlife windbreaker?
A little notice would've helped! How many people?
"Breakfast At Tiffany's." 90 pages. (Waves a hand like it's nothing.)
(penny drops) Oh, uh, wait a minute, wait a minute. (snorts) Is this about money?
(Putting his hands up) Alright, alright, hold on! (Jerry has George's full attention) Time out! Woah, woah! (Scooting in, giddy) What did she say?
I bet they're probably doing summersaults about us over there. You think they get butler stories like that everyday? (He calls Susan)
I still don't see why you wouldn't eat me. I'm your best friend.
My moneys all tied up in change right now.
So she's just sitting there, she's having a pleasant conversation... and all of a sudden.
Okay, how about this? All right, we get married March 21st, the first day of Spring.
(shouted after Elaine) You know, I got nothing outta this!
The plane's been re-routed *back* to Kennedy. We've got 45 minutes.
This is incredible! This is one of the greatest things I've ever done in my life! I'm gonna call my mother.
How are we gonna get out of here? We need a plan!
Oh, there's a soup stand, Kramer's been going there.
Excuse me, darling, do I detect a Portuguese accent?
I mean, uh... I had fun ice skating.
It gets here when it gets here. Would you stop ridin' me?
You could pet them. They come right out of the water onto the sidewalks.
When are they gonna learn that any news about China is an instant page-turner? (seeing Jerry with a small black device) What's that?
Could there be a native p0roblem in the Caymans? Maybe theres native unrest.
Kramer! You can't go! Who's gonna do the feats of strength?
Well, cause we were just saying we were going to ask you to come up to the country with us this weekend. Susan's father has a cabin up there. But, eh, all right, well.
I didn't shave this morning. I don't feel like myself.
Oh, it's gotta be fifty! Hee hee! You know how much Ted Danson makes, huh?
Well, I'm also an architect. Is that pastrami?
Well, I'm sure at some point between the years 800 and 1200--somewhere--there were two women living together.
I saw "Titanic". So that old woman, she's just a liar, right?
So, they didn't give you a piece of cake? Big deal.
Aw, I've just got to say it once, everybody else gets to say it, why can't I say it?
Who goes to the Super Bowl with their mailman?!
Remember that New Year's party he threw a few years ago? He had that very drafty apartment, you know, I think on Ninth Avenue.
(agitated) Alright, I gotta try and talk my mother into taking him off my hands.
We have no need to speak. We communicate with deep soulful looks.
Sperry Rand Building. 14th floor, Morgan Apparel. Mention my name - she'll give you the key.
Oh no no no no - we have to be in California next week. We're starting a TV show.
He's on the lamb(?), he's on the loose!
Yeah, but they let me go on and on all about the Hamptons, they never said a thing! You don't let somebody lie when they know you're lying. You call them a liar!
(smiling) Listen, I..I..I don't mean to seem forward...
(to the cab driver) Excuse me, do you see anything on my lip here?
I noticed people staring at my head because they like what they see.
So how do you want to do this?
That's exactly what I said, except I used the word "momentum".
Oh... do I have to write him a note or something?
(shouting) What happened to Soda?! I thought we all agreed on Soda.
I know someone wholl do it. Shes good. Shes honest.
Well, you really did it to me this time, Seinfeld. . . . What the hell happened here?
We gotta get something. I don't want to go to that meeting on an empty stomach. Let's get some Chinese. You wanna order it?
No, no, no, I dont want to carry it around all night. Ill pick it up later.
Its Martine. I think hes dying. He tried to kill himself with pills.
Yeahaha, I gave it a shot (pats Jerry on the arm)... So, any word on the "artiste"? (puts a video in the VCR)
I know. And now they want me to bottle it up. It makes me so mad!
Oh, thanks, Bobby. (To Celia) Well, I guess I'll see you in four days.
How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria?
Are you sure? Oh, look who I'm talking to. The president of NBC. (forced laughter)
I'd like to sleep with a LOT of other women.
Excuse me just for a second. ( fixes his hair looking at his reflection in a coffee pot.)
Ah! Health's not good enough. I want more than health. Health's not doing it for me anymore. I'm sick of health.
Yes! Yes! Everybody has to like me. I must be liked!
You're Murphy!! Look, let's just jump out of the car.
I suppose if I had suggested Liam Neeson Day, you'd all be patting me on the back.
I'm bored. She's boring, I'm boring, we're both boring. We got out to eat, we both read newspapers.
Why? Maybe she liked me. I, I mean she was looking right at me. You know, I think she was impressed. You know, we had good eye contact the whole meeting.
I can't believe I get paid for this.
Elaine said your pretty good at this stuff.
Fitted Hat Day! That's what you asked Steinbrenner for?
I bet they have more money than mine.
"It's the Kom Pau ... George likes his chicken spicy."
Excuse me, sir, do you have the time?
And you met her in an antique store! I don't know how you do it!
Uh, good. You know, you might wanna try eating it with one of these. (Holds up lobster bib)
(tormented) Aw, shut up Jerry! Just shut up!
I saw them making out, you can believe it.
(upset) But you can't stay here. There's no place to sleep!
Nah. It's all right. Great! She had a good time.
I'll fake an illness. (Acts it out) My back! My back! I can't believe, my back.
She doesn't deserve a baby shower. She deserves a baby monsoon. She deserves Rosemary's baby!
And she slaves to earn every penny. So that someday, I might be able to walk up to a woman and say, "Yes, I'm bald, but I'm still a good person."
She had an itch. She could have used any one of those fingers. That finger was meant for me.
And you! How many Twix does that make for you, today?! Like, 8 Twix?!
(sitting) Newww tuxedo. For the Pinstripe Ball. Steinbrenner is throwing a huge party at Tavern on the Green, heh!
You, uh, wanted to see me, Mr. Steinbrenner?
(singing; imitating Tony Bennett) You know, Id go from nods to nothing...
I gotta go back to the library and talk to him. I gotta find out if I&Mac226;m the guy who ruined his life.
Ho, ho, ho! Hes got a live one. Hes just reeling his big fish in!
Oh, my god that's Saddam Hussein. The dictator.
I change I change. Two weeks ago I tried a soft boiled egg. Never liked it before. Now I'm dunkin a piece of toast in there and I'm loving it.
Hey, people, people, people, people, people. Not bad, huh? Excuse me.
What's he yelling about? They're stealing jackets here!
You know what this has to do with?
(after hesitating, resignedly) All right. (He sits down and smiles unconvincingly at her)
Because of the day before. It's a long story.
I think that's Mr. Hayman. ...The gym teacher from our High School.
(thinking) Oh my God, it's 701. What have I done? My whole plan is depending on Kramer? Have I learned nothing? How could I make such a stupid mistake? He'll never show up!
Oh no! Im vigilant. Theyll never get me out. Im like a weed, Jerry.
No, no I do. You know it's just...
So the Wig master.......the Wig master said you could stop by the theater tonight.. and he'll show you around.
Allright, I gotta head back right away, I'll-Ill -- I gotta figure something out here.
Nah, the cable's out. What's with you? You look dead.
Hey, maybe this cheating thing is what I could use to ditch Maura.
This is our new Vice-president of Acquisitions, sir.
Besides, what's it gonna cost me? Thirty-eight bucks?
Would you wait a second? Just wait? (They fight over it.)
Because it's really a pretty good little story. Don't you think?
This hat just bottles in the heat, I -I don't even need a coat! It's unbelievable!
I told her. In the kitchen  which was risky cause its near all the knives. I started with the word Listen.
Oh, yeah. Still in good with the ground crew. (Laghs)
OH!!!! What are you, crazy?! Are you, crazy?!
You think she could be an 'it'? Could she be an 'it'?
Anyway, I-I would like to-to pay for the cleaning.
I don't think we should see each other anymore. You're great but I'm I'm riddled with personal problems.
If I do it, will you buy a computer?
Ha, I don't know who she's looking for. I don't know. I'll tell you something. She's very particular, your daughter. Very particular. What is she looking for some big hot shot businessman? Well I've got my pride too. I'm not going to beg her.
(Takes it and throws it out window) Get outta my way!
Oh well, that's, uh, thats just because we're, uh, standing on opposite sides.
You ditched me. That's twice. Now I demand to know what's going on!
I snapped! It was the last straw. (sighs)
Yeah, yeah. That's how they talk in the major league. (laughs)
No, it's doing the same thing to someone that they did to you.
You're telling me. (he walks around and the suit makes a swooshing sound) So, what do you think?
I'm not paying $500 for this! It's a piece of junk!
No...no...no, I hate to tell you this. Youre not gonna see this woman.
How would you find out something like that...wait a minute, what am I thinking? I've got the entire Yankee organization at my disposal.
I don't know where you're getting this from. I....you're serious aren't you? Oh, (laughing) you see? You see, you just don't know my sense of humor. Dan, don't I joke around all the time?
(angry undertone) Oh, I'm gonna give you a Royal bearing. Wait a minute, wait a minute. Lemme get a pack of gum here.
No. Youd be surprised. You dont recover that quickly from a nose job.
(ignoring Jerry) I mean I'm not really working right now.
Yes, she's pretty. What difference does it make?
So, anyway, what's uh, what's the status with, uh...
It's a spanish dish. It's a moulage of fish, an meat with rice. Very tasty.
Never mind. The're done. All I have to do now is redo them. You know if you take everything I've ever done in my entire life and condense it down into one day, it looks decent.
(pleased with himself) You are having problems with your boyfriend and I am meeting you to discuss the situation.
(standing up, still acting) Uhh! I'm caught in my own web of lies! (holds his hands up in surrender)
All right, all right ( Goes to the bathroom)
Well do you want me to take it off?
Because the underwear is pulled up from the back and ... it wedges in..
You never run out, do you? (Jerry smiles.) Where's Kramer? Everything's finished here.
I have a point, I have a point.
Y'know people, we got a situation over here!
(out the window) Keith, Keith, up here. Can you do me a favor? I need you to go to the unemployment office with me. I, I'm Jerry's friend  the guy from the locker room,  I'm the chucker. It'll take five minutes. Wait. Wait.
Well, then, I am gonna have to ask you to turn your key.
Attention Steinbrenner and front-office morons! Your triumphs mean nothing. You all stink. You can sit on it, and rotate! This is George Costanza. I fear no reprisal. Extension five-one-seven-oh.
This is the life! Isn't it, huh, kid?
Well you know what happens with larvae hatch, they-they're everywhere.
There are some people in this room who would have been very happy to never see this briefcase again. There are people in this room who think they can destroy other people's property and get away with it. Well, let me tell you something about those people. They weren't counting on this brain! And this tape recorder.
You know they used to make leisure suits out of this fabric?
But, but I'm disturbed! I'm depressed! I'm inadequate! I got it all!!
No, no. That's just the thing. Anna told me that Elaine said I was one of the worst seeds she'd ever seen.
Yeah, Jimmy why don't you wait outside, you know, play with something.
That's a lot of pressure. Make love to me. What am I, in the circus? What if I can't deliver?
We should have left earlier. I told you.
(angry that she believes Al was right) No he's not right. Al Netchie is not right! Alright I'm canceling the father-son picnic. I don't know what he's gonna do with all that potato salad.
(Gestures for Kramer to shut up) Once again, Antonio, I can't even begin to say how deeply, deeply sorry I am about everything. The job, the cat.. (A lamp breaks) the lamp.
You know, I think I could have played with dolls if their were dolls in the house. It seems like fun to me. It doesn't seem like a gender thing. I think I would like to play with dolls. What's so terrible?
I'm just asking, all they have to do is say no.
Hey, you know what else is playing here? ``Rochelle Rochelle''.
Someday, before I die, mark my words - I'm gonna tell that woman exactly what I think of her. I'll never be able to forgive myself until I do.
Yeah, well, I guess the only thing I can do is go into George Steinbrenners office and tell him he has to give her a raise.
Excuse me. I believe you just ate my Twix bar. It was dangling. And when you purchased your Twix bar, you got a little freebie, and you never bothered to ask why, or seek out its rightful owner.
Well she apologized, and then she wanted to know if we could get together Wednesday afternoon.
I am eating my dessert. How do you eat it, with your hands?
(worked up) I'm aware! I'm aware!! But this is Marisa Tomei, Elaine. An Oscar winner! How can I live the rest of my life, knowing I coulda been with Marisa Tomei? She said I was just her type! She loves short, stocky, balding funny men!
Ovaltine. Have you ever had this stuff? Why is it called Ovaltine?
Yeah, the tenant association has decided to hear my side of the story. So, uh, I gotta kinda get ready. I'll see ya.
I'm not giving you the satisfaction. I'm gonna watch it again...
Ah, shut up, Jerry. My parents think they can ignore me. Heh heh. Well, they better think again.
But Kramer, isn't it a question of hygiene?
I have to talk to Elaine. This cleaing lady is turning the screws on me. She's pushing for this whole relationship thing. She keeps calling me, threatening to go to the boss with this thing, I could lose my job, I gotta do something to keep her quiet.
Look, I am under direct orders from Mr Wilhelm. So if you have a problem with that, maybe you should just take it up with him.
So I spoke a little to your little friend Denise last night.
Mothers say things. My mother goes babbling on and on like a crazy person.
I really think I should have been consulted about this.
Get going? But we haven't really, you know....
I couldn't have breakfast, it was lunchtime! The three hour time difference threw me. I wanted a tuna fish sandwich, they wouldn't serve me tuna fish sandwich, because they were only serving breakfast.
I told you, I told you! Ha ha ha! Ooh ooh!
And it's their anniversary Friday night. I could send them for a hansom cab ride. Y -- you think they'd like that?
Play Now thinks I got problems in both legs. My own personal Rascal, Jerry. On the house.
Did you happen to notice that Julie handed the big salad to Elaine?
Maybe it's some small thing I could change. Like a moustache. Or wearing a top hat, or a monocle, or a..or a cane.
I can't believe what's happening here. She hasn't taken her hands off me all night. She was always friendly around the office, but that was it.
(Munching on a hamburger) This Arbys is good.
March 21st. Hey! So, you're gonna back me on this, right?
Howbout Kramer or Elaine, they don't want them?
Do you ever just get down on your knees and thank god that you know me and have access to my dementia?
(Hands still out, even though they've stopped looking at them) What happened to him?
(worked up) I can't have a cup of coffee with a person?! I'm not allowed to have coffee?!
(a little worried) He uh, he doesn't have the auto shop any more?
So we order lunch, and were talking. Finally, she blurts out how its not working.
She told me she wants-- (Pauses until a woman coming down the stairs passes) She told me she wants me to make love to her.
Oh, I had no choice. She squeezed it out of me! Shed tell me she loved me. All right, at first, I just look at her. Id go, Oh, really? Or uh, Boy, thats, thats something. But, eventually you have to come back with, Well, I love you. You know, you can only hold out for so long.
No, No! She's going out with a friend of mine. It's only courteous that we should try and like each other.
Had to come in and maybe well get together? Had to and maybe?
What are you doing? Where do you think you're going?
So I set up a screening, everyone takes their shirt off and click, I snap me a shot of a bear-chested Kruger.
You want my friend to ask his uncle, a man who just lost his wife of 44 years, for a death certificate so that he can save a few bucks on a flight?
Aah, hey. (enthusiastic) If this works out, forget about it. Vacations together, movies together, dinner together. It..it's almost as good as if I didn't get married.
My parents don't read! They're gonna wonder what a book is doing on the table!
Ah, this is the kind of day that almost makes you feel good to be alive.
I can't believe they actually found your stolen car.
Good. Cause if this is a lie, if this is a joke, if this is your idea of some cute little game we're finished!
(pleading) Elaine, c'mon. Would you just make the call? (indicates the phone) Please, make the call.
Cross the wires? I can't even make a pot of spaghetti.
Yeah, and I - I heard you got on their good side. Now, what'd you do?
But now I have my own market research. Actual Japanese viewers, that love the show! I'm gonna talk to Kramer.
Oh hey, by the way. Do you want a box 'a, Cuban cigars? I smoked one last night. I got nauseous.
Oh, please don't tell me you love me again, Jerry, I can't handle it.
As you will see, the candy bar is paid for, and yet, remains dangling in the machine. (Notices that the Twix slot is completely empty) Hey, its gone. Where is my Twix? (Quickly looks around. His sights fall on the window of a door labeled "Employees Only". The same mechanic from before is eating a candy bar) What?! That guys eatin it!
Your clothes smell just like Pisano's. There's another Italian place on Jerome. Maybe I can fool him.
Pamela?! Awright, I tell you what. You look like nice people, I'm gonna help you out. You want a beautiful name? Soda.
So you're a lawyer. What kind of cases do you handle?
I think she wants me to take her home.
Regardless. I had to walk around for the rest of the party in some cheap Metlife windbreaker. Now, it is payback time.
When are they gonna have the flying cars, already?
Wait a minute, she did a skin cancer screening at Peterman?
(picking up his coat) Awright, I'm heading home.
Hey, I work for Kruger Industrial Smoothing "We don't care, and it shows."
(Quickly making it up) Well, possibly. I wrote an off-Broadway show, "La Cocina." ..Actually, it was off-off-Broadway. It was a comedy about a Mexican chef.
But your life is Peterman's. Now the bus tour, which is real, takes to places that, while they are real, they are not real in sense that they did not *really* happen to the *real* Peterman which is you.
Ya and also I'm afraid that people in that state are finally going to tell me what they really think of me. You know they got nothing to lose what do they care?
She said she liked me. No kiddin' she said that?
You want me to roll six thousand of these?! What, should I quit my job?!
I mean I'm the one who bought it.
What about the whole Christmas spirit thing? Any flexability there?
Oh I was not. The BUBBLE BOY was tried to kill me.
The catering hall screwed up. The wedding is delayed until June. It's like a stay of execution.
Wait a minute. (astonished) You're thinking of moving to Florida again?!
Yup, y'know, they really spruce up the apartment.
Because, if you ever see her and it comes up, we have to be in sync. Hmm?
It's Allison. I dated her right after you. She's obsessed with me.
Why is nice bad? What kind a of sick society we are living in, when nice is bad?
I said faddah, I meant Father. Just a little bit nervous.
Elaine, get off the speaker! (Elaine picks up phone)
She had to be impressed by that conversation, had to! It was a great performance. I am unbelievable on the phone. On the date they should just have two phones on the table at the restaurant, done.
Oh I think I'd go for the back.
What do I do?! What do I do?!
You are not gonna believe whats going on with this woman.
(Interrupting) Anyway, I just wanted to let you know I'm really sorry that happened, and if I can help out in any way, I'll certainly be glad to do that. (Pause) Well, I guess that's about it.
Well, you know, It's interesting, you know, under that pressure, what you're capable of.
I meet this women, Sheila. She works down at the one hour photo pace. She's got this incredible smile. Like she's got extra teeth or something
All right. Okay, tell me what you think about this idea Extend the doors on the toilet stalls at Yankee Stadium all the way to the floor.
He frolfs, he scores...(he drops one invitation on the stairs.)
Reprogram all the buttons, see if he changes them back. You know? The old switcheroo.
Lunch is fine at the beginning then you move on to dinner. you don't move back to lunch. It's like being demoted. I'll never do another crossword puzzle with her again. I know it.
Yeah, when the season starts. Right now, I sit around pretending that I'm busy.
It's a very complicated move! I couldn't remember it all.
What? I'm not eating bread now. I'm off bread.
This is the thing where you go and you have to make your own pizza?
Alright, stop it Kramer, you're freakin' me out. (The waitress comes over.)
Yeah, the super glossy. The best they had.
[studying his jacket] Oh man! Look at this! I sat in gum. Oh, by the way, you owe me seven fifty.
Yeah, it's being framed right now. I don't even know what it costs. (beat) Not, uh, too expensive, is it?
The cashier is at lunch - which is where Id like to be.
Wait a minute. I must have been winking down at the office. That's why Mr. Wilhelm was acting so mysteriouso.
It's not working, Jerry. It's just not working. (sits down next to Elaine)
I love the mirror in that bathroom! I dont know what in the hell it is. I look terrific in that mirror. (George sits.) I dont know if its the tile or the lighting... I feel like Robert Wagner.
(hanging up) All right, Jerry. I'll do it. See ya.
See her tonight. See her tomorrow. Go. Knock yourself out. Shes too crazy for me.
(swerving) Hey! Watch it! Did you see that guy? He just gave me the finger!
(grateful, relieved) Thank you! I'm gonna make you both so happy!
Well nothing. I didn't actually say that. (Karen is still laughing)
Wow! I didn't try that 'til I was 23.
I got another meeting with Reilly. A whole new audience, and I bet I can get him to try that line again.
(Anyway,) on the left--exquisite marble! High ceilings. An' a flush, like a jet engine! (imitates sound) Ha ha!
The truth. you want the truth? It is your earrings It is the chopsticks but it's so much more. You're pretentious. You call everyone by their full name You call my doorman, Sammy, "Samuel" but you didn't even say "Samuel" You went "Sam - U- EL" Papie-eh Mach-eh What is Papie-ay Mach-ay?
So let's say in her mind she witnessed a pick. Okay, so then what?
What are you, Crazy? I can't ask the guy for more cigars after you burned down his cabin!
These old guys, they're up at 4 a.m., by two thirty they're wiped. (animated) How did we get back onto you?!
Yes a cruise, a long cruise, just the two of you.
I love when they touch your arm. I can't get enough of that. Why is that?
Jerry, I felt like a straight man in some horrible sketch. He was riffing! Riffing! On my pain!
'Cause believe me, I would only say this to you and maybe a psychiatrist, maybe. Well, her nose is a little big.
All right Bubble Boy. Let's just play... Who invaded Spain in the 8th century?
I haven't even met the fiancee! Whatever! (Leaves for washroom)
(nervous) Where are you taking me? I was gonna pay for it.
The guy who pitched him the show with the stories about nothing. (snaps fingers) Jerry Seinfeld. Jerry Seinfeld's friend.
(coming back to the table from the bathroom) Oh uh. You ready?
It's like I'm Neil Armstrong. I turn around for a sip of Tang and you jump out first.
You see I disagree. I'd rather be dating the blind. You know you could let the house go. You could let yourself go. A good looking blind woman doesn't even know you're not good enough for her.
(still quiet) Never mind, never mind. I need you to do me a favour. Uhm, remember what we were talking about at the coffee shop earlier?
If she doesnt show up, we cant possibly have dinner with him alone.
Hu, oh. No he thought I was hiding something from him about Morgan.
look at this guy. Does he have to stretch in here?
Isn't polite to say Hello when somebody says hello?
No, they're not funny at all. No, I have no funny friends. I'm the funny one. El Clowno.
And why shouldn't you? Be fresh Stay fresh
They wanna have another meeting? They wanna buy it?! They wanna but it?! Oh! I tell you! We're gonna be rich!! What are we gonna get for this? Fifty, sixty thousand?
Why don't you think before you do something?
She put them in her pocketbook. I guess she took them with her.
Oh (snorts) Articulate....Me? I've never articulated anything, i'm completely incoherent.
(yelling) Awright, let's just stay calm here! Don't get all crazy on me!
I'm gonna go meet Danielle. (grabs his coat) There's a new Neil in town! (triumphant laughter) Hahaha!
What are you talking about.. I WANT MY CAR!!
I believe the doors on the bathroom stalls, here at the stadium, don't offer much by way of privacy. But I was thinking if we extend the doors all the way to the floors......
You know, it's a miracle you're not married. (beat) Hey, I'm not obligated to buy anything, am I?
Yeah. I think we really go something here.
Thats all there is to it. By Christmas day I will be Brother Costanza.
I know, swan dives from twenty floors up, lands right on top. What do I got a bulls eye up there? He couldn't move over two feet? Land on the sidewalk. It's city property.
Ha! (snort) Can you believe it? (amused) I'm supposed to be havin' lunch with her right now at Pomodoro.
Oh, these are my friends, Elaine and Jerry, ... Noel
(pause) Dad! I heard you were in the city the other day!
He's the guy we're the buying the chair for, remember? It was your suggestion.
(grabbing his jacket) Hey oo, I just remembered uh my parents really wanna have you guys over for dinner before you leave town. What about tonight?
Alrighty. Ah ... my last job was in publishing ... I uh got fired for having sex in my office with the cleaning woman.
Of course not! Wash it, dry it, move on!
No, not a racial thing, there really is a resemblance...
So how long has it been in the basement?
Well, Dr, Allenwood, uh...I was hoping to compile an - admittedly, rudimentary - scrapbook of her life. Something that Betsy could have, and hold onto.
Lloyd Braun? What d'you have to meet him for?
You know what I do at the Yankees, when one of these old guys is breathing down my neck?
I am never saying 'I love you' again unless they say it first.
So I said, "Mr. Hayman, It's me george Costanza, JFK, ... " He doesn't move. So I said uh, "Can't stand ya'", "Can't stand ya'" He turns and smiles, the little baked bean teeth. I get up to run away, but something was holding me back. It was Heyman. He had my underwear. There I was on the steps of the 42nd St. library , a grown man, getting a wedgie.
The parakeet in the mirror. That's a good one, Stu.
Why don't you call her agency. Maybe she's been out of town and she didn't get the calls.
There you go, okay? That's my *other* friend's ticket. You happy now? You got two tickets.
I had to say something. (chuckles) I had to say something. Everything was going so well. I had to say something.
Its a Twix! Theyre all Twix! It was a setup! A setup, I tell ya! And youve robbed it! Youve all screwed me again! Now, gimme one! Gimme a Twix!
No, no no. That skips a generation. The baldness gene comes from your grandfather.
(To Susan) I told you it looked like her..
Donna. Oh, youre the one that likes that commercial!
Aren't those the guys that always go crazy and come back with a gun and shoot everybody?
Well, I was exaggerating a bit, just for effect.
Don't you see. She's looking at my pictures.
So you really understand my point about building a rocket and double-parking.
That condom killed me. Why do they have to make the wrappers on those things so hard to open?
(picking up what Frank saw as a mouse) It's the remote.
Right, I got news. You ready? (deep breath) Gary Fogel had cancer.
Dont you think you get more without it?
Why do you have to be so suspicious of every one. This is a great man Zeng Zau, he wants to help bald people.
Can't you think of something. Call in a bomb threat.
Because I'm a cheater! I had to tell you.
(chases after her) Wait a minute! You're--now you're getting a divorce because she's from Long Island?!?!
Ohooo what are we going to do? I'm shaking! I'm shaking!
Oh, no, that's just the old, uh, the old handicap acting up.
All right. All right. Let's not get into panic mode! Let's not make a big deal outta this thing or we're never gonna get through this night.
Oh, that's too bad. I kinda wanted to meet him, seeing as how we look so similar.
Hey, where you just at the health club?
Hmm. What about a hole? You ever put anybody in "the box"?
I know I was just telling them the story.
(laughs hysterically, gesticulating wildly) This is all blowing up in my face! My serious girlfriend, and my torrid love affair have accidentally crossed paths. I have ruined three lives... (grabbing coat) Well, I understand if you never want to see me again, so... (points towards door)
Did you see that? The guy's walking away. What is wrong with you? That was a three hundred dollar profit.
Dont insult me, my friend. Remember who youre talking to. No ones a bigger idiot than me.
Kramer, I, I, I, uh, I need to talk to Jerry privately.
(to Jerry) You watch the old videos. (insistent) I'm telling you, look at him.
(To the store owner) Excuse me, what do you think of these?
(Putting his jacket on) I'd like to apologize. I want to tell him I.. I.. didn't mean to get him in trouble.
Yeah, the neck hole thing, and I would appreciate it if you would say you're sorry.
He's got a gun! He's got a gun! Get out of the way! (Tries to flee the bar in a mad panic. The audience in the club also goes nuts and heads for the exits. Jerry stands onstage, perplexed.)
Well it's tough to get a good read but I think if I brought him a chair, he'd sit.
(Nervous) Wh-what are you talking about? That - that's rediculous.
What are you gonna do with all of them?
Wha-Is that the one your parents gave you?
Well, here you go. What do you think?
Probably. They all do. In my high school, half my graduating class had them. Of course, I'm from Long Island, so...
You never should have taken away his keys!
Well it's not my fault. Seinfeld can't drive. How hard is it to follow somebody?
I don't know if you're ready for it.
Oh, I had it perfectly timed out the Grand Central, the Van Wyck! You destroyed my whole timing!
You are gonna love this car. Even if you don't like Jon Voight.
No, no. I-I just want us to be... together.
I never assisted in a birth before. Its really quite disgusting.
No, no. No, no, no. (determined) We're staying on me. We haven't solved anything yet.
This is very hard to follow with all the talking.
Exactly! You know how they get animals to reproduce in captivity? They just put them in the same cage.
Hi. I'm ah, I'm here to see a Mr. Art Vandelay..
Yeah, yeah. You must have squirted a piece of pulp in it too.
Well I guess that's because I wear boxer shorts.
Hey, Jerry, what was the name of the exterminator who fumigated your apartment when you had fleas?
Well why don't you get a hold of it and change what you don't like.
How could it still smell after all that?
(Frantically) Did anybody call here asking for Vandelay industries?
(attempting sincerity) As much as I'd like to see the two of you living it up in a warm, tropical, setting, I, I would just miss you too much. (smiling) So, I've decided, I want you to stay.
All right, come on, come on, let's go. Six dollars.
You know, I could let it go for.. say.. a hundred and twenty-five.
Allright, very good I'd like my car and my deposit back please
I had a little tiff with Bonnie about the roommate.
(to Jerry) Whos going to play left field?
I don't know. He can be so weird sometimes.
Of course, I'm the result of my parents having stayed together, so you never know. (Russell comes out of the bathroom.)
Well then, from out of nowhere, a huge tidal wave lifted me, tossed like a cork and I found myself right on top of him, (ELAINE gasps quietly Ahhhh) face to face with the blow-hole. I-I, I could barely see from the waves crashing down upon me but, I knew something was there so I reached my hand in, felt around and pulled out the obstruction!
I don't think we should see each other any more.
Excuse me, are you the guy with that funny laser?
Alright, then. We've gotten to the bottom of that.
I tell ya, I am hooked on these books on tape.
Pst. (moves in close with Elaine and Jerry) Wilkinsons got a bite on a new one. Petramco Corp. Out of, uh Springfield. I think. Theyre about to introduce some sort of a robot butcher.
Wait a second, wait. Why are we together?
Eh, but, you know, Mr. Ross, if - if you look at the whole situating, what with it being your cigars, and everything, it's really rather ironic - one might even say, in a sense, comical.. (Mr. Ross has, by now, left the room. Mrs. Ross is pointing at George, nodding, laughing. As if to say he hit the bullseye. George calls out to Mr. Ross) Really. Think about it.
(Sarcastic) Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna move in with him. He doesn't even let you use the toilet!
(bursting out of the bathroom, fumbling with his fly) Button fly! Why do they put buttons on a fly? It takes ten minutes to get these things open!
Oh, the hell with it. Let him kill me. I..
(yells) Wow! Who put this cup right on the new table!
Well this worked out okay. So are you going to see the police woman?
What, you didn't ask him about the car?
Alright! So, she said, that she could've fixed me up with her.
Then afterwards maybe we could all go out together. Y'know she'll see me with my friends, she'll observe me as I really am, as myself. Maybe I can get some hand that way.
(shouts) Of course there's something wrong! (points at Jerry) We had a pact!
No one hails a cab like me. My hailing technique is unmatched. I get the wrist going from side to side and boom! Cabs are crashing into themselves to just pick me up. (a cab stops) All right, here we go. Let me get door. Feminists aside, I know women like the door holding. Here we are all righty. O.K. Jodi let's get together again real soon and say hello to your sister for me.
I just remembered, th-th-there's this Chinese restaurant out near Yankee Stadium, that puts flyers on all the cars.
ho ho ho ho. You know I only got two weeks left of unemployment. I got to prove I've been looking for a job to get an extension
You think she liked me? She seemed to like me.
Yeah. Hmm. Boy these really do pinch. I tell you, if I ever find the son of a bitch that stole my glasses...
Well I guess that's because I wear boxer shorts.
Hum..( to Elaine) Hey! did you talk to Paula?
I guess there are no small diseases, only small actors.
All right, All right, keep your towel on.
Can I ask you a question? Would you mind switching seats?
(from bathroom) How was Eric Roberts as the husband?
I think I saw him. I think it's him.
I mean you're just, you're just a marvel of organization.
I've had bedroom naked, I've had walk-to-the-bathroom naked... I have never had living-room naked.
Excuse me. Can I talk to you for a second there, Watkins?
Eh, I can't. I gotta go down to the foundation. I'm interviewing high schoolers for the Susan Ross.. scholarship.
I don't understand, how do these thieves start the car?
Aah! the minute I saw this girl, we just clicked. She's got such a nice face. hummmm her eyes, her mouth, nose
You know, Einstein wore the exact same outfit every day.
I once told a woman that I really enjoy spending time with my family.
I am. The folks are twelve hundred miles away. (gleeful) I'm basking in the buffer zone. (looks for the waitress) 'Nother piece of pie here!
Really? I thought you and Celia were sleeping together?
You're right. Why must there always be a problem? You'd think just once I could get a break. God knows I earned it with that score!
The uniforms! Did you see how they played? Listen to these comments! (reads from the paper) "Wade Boggs 'What a fabric! Finally we can breathe.' Luis Palonia 'Cotton is king.' Paul O'Neill 'I never dreamed anything could be so soft and fluffy.' "
Can you believe he sold his glasses on the street?
No, no, no, see you're not really listening.
Carol, thats so rude. Please, Im serious, just for a moment, if you wouldnt mind. And then well talk to Jerry.
(delighted) Jerry? It was incredible! Models! As far as the eye could see!
Let's test him. Hey, driver. What do you say we stop off, pick up your sister, have a little fun back here? No, he can't hear us.
Hey. I got Jon Voight's LeBaron. (Jingles the keys.)
The wedding is off. Now you can go to the Super Bowl.
What kind of a sick person would do a thing like that?
Alright, now the play is tomorrow night. So do you want to have dinner first, or do you just want to meet at the theatre?
Well, not really. After all, she did get together with George Peppard. I mean, Fred.
(standing) Oh yeah, Reilly? (smugly) Well, the jerk store called. They're running outta you
Well, it was a hell of a ride.
I was quoting him. Why would I be insulted? I'm never insulted. You could call me baldy, dump soup on my head. Nothing insults me.
I tried to be nice. I wasn't nice?
You got less than sixty seconds. That's like dismantling a time bomb. What got into you?
It's about the show. It... No, it was...
Yes, you know. Deal with it .We have to deal with the doubt, Susan The DOUBT!! Must be dealt with.
This woman drove us out of our minds
(passes cane from right to left and back a few times) But, see here. Right. Wrong. Right. Wrong. Right. Right. Wrong--
I know the D is the biggest. I've based my whole life on knowing that the D is the biggest.
He purposely mispronounced my name. Instead of saying, "Costanza" He'd say, "Can't stand ja". "Can't stand ja" ... He made me smell my own gym socks once.
Okay, what about a nice frame? With a picture of another guy in it. Frame says I care for you, but if you wanna get serious, perhaps you'd be interested in someone like this.
Youre a back-up, youre a second-line, a just-in-case, a B-plan, a contingency!
Yeah. It's a beautiful name for a boy or a girl...
Of course not. I mean sure, there may have been one or two occasions in the past, when I may have reacted in uh impulsive or somewhat immature manner, but those days are well behind me.
Would you stop it. (Susan playfully bites his ear lobe again) Would you quit it please. Someone is going to see us here.
The guy slept with Marilyn Monroe, he's in Dinky Donuts. What about this doctor's note? Let's go see your friend Roy.
Kramer, what the hell are you talking about?
Well, if she was a criminal and you had to describe her to a police sketch artist...
Oh, yeah, right. I wish I had something on my mind. (pregnant pause) So how about that Kramer, huh?
Come on. Come check out my new place. It'll take you two minutes.
But it--eh.. It was here, I'm tellin' you, an' w--w--it was really here! The, there was, a, bar, and a, an' a dance floor..
I tried to tear it from the side, you can't get a good grip here. You gotta do it like a bag of chips.
(Apprehensively) Um. I just realized. Ya' never gave me back the change from the tolls.
Ah, great, great. (sniffs) What's that smell? Smoke? (walks to the kitchen) Hey everybody, I think I smell some smoke back here...(smoke boils into the doorway.) FIRE! FIRE! Get out of the way!
(feigning excitement) Great, great. O-Oh, oh, oh, gosh. You know, it's just... my duties with the Yankees...
Did you dressed nice, did you do it classy?
Now, this is the basic layout for Mario's Pizza.
I was just blowin' off a little steam. So what?
And I always take care of my Pisano's. So here is a little something. (drop in tip and worker looks the other way, so George decides to take it out and try again only to get caught)
My name is George. I'm unemployed and I live with my parents.
How hard could it be? You make a little contribution, you have a ceremony. I am going to think about this. I am really going to think about this.
That doesn't explain the lipstick on the dashboard?
Hey, at least I'm bringing something to this. (Starts flipping through envelopes, reads one ) "Have you seen me?" (Flicks it aside) Nope. (looks at next envelope) Woah, something from Whatley.
Alright, that's it. Alright, good, eight thousand dollars. (to Cynthia) Cynthia, again, nice meeting you. Have I commented on the shoes? I love suede, it's so thick and rich. Did you ever, you ever rub it against the grain? Alright, anyway...
(talking to nobody) Nah. It's probably a union thing.
Ill tell you when it happened. When that floss came flying out of my pocket.
Slippery Pete, Kramer tells me you are one hell of a rogue electrician. And shlomo, you're the best truck driver.
Yeah, You remember the, the little eh, bank book, there?
I know, they're out of their minds! It's fantastic!
(to salesman) Well, maybe you could show me something else.
(Arms out) I am king of the county. You?
You know I uh, spilled a yogurt smoothie in here two days ago. Hm, Can't smell anything, can ya?
No, no, she might just think its a gift.
You don't want to suffer with this all weekend.
You should be the one criticizing me. I, I'm lucky to even know someone like you.
No one gives us the finger! We're Yankees!
(excited, pushing Jerry forward) All right, let's go, let's go, let's go, come on.
I have never seen a Mohel like that.
I solve problems. That's just what I do.
Oh my God. I must be crazy. What have I done?
(Sheepishly to Elaine) I'll be right back. (Leaves)
I cant do it. Ill, Ill keep her busy.
Yes I'd like to speak to Marisa Tomei, please? Marisa, Hi it's George Costanza.. I'm the short, funny, quirky bald man you met a little while ago, heh! yeah I was just calling 'cos I wanted you to know that I'm not engaged anymore......well huh, She died....Toxic glue from the wedding invitations.....well we were expecting about two hundred people. Yeah... Anyway.. hum I got the funeral tomorrow but huh.. my weekend is pretty wide open and I was wondering... (dial tone interrupts George)..... Hello...Hello..
I am not! What you call wasting, I call living! I'm living my life!
Out of the question. Out of the question!
Jerry it's funny, Paula and I actually met because of Elaine.
Well, we're collectors. We, uh, see objects of great beauty and, uh, we must have them.
(standing up) I'm just gonna go to the bathroom.
Well, wait a little while, Ma. What's the difference?
[quite out loud, not even pretending to whisper] Elaine!
You don't think I can keep a secret?
No, not really. I'm just saying this to you because I like to hear myself talk. Yes, really!
Please give it to me. I love to help people. This is what I do. Come on. I'm going this way. (he takes the table from Jodi's hands and she has no choice but to follow him)
No no no, you know actually we are friends of a serial killer.
But enough about fish, huhuhu. I can discuss other things you know, ah architecture. Huhu. (makes a wide gesture with his arms)
Yes, yes of course. The Pensky file. Ho ho, can't wait to sink my teeth into that. Wow that Pensky. Well we'll straighten him out.
This catalog is all about how to score in a foreign country.
Kramer, Kramer's not here...I knew it. I knew it! I knew this would happen. (SCREAMING) Kramer! Kramer!
Take it easy. Take it easy. It's not the end of the world.
I'm George.. George Costanza.. I've never been in the hospital a day in my life.. except when I had my tonsils out. You know, they never gave me any ice cream. I always felt that-
Well I didnt do it for my mother.
No, and you weren't funny last night either. In fact, you got us both so depressed, she asked me to drive her home after dinner.
So what? What am I supposed to do?
We had an incredible phone conversation. We talked for like twenty minutes. I threw away my notes in the middle of the call. You know, I thought she had a great voice timbre. Is it timbre or tamber?
Does Neil like to eat a big breakfast?
Not necessarily. Mustard lends itself to the squeeze.
(adamant) Yes I am. I defy you to come up with a better name than Seven.
It never ends, this present stuff! Engagement present! Then they get married, you gonna have to get them something for that! Then the baby, there's another present. Then the baby starts getting their presents. I don't even like Drake.
But Mr. Steinbrenner, how can I be expected to perform my job properly, knowing that my uh, subordinate is making more money than I am? With all due respect sir, it's outta whack.
. . . naw, it's just you thanked HER, and and oh, . . . what's the difference?
How come you don't know what street are you on?
(Getting up) You know what? Maybe I should take off.
Well, I can't walk anywhere now. I'm just gonna be wishing there were walkways. (seeing Elaine removing her shoe) What are you doing?
You don't? Boy, I think about it a lot. I think about it at my age. Imagine how much I'll be thinkin' about it at your age. All I'll do is keep thinkin' about it until it drives me insane...
(going into the bathroom) Well, you on all fours, that thing vibratin', kickin' up sawdust, ho ho! She'll get the picture!
You're considering hiring me for your latex salesman.
She made a big breakfast every Sunday. I don't know what she put in those eggs.
What? Oh I spilled some food on it.
All right. So let me ask you a question. Who was the man in the cape?
What big salad? I'm going to the coffee shop.
(after Wendy and to the receptionist) Oh, you have a policy! (to the world at large) The delicate genius has a policy! George heads for the door.
You know, we're living in a society! We're supposed to act in a civilized way.
All right, he's letting you in. Thank you! Creep.
I'm not stealing it. They owe me ten dollars. They stole from me.
I'll tell you what's insane the price that I could get you on a new desktop computer.
I got to get downtown and buy that suit. The store opens in twenty minutes.
Well, if he can regift, why can't you degift?
You think it's contact? It has to be touched?
(turning to each other) I dont know. Hes an importer.
Alright, what are we getting? It's hot in here!
Look, we're wasting our time here! We're a half-hour late, they've probably took it off the board already.
all right! rock-climbing! J..just the 2 of us? alright! hey I'll make some sandwiches, what what do you like? tuna? peanut butter?
What, you don't want me to hold your keys?
All right, do you mind? I have the window! (To Willie) Now, what are you gonna do about my Twix?
(grabs the phone quick) Got it, Got it,...Hello?
I can't take it anymore! I'm going to work! ARe you happy now?! (Gathers his things, and runs out of the coffee shop. Elaine and Jerry laugh hysterically)
I don't wanna tell you how to run your show.
(confessing) Well, actually, I thought it up on the way over here.
Huh. (Makes a "over his head" gesture with his arm) C'mon, let's go, go. We got a lot of work to do today.
Wow,  god! You see this is all I think about. Sleeping with a giant. It's my life's ambition.
Dad, that other car cut us off! They had swastikas all over it... They were hurling racial epiphates at us... I could have been killed!
I told her we'd all go out afterwards, okay? And don't applaud when she stops playing the first time. It's not over yet.
I can't believe this! What was wrong with it? What didn't you like about it?
It's cleavage. I couldn't look away. What am I, waiting to win an Oscar here? This is all I have in my life.
Ah. You see, the man who was the butler, uh, had gotten into a car accident with Jerry, and because he didn't have any insurance, the judge decreed that the man become Jerry's butler.
Yep. And it didn't take very long either.
I left it at Heather's. Are these alive? (pounding on glass display)
So... uh you feel okay about that whole thing... what we do in there... you're generally okay with everything in there?
She um, she wants to see The Muted Heart.
(singing)  Master of the house/Keeper of the inn... (Jerry re-enters the living room and modestly models his new jacket for George. George is impressed.) This is huge! When did this happen?
(Reading) I see here that you play the harp.. tell me, why do you have to tilt it? Can't you just build it on an angle? It'd save you a lot of trouble.
Wait a minute, call the car phone, see what happens.
(To his girlfriend) Nina, you have to decide right now. Jerry or me?
I wanna get it back when we were the Gatsbys.
Yes. With a little guidance, Steven Koren is going to be everything I claim to be, only for real. That's my dream, Jerry.
Well just take an overview. Can't you just take an overview?
Now Peterman wants me to go to the funeral.
What difference does it make what she looks like?
(not expecting the statue to be thrown) Dit.
I'm wearin' a little hat, I'm jumpin' through fire.. They're puttin' their little alien heads in my mouth..
Alright, this is what ya gotta do I need ya to go out to the parking lot at Yankee Stadium, take the flyers off my car.
Your friend is been accused of being a serial killer. I think that qualifies.
No, no, I mean, driving Susan to lesbianism.
How could you not know who Bozo the Clown is?
Ben Cantwell. 85. Huh... You think we'll make it to that age?
Oh - comfort, schmomfort. Listen, Father, can I ask you a question? In a terrible time like this...who would I get the death certificate from?
Yeah. Yes! I just haven't seen you in a long time.
Speak now, or we are headed to the Hamptons. It's a two-hour drive. Once you get in that car, we are going all the way... to the Hamptons. All right, you wanna get nuts? Come on. Let's get nuts!
Oh, don't look. T-This is the part where they change me.
No I didn't mean to imply that you did. You're obviously a very well proportioned individual. I was just wondering, have they ever offered you a chair?
I need a break, Jerry, you know. I gotta get out of the city. I feel so cramped...
Did you ever see her lose her temper. I was once late cause I bought a Panama hat -- she grabbed it by the brim, pulled it down so hard my head came right through the top of it.
Oh, that's a dangerous fruit. It's like a weapon that thing, got spikes on the end. You can get killed from one of those things.
An' wait'll you see the dress that she's got. It's backless! Uh?! I'm finally gonna make a Great Entrance!
Yeeeaaah. (Jerry and George lean in to make their conversation a little more private) Well..... I've never really felt confident in uh..... one particular aspect.
Oh leave Jack alone. Jack's got enough problems. I'll just take the small office.
No... (takes off his glasses and wipes his eyes with his sleeve)
Well, I'm the boyfriend. Otherwise, what's the point of being the boyfriend? This is where you have to be when you're the boyfriend.
I know, but don't say anything to anyone. He told me not to tell you.
Jerry, let's face it, I've always been handicapped. I'm just now getting the recognition for it. Name one thing I have that puts me in a position of advantage. Huh? There was a guy that worked at the Yankees-- no arms! He got more work done than I did, made more money, had a wife, a family, drove a better car than I did.
Well, I gotta do somethin'. (Walks over to bathroom. Kramer enters)
You're an alcoholic! You have to apologize. Step Nine! Step Nine.
Well, don't they make a counter offer? How can they just cancel the whole deal like that? What kind of a maniac is this guy? I mean he just, he says no, and that's it?
I dont know, 120, 130Then they sent some guys to sandblast for 6 hours. Tomorrow they are putting in asbestos.
Yeah, eighty-three. Used to belong to John Voight.
Ma, will you stop?... Its just a statue!... How is it my fault?!... It was stolen. I didnt even touch it this time... Okay, fine... I dont see why this should affect to potatoes!... Okay... Goodbye. (George hangs up.) She doesnt react to disappointment very well. Unlike me.
This is what they would do in the movies! It's a beautiful thing! It's like a movie! I'm gonna slip him a mickey!
She had this throaty , sexy kind of whisper.
Well, you know, if I uh, wasn't engaged.
What are we gonna do? How are we gonna get out of here?
During that period when my folks were separated he went a little crazy.
I don't know how a fish could eat laughs.
here Elaine here, Superman (hands a comic book to Elaine, who passes it to Tony) please, next time it will only be the two of us
I don't know. I don't think you're anything.
I, I really should go home. Ya.. actually I'm planning on spending the day with my father tomorrow (short laugh) we're uh we're going to a father-son picnic, just the two of us.
Hey by the way my parents really want to have your parents over dinner before they leave town.
I was moving it across the street, I looked up and I saw Woody Allen and I got all distracted.
S, uh, Superman - he, uh, built the fortress of solitude up at the North Pole, to, uh, you know, sort of get away from it all..
Hey, maybe I could bribe one of those women that hand out the towels in the powder room.
All right, just gimme that. And gimme some of those Sweet & Lows.
... She's got it stashed away in there somewhere.
Not really. Your voice kind of raises to this comedic pitch. (Kramer enters)
Thats my candy line-up! Where are all my cards?! Theyre - theyre all on the floor!
I suppose he could swivel. Hey maybe one of those director's chairs. What do you think of those.
No, I decided to go with an '89 LeBaron.
The Rosses have started up a foundation, Jerry, and I have to sit on the board of directors.
I'm, uh, George Costanza. I was having dinner with your son.
I just remembered, I gotta be someplace. Yuh-hu-hur, that's enough. Pop. Pop, put down the wrench, Pop.
Why do they have to do that in front of people?
Ever since I found out that you let that message on Jerry's tape recorder I...
Yes, yes, she had a nose job. I loved her very deeply. Will she ever speak to me again?
No, no, no, this suit is not for sale. (tries to take off the suit from the guy)
I'm a man. Jerry, I'm a man. And do you know why? It's because of that talk we had. You were my inspiration. Do you believe it? You. That lunch was the defining moment of my life.
Yes, good to see you, too. And Good luck with, uh... with the whole thing, there.
Hey, what's another million, give or take. I get off where and when I wanna get off.
Boy, I wish the flamenco was popular here.
You can see the Cayman Islands in there? Is something going to happen to me? What?
It won't for a while. At least not until after the cast comes off.
By the way, have you spoken to Elaine yet today?
George.. (She doesn't seem to recognize him) George Costanza.
All right, let's--let's focus. Can we get back to the plan?
(Scoffs) No, I told you, I'm not gonna do that.
Well we were all eating the raisins. And I remember you--you were eating some of the raisins. And then you left, and the raisins were gone. And I was just wondering if, you know (chuckles), maybe you took them with you.
Would you get out of here. Who's gonna turn down a chair? I would be very interested to know how he felt about all of this. Maybe I'll have a talk with him.
(Holding his drink up to his mouth) Oh my gosh, I just had a great idea. She could come to the party tomorrow and read Gwen's lips for me.
Yeah, but if you still look closely you can see ah, a little bump where the nose use to be. huhuhuhu.
Oh, *please*! Me? C'mon! That's *great*! Are you kidding? I think thats fan*tastic*! I've always encouraged experimentation! I'm the first guy in the pool! Who do you think you're talking to?
I know, but antiques are very popular right now.
My card won't work there; they're not on the Plus system.
C-Communist? I am a Yankee, sir, first and foremost.
Huh-ho! Oh! You are too much, Mr. Kruger! Too much!
The doc called and said the lab's backed up and now I'm not gonna get the results for another two days.
Yeah, well when you don't actually do the steps, you can go through them pretty quick. You can get through six a day.
I've always liked her. Remember her in 'Carnal Knowledge'?
OK, OK, I never even had him for gym.
She kept such a nice clean apartment. She was so sanitary.
All right, I want you to do me a favor.
I'm unbelievable at spelling last names. Give me a last name.
(Looks at her) Yeah, uh, no menus. (Waves her off)
Oh really. You tell her you shaved it?
When you're playing the piano do you think about me?
I never heard of anyone would turned down an apartment because of a weak shower spray.
Oh, sports are so pedestrian. I've prepared some science experiments that will illuminate the mind and dazzle the eye.
Look at where we are! (referring to the seat usher) He's not stopping! He just keeps going and going and going! (the usher abruptly stops at the second row) We're not in the first row?
(in the threshold between the living room and the kitchen) The thing that bothers me the most, is the lying.
I dont understand why you spend time with this guy.
S'cuse me ..Do you mind if I ask you a few questions?
There was a woman, Audrey. She had a very big nose.
No, but um I have very good report with women, very good, comfortable. And from the first time I laid eyes on a brassieres, I was enthralled.
What am I going to do now? I can't live without Susan. I gotta get her back. How? How, am I gonna get her back?
You fixed me up with a bald woman.
Yeah, tell im. But quickly, Im double parked here.
Let me just say this. It is inhumane to make a man stand on his feet, in one spot for eight hours a day. Why shouldn't he have a chair?
(pointedly) She could do a lot worse than Mr Peanut, my friend.
But if you think about it...26 teams, 162 games a season, you'd think eventually an entire team would get wiped out.
Hey, the Bull owes me one, I helped him with his swing.
All right. (tearing his jacket off) Let me just say one thing there is no way that this is gonna happen. You hear me? No Way! Because if you think I'm going' to two Thanksgivings, you're out of your mind!!!
And I cancelled plans to go to the movies with them tonight.
Hello? I can take an hour off your hands. Give the kids a chance to see a real live Yankee.
Well, wha-what about the toe? What happened to the toe?
No, I can't. What if I meet a woman? I'd always be worried about that first moment where I'd take it off and see that look of disappointment on her face.
You think you could hook me up with these guys?
It's worth a shot. (Goes to the door.)
Hey, I am not here for rage. I'm here for revenge.
Oh, no no no. Course not. I got a great name for our kids. A real original. You wanna hear what it is? Huh, you ready?
Yes! 860,000. I can't believe it's still standing. No one has beaten me in like 10 years.
(Yelling out, frustrated. The camera spins from a top angle) Twwwwiiiiiixxxxx!
(holding his cane) I gotta hobble. (walks out)
What are you worried about, you know it.
All right, enough! Enough! From now on, no more yada yada's. Just give me the full story.
All right, I'll tell you what... why don't you go into the store and I'll wait in the car?
So, I'm uh, I'm afraid we're going to have to pass.
(On his way out) Heh, heh, heh. Thats what they want you to think.
Ade, you're a wonder. (he he -- george laughs)
And then, then, then she leaves with somebody else! Never even, never even said goodbye! Never called me back.. Never apologized. Nothing. Like I was dirt.
How many people does he do that for?
You see. You see! Listen when is your next drawing class?
Yeah, yeah, well, because of the cane. You should see the bathroom they gave me!
Its amazing. We, we both have dates on the same night. I cant remember the last time that happened.
Oh, uh, the cigars.. (Chuckles nervously) I'm, uh, suckin' 'em down. I'm puffing my brains out, yeah.
Just because a candy bar fails to fall from its perch
Exactly! Because neither one of us can't handle a woman all by ourselves.
Say you go to the bathroom at two o'clock in the morning, what's the outfit? I mean, you dressing up or is it come as you are?
All right, I?ll tell you what, you seem like a nice guy, let?s stop jerking around. Give me.. two hundred and fifty dollars, I?ve got people waiting for me, I've got to get the hell out of here.
You can't tell him the truth, you're gonna blow the whole thing.
He knows this guy, Wilkinson. He made a fortune in the stock market. Now hes got some new thing. You know, theres supposed to be a big merger. He wasnt even supposed to say anything. You guys should think about doing this too.
Yeah. Just take 'em out and ride 'em around for about..half an hour.
I think I like the girl better than the voice.
I usually spend Saturday afternoons with Susan. She's gonna want to know what I'm doing. I can't use Jerry, he's in Florida.
That's David Letterman. I just saw David Letterman walk by. I'll be right back. (He exits)
(leaving) Alright that's it for me. Good night everybody.
It's, uh, it's not a little chicken. (laughing) Little chicken. It's a gamebird.
She hasn't seen the article! When she sees it, she's gonna think-- *I'm out baby*!! I'm out!!!!!
Well, we were engaged to be married, uh, we bought the wedding invitations, and, uh, yada yada yada, I'm still single.
I have mourned for three long months! Summer months, too! Anybody could grieve in January! It's time for George to start being George again.
All right, all right, calm down, calm down. Whatever happened in the past is past.
Yes. Yes. You know what's interesting. The quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons is Bobby Hebert. No "r" which I find fascinating. You know it's Herbert h-e-r-b-e-r-t, Hebert h-e-b-e-r-t. "Hebert" it's a fun name to pronounce. Try and say it Hebert. Take a shot. All right. (check arrives) All right. I
Ha Haaaaaaa... Jerry how do you like that.You see I get myself in a dizzy, I'm all worked up and for what?
We'll ask him. (opens partition) My dear fellow, where are you dropping us?
Yeah, and now someone's going to be taking messages for me.
(Angry) Yeah, that's what they told me the last time.
Yeah, and a whole new me. I'm up two inches in these babies!
I never should have brought her up there. Should have known better. Should have seen it coming. I didn't see it coming.
That's my whole afternoon! I was going to look for sneakers.
Are you kidding me? [Elaine walks past the window glancing in] This is the best tool we have today of measuring a persons' intelligence.
I'm going straight to hell, no two ways about it.
Chamberlind, you could hold his head in nthe toilet, he'd still give you half of Europe.
Grateful? How can you be grateful when you're *so* close to the end? When you know that any second-- Poof! Bamm-O! It can all be over. I mean you're not stupid, you can read the handwriting on the wall. It's a matter of simple arithmetic, for Gods sake...
You know what you oughta do. You should go to her office and heckle her.
What red dot? What are you talking about? Jerry come here for a second. Do you see anything here?
She knows that I have her clock. I know that she has my hat. I think she's getting ready to make an exchange.
Was she uh, was she a big, uh woman?
What, did you go swimmin'? It's 29 degrees out!
See, I think people would talk about it at the coffee machines.
She knew I didnt have a job, she knew I lived at home. Didnt seem to bother her. I think I could have married this woman.
Oh, the busboy left the menu a little close to the candle.
(chuckling to himself) Housewarming gift. (swerving the car to go to the antique stand) All right, we're taking it up a notch!
(talking to nobody) I like horses. Maybe I could be a stable boy.
Yeah, yeah. You gotta come over tonight. We can play.
Yeah. Never seen anyone so bored. I'm working like a dog here. Give me a moan. *Something*. I'd settle for a belch, for god's sake. All right, come on, let's have it.
Get out!! (Jerry gets out and George drives away. A couple of guys notice Jerry in his cowboy boots.)
You mean just walk into the staff meeting on Monday morning like it never happened?
No no no, no mistake, no mistake. No, no , listen, we're going to get married over Christmas, I It doesn't make any difference to me. It's fine. Really.
I'm George. George Costanza, you live around here?
I though we said we weren't going to discuss that now!
Lets not forget the radiator. The steam has been on here for ten years. No human can turn this off.
What do the Chinese have to gain by faking a cure for baldness?
She's working late that night. We're - were supposed to have dinner with everybody at eight o'clock so I'll set up the ride for seven o'clock.
Aha. Aha. Could it be because you don't want him to know that you have a friend who pees in the shower, is that it?!
She says she has to come to New York on business...
(Places the doll presumingly where it belongs on a shelf) Ya?
Dogs, twists, a kind of fermented chicken drink.
I had a great time tonight Carrie. And I am going to call you as soon as I get home.
Know what? Ponce De Leon is sold out.
Mon...? No, no, I can't wait til Monday, that's impossible, I gotta talk to him now. Where does he live?
Well, I took the liberty of packing your things. (gleeful) Mom's coming to get you.
Sure, dudes in this town are dime a dozen.
Sure. Thank you for coming in. (Tom eats some raisins)
Okay, go ahead. Call her, get married, have babies, have a great life.. What do I care? I'm finished. (Really depressed) It's all over for me. In fact, let's end it right now. Jerry, kill me, kill me now. I'm begging you. Let's just get it over with. Be a pal.. Just take the pillow and put it over my face.
Step-skipper. That man is a step-skipper! He skips Step Nine!
I don't. Susan wants to have it out when Sally comes tomorrow.
Beautiful women. You know they could get away with murder. You never she any of them lift anything over three pounds. They get whatever they want whenever they want it. You can't stop them.
Ho ho ho ho! I can't wait for Hanke to come crawling back to me.
I gotta go help her tape up all his boxes and get them ready for shipping.
With the orange hair, and the big clown shirt with the ruffles...
(While skimming a Monk's menu) You know, I didn't go to the bathroom the entire time we were in India.
I don't understand. They're supposed to be casting this week. Something's wrong. Maybe they're not doing it.
Seemingly. Seemingly, to the untrained eye, I can fully understand how you got that impression. What looked like pushing...what looked like knocking down...was a safety precaution! In a fire, you stay close to the ground, am I right? And when I ran out that door, I was not leaving anyone behind! Oh, quite the contrary! I risked my life making sure that exit was clear. Any other questions?
Eh, there's that woman that never talks to anybody.
I know. I just sort of leaned on it so it would look like it was mine.
(Leaving) I'll store these over at Kramer's apartment.
(To a passing waitress) I'll have some coffee and a doughnut.
So what's the deal they don't want to have dinner with my parents?
Do you really think I'm wrong about this Wyck guy?
(Definite) I'll take it in my room. (Walks off)
No! I don't! Don't you even care? This is your company! It's your name on the outside of the building! Speaking of which, the 'R' fell off and all it says now is K-uger!
Aaaa (looking around for Jerry) aaaa (finds Jerry) Ah ha. They had plans huh? They were busy. They were busy with their (doing a little dance to make the plans seem all that important) big plans!
Oh, Hey, hey, hey! That's great! That's very nice. You know we've been waiting twenty minutes for you people?! What do you think, you're Mussolini?!
Yeah, fun. IQ tests are totally bogus. They prove nothing.
Ade, I have to tell you, I, I have never met anybody so ... efficient.
Must be one of those rich, spoiled handicapped people, who didn't want to do any work, and just wanted to sit in her wheelchair and take it easy.
That's not how it happened. It's when he fell on him with his knee.
Hey, hey, let's not get so defensive here. This is a give and take process.
So is it all over between you and... Marsha Mason?
I have to talk to you about something .
Das kaffes un salat e grand por favor.
(Complaining) I can't read it. I need my glasses!
Yeah. Hey, you know, I gotta go get these tomatoes. You wanna go for a ride?
The prop comic? (Ronnie holds up his water gun and smiles.) Oh, hi...I didn't recognize you, what...did you get a haircut?
Yeah. Got to invite The Drake. Listen hem...there's something that's been on my mind and we haven't really talked about it..I t's kind of important to me.
Oh, she's a Kramer. And uh, while I was there I uh happened to pick up another juicy little nugget about our friend.
All right, I'm gonna find a guy with a truck. GLC must live on!
If you go now, I know what's gonna happen. We'll find the car, Jerry will show up, and then we'll never find you.
Jerry, I like being with her. Plus, I know where she is all the time. I have relatively no competition. An-and you know how you live in fear of the pop-in?
I can't go in there. Im too uncomfortable.
You know, if it was a regular salad I wouldn't have said anything. But you had to have the BIG SALAD.
She didn't want to come, she-she's not really into sports.
(to Mickey) Can't you just switch with another Midget?
Celia broke out of prison. I'm sitting in my home, she shows up at the door!
You mean just going there because I'm invited, that's rude?
Are you crazy?! What are you doing?! You'll get us killed!
Alright, still her father didn't have to throw me out like that, he could have just asked me to leave. The guy had me in a headlock! Susan's not going tonight you know.
Sorry, we're a little late. We got so hung up in traffic.
Well I don't know anyone here Jerry. Where else am I going to stay?
Oh, this is good. This Kruger guy is clueless. I can't wait to work for him.
So we jump and roll, you won't get hurt.
Why did he tell you and not me?
He got about uh, two inches from... there.
Just do it like a Band-Aid. One motion. Right off! (beat) She is sexy though. Dont you think?
(Looks fed up with his parents) Oh my God..
It's really not accurate. Nobody drinks from a water cooler any more - they use bottles.
You know, it was really wrong of you to back out on that deal.
You think this is the plane that Ted Danson gets?
So you don't speak *any* English at all?
(to Donna) Why did you have to get me in trouble?
Officer, could I just explain something to you?
(Trying to whisper to Jerry) Look, we are gonna settle this right now! I demand reparations! I should get to sleep with Elaine. That's the only way to punish you!
But I mean look at him. He's gotta be on his feet like that all day? That's brutal. I think I'm gonna say something to your uncle.
Yeah and you get this really cool T-shirt when you sign on..
You think your parents would have any objections to taking a little kid to Paris with them? (Jerry looks at him confused) It turns out that the kid's father lives in Paris. (chuckling) Is that a coincidence? (Jerry smilies) Eh you know Alec wants me to take him over there so I figure as long as they're going (claps)
Excuse me sir. Would you mind watching my bag for a minute?
Well, I'm doing it, Jerry. I'm buying the Frogger machine. Now the torch will burn forever.
I didn't know you were such a Bette Midler fan.
Ah, excuse me. Do you have, uh, change of a dollar?
Yes, yes! The punishment should fit the crime.
I asked if I could borrow a sweater.
Well you missed a lovely little party that we had for Grace.
Oh no no no. He's deeply in love, and I was just about to break up with her when she told me.
This is by far the most exciting thing I've ever done.
We talked about his new batting stance, you know, I'm not crazy about it, but I said , 'Donny, go with it 'till it stops workin'.' Donny baseball. He's a helluva guy.
Ha, Yeah right, hang on, Ill ah, Ill get her for you. he, he, he, he. Seriously, what's up?
I think I can sum up the show for you with one word NOTHING.
No, occasionally I'll forget to let the machine pick up. Anyway, they made this large donation, to a women's prison, and I get to go down there and check it out.
Nah, I guess I should really get moving on this, huh? I'm gonna go. (Opens the door, letting Newman in. Leaves)
It's a foreign movie... a *film*, is what it is, actually.
[to himself] Argh! [to Susan] Susan! Hi! Oh, boy! What are you doing here?!
Listen Sheila it's not what you think. I put my trust into the wrong person. He said the key word was tasteful.
Maybe I could move them until you get back.
You want me to ask one of the Yankees.
Well, does he wear bland, drab, olive colored clothing?
Then, the last person to leave is Wilhelm. He sees my car, he figures I'm burning the midnight oil. Between the two of them, they think I'm working an 18 hour day! (he stands there with his hands on his hips, a wide grin - laughing.)
Well? (Miranda hits George) I was just - I'm curious, that's all. We, uh. We'd like you to, do everything possible.
(Sincerely) Thank you.. I, uh.. that might not work out.
Well, I don't see why if you have his, he should have yours.
What a bald paradise that must have been. Nobody knew.
You know what this means? I can't see her anymore either.
Listen, you're lucking I'm not asking for a whole refund. (trying to speak quietly) You gave me ladies' frames!
This was supposed to be 'The summer of George'! The summer of George.
9... 1... 1. She said she'd do anything. Hello, police? Uh, yeah listen, we're in the back of a limo in Queens--
(annoyed) Not a peep. They just cleaned the carpets and left. Call themselves a cult!
She asked about me? What did- What did she say?
Um, you know Im starting to think that maybe lobster isnt the way to go.
Well she was sending out our wedding invitations.
(smiling) Uh, hi. Uhm, remember me? I..I'm the guy who looks like Neil?
(disbelief) What? (laugh) Wh... what're you talking about? I'm not the one with the problem. (defensive) Lloyd Braun was in the nuthouse, not me.
I cant believe I said that. You know me, Im a vault.
Listen, Buck, I uh...obviously I don't need to talk to you about the importance of player morale, but uh...I've been talking to some of the guys, and some of them - I don't want to mention any names - but some of them...they're not too happy with the polyester uniforms.
(laughing) You think you're going to the other side with "Hi"? You're not going to make it.
(urgent) Mr Wilhelm, listen. You've been abducted! Please, Mr Wilhelm, you gotta listen to me!
I love it. New office, new salary. I'm the new Wilhelm.
I love that bathroom. It's got that high, high toilet. I feel like a gargoyle perched on the ledge of a building.
Dark and disturbed? His whole life revolves around Superman and cereal. I convinced him to act like that so that you would think I was funnier. That's how disturbed I am! If you want disturbed, that's disturbed. You can't find sickness like that anywhere, you think sickness like that grows on trees? Nobody is sicker than me, nobody. He's pretending, I'm the genuine article.
But I digress. Let me see, now. You were standing at one end of the line and I was right next to you. And I remember we were even for like, the first five yards and then , BOOM,...You were gone.
Na....no ... This relationship he..he..has got to be about something and fast or I'm in very serious and weird trouble....hum What else happened?
Oh, you spoiled, spoiled man. Do you now how much mental energy I expend just trying to picture women naked?
Well if Houdini couldn't do it, what chance do I have?
(knocks) You hem... wanted to see me Mr. Steinbrenner?"
Have you ever given your code to anyone?
Thanks. You know this could sound crazy but, what do you think about adding a drawer for - like a blanket?
Because I'm REFRESHED. I finally found a way to sleep in my office. Under the desk. I lie on my back. I tuck in the chair. I'm invisible.
(starts to try to get passed Jerry and Elaine) Alright get out of my way. (Jerry and Elaine push him back, George very annoyed) Alright don't make me get physical here!
Why do I get pesto? Why do I think I'll like it? I keep trying to like it, like I have to like it.
Yeah! Look at me! I was free and clear! I was living the dream! I was stripped to the waist, eating a block of cheese the size of a car battery!
(Defensively) You can look at them, but do NOT touch them. (Holds them out)
Oh, this is fabulous. My God Elaine, you have to taste this.
Let me ask you a question. Who would win in a fight between you and me?
I can't believe it. Look, that's Jerry Seinfeld.
(Letting his conscious get the best of him) I wonder how Susan's father's going to react to this. Alright, what- what's the worst he could do? So you burn a cabin down..
And I didnt even ask her out. She asked me out first. She called me up. What was I supposed to do? Say no? (laughs) I cant do that to someone.
yeah, I ... I snuck a peak. ... But it was so fast I didn't see anything. It was just a blur.
Why? Why isn't it possible? I mean, they're both bite marks.
Squirrel? Well, we have no deal with THEM!
You know, it's very impolite to tell secrets. Are you talking about me?
No! My ticket?! You gave my ticket to Horneck?
I'll make time, because Abby, I was once like you; wide-eyed, naive, I didn't know the first thing about a subject as fundamental as risk management.
Jerry, I'm trapped under my desk. Steinbrenner is in the room. You got to help[ me.
What is it about sex that just disrupts everything? Is it the touching? Is it the nudity?
I got two tickets to see "Guys And Dolls".
I love these people, you can't ask 'em questions. (getting excited) They're so mentally gifted that we mustn't disturb the delicate genius unless it's in the confines of an office. (worked up) When huge sums of money are involved, then the delicate genius can be disturbed!
So what, they don?t have another plane? She couldn't take a bus?
Do you have something a little more... less expensive?
(Hands Antonio a card) Here's my card. I'm in real estate, so, if you're ever looking for something bigger, something nicer.. (Antonio is staring at him, angered) ..maybe not right now. Anyway.. (Extends his hand for a handshake. Antonio doesn't move)
Um, I don't uh, really think I can go.
Elaine, I got to have another picture of Gillian.
I figured you'd cruise. At least through the Spring.
Hey, I've eaten frogs, so nobody's perfect. Anyway-
Yeah, yeah, yeah. But then, I said to him, 'Oh yeah? Well, the jerk store called, and they're running outta you.'
Toasting makes me uncomfortable. But toast, I love. Never start the day without a good piece of toast. In fact, let's toast to toast.
Well, I do what I can. (Robin comes over.)
I don't need any ideas. It's a show about nothing.
Alright that's it. (George walks across the room over to them.) So you get rid of me and now the two of you are going to sleep together?
What do I do? Well actually, I'm a writer. In fact, I'm writing a comedy pilot for NBC right now.
Who am I going to meet who is better than her? No one, Jerry. No one's better than her.
Oh, I don't think you want to do that.
I'll try some on and see how they look. It's just hair.
'Scarsdale surprise'. That's the musical about that Scarsdale diet doctor murder.
(panicked and rushed) Jerry! The Japanese guys had sake in the hot-tub! You gotta get 'em outta the drawers and get 'em down here, or I don't have a focus group to sell the pilot to Japanese TV!
She said first row! Right behind the dugout!
S-s-somebody double parked, we couldn't help it. It might have been Saddam Hussein, we're not really sure. He eh, had a British accent though.
Where are you living? Are you here? Are you on this planet? It's impossible. It can't be done.
Yup. It's really just a question of what kind. Thinking about a bar stool.
No, I'm not. I would like to be, but I'm not. What am I gonna do? The book club meets in a few days.
(pointedly) Oh, I'm sorry, I require twenty-four hours notice for a cancellation. Now, as I see it, you owe me seventy-five dollars.
(Quick, excited talking) Hey, hey! You can't believe this. Look at this check! (Hands it to Jerry) They told me I had the most beautiful hands they'd ever seen in their lives - except for this McKigney guy - this great looking girl gave me her phone number.. I got it! I got it all! I'm busting. Jerry, I'm busting!
Yeah, it's bizarre. (they both look around them suspiciously)
Alright, I gotta go. I'm heading over to Bonnie's.
There is no problem. . . just a small miscommunication. Whereby you thanked her instead of the person actually responsible for purchasing the big salad.
Yeah yeah yeah yeah, go. Go about your business, I'll just wander around.
I gotta get to Fowler. I know that he would take this squirrel off my hands. It's practically bionic!
All right. That's more like it. Thank you very much. (giving the sponsor the 'be strong' hand clench) By the way, my uncle was an alcoholic, so...
I have nothing to say to anybody. I'm so uninteresting. I think I'm out of conversation.
Wait, wait. Here me out. Don't dismiss this. You're very quick to dismiss. Don't dismiss. She's got a big crush on David Letterman, I mean, a big crush. She talks about him all the time. Suppose I go up to David Letterman. He works at NBC; I work at NBC. I explain my situation. He agrees to meet her. They go out, they fall madly in love. And she dumps me for David Letterman.
They will get a good home won't they?
Well, Jerry's car gets hit and the other driver doesn't have any insurance, so the judge
There's nothing I can even impart to you, that's the sad thing. It's so inborn, I can't pass it on. (begins backing into the space) Look at this guy. Are you crazy, what are you doing?! Hey! Hey, you're stealing my space!
I had to give it to the liquor store guy.
But you are Blanche... You *are* in the shackles. Oh, I can't wait to read my *Time* magazine! Laaaast copy, too. Maybe I'll read it tomorrow-- in the park! It's supposed to be a beeyootiful day! Have a nice life... sentence, that is!
I've seen squeeze mustard. I've never seen squeeze ketchup.
Well good, good. Take it off you're going to wear it out already. It's for special occasions this thing.
(cuts into Jerry talking) Chocolate chip mint? Oh well, actually Jerry I prefer chocolate chip. What is it about the chocolate and the mint that makes it go so well together?
(somewhat annoyed) I suppose you could be an architect.
I went to the beach. (Jerry and Elaine exchange looks)
I'm sure I have a low IQ. I've been lying about my SAT scores for 15 years.
And I'm moving out of my parents' house, I'm taking that apartment on 86th street, remember the one we saw?
By the way, you owe me seven fifty.
(still quiet) Think, a second. You know, your friend was talking about me and, you know...
Just when I was doing great. I told you God wouldn't let me be successful.
Hi (raises his left hand in a slight gesture to say hi)
No, no, this wasn't moving on. I got the hook. I wish I could get a lesson in that.
(indicating the window) Kramer, it's, it's raining. They got the tarp on the field.
...and, and maybe shell see me when she gets there, does this woman intend to spend time with me?
Yeah, ha ha, It's not the toilets, it's not the toilets. It's something else. Are you ready for this?
He's with the touring company of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat. He's the guy in charge of the wigs.
This is like a Penthouse letter...Why can't I meet women like this?
(Yelling out to a waitress) Gonna need some water here!
You've still got pretty good coverage. Once the enemy advances beyond this perimeter - (points at Kurt's head with a pen) - then you won't be Kurt anymore.
...pianist. A *classical* pianist. She *plays* the piano. She's a *brilliant* woman. I-I-I sat in her living room... She played the *Waldstein Sonata*! The *Waldstein*!
(Whispering to Jerry) What time is our flight back? I got to go to the bathroom.
(gets up and picks a mirror) Yes. Yes, it's white. Why it's white.
Look it's no secret what's going on between us. (to Jerry) She doesn't like me. Now Jerry if you don't mind.
Now, because of that stupid rye bread, I gotta keep them all separated for the rest of my life.
Oh, well I didn't know you went into Queens Jerry.
I can tell you this. If I am not in front of my house at six-fifteen, when my parents get there, they will put me on an aggravation installment plan that will compound with interest for decades.
The rule is a minimum of two days.
Oh...uh, because if it had anything at all to do with what you perceived as me leering at your daughter, I really have to take issue with that. I did not leer. (To Jerry) Did I leer?
Well, they gave birth to me, and, yada yada...
Well you see he slipped, and he landed on a kinda of a..
(leaving to the bedroom) I gave it to Cosmo.
Did you explain to her about the good naked and the bad naked?
(doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o. (Hes sitting on the floor in his Play Now office).
This is a brand new jacket. Boy this really burns me up, ...
I knew I had hit my high note so I thanked the crowd and I was gone.
This must be Sheila from the photo place.
Excuse me, are you going to be much longer? I have to make a very important call.
Yeah, there was a fire in my apartment.
Uh, Jerry, you want your blankets tucked in?
Well, it's this little place with this little bathroom. It's like right there, you know, it's not even down a little hall or off in an alcove. You understand? There's no... buffer zone. So, we start to fool around, and it's the first time, and it's early in the going. And I begin to perceive this impending... intestinal requirement, whose needs are going to surpass by great lengths anything in the sexual realm. So I know I'm gonna have to stop. And as this is happening I'm thinking, even if I can somehow manage to momentarily... extricate myself from the proceedings and relieve this unstoppable force, I know that that bathroom is not gonna provide me with the privacy that I know I'm going to need...
Oh, well, uh. Gary told me you said hi.
Yeah, I'll zip in, "How do you do?", zip out. She'll love me.
(wondering) Maybe he doesn't. Maybe he and I are exactly the same, except for one minor, yet crucial, detail. You never know.
I don't have a spare set. All my keys say 'do not duplicate'.
(answering the phone while walking away) Joe Mayo's apartment?
Well, I like a rolling writer. They're very smooth.
(to the executives) Excuse me. Did you hire the Sunshine Carpet Cleaners?
I still won't be able to forgive myself - but at least it won't be about this.
You know, Jason, I, uh, I couldn't help notice, I... I didn't get my apology.
It's really nothing, it's like going to the dentist.
Well, it was very nice meeting you Shelly and Jerry be careful, there's a lot of nuts out there. (to Paula) All right you have everything?
(embarrassed with a touch of unrestrained jubilation) Yes.
Now Im in the worst position of all.
Did I need that pointed out for me? What is that going to do for me? How does that help me, to see her? I'm trying to live my life. Don't show me that.
No, she's taking this course in education for her masters. It's part of her research project, so I have to be a guinea pig.
But I know who took the bite. It was her aunt!
It's like some pod landed from another planet and took your body. Don't fall asleep Elaine.
So Anyway, I started to compliment Elaine on her sketches and it turns out,they're Paula's.
Don't you see what it says here? Don't you understand what that's implying?
She doesn't Want to talk, she needs to talk.
It's all departures. I see nothing but departures. (to the woman beside him) Do you know where the arrivals are?
Who cares about eyebrows? Is she sweet? I like sweet. But not too sweet, you could throw up from that.
I'll leave when the guy comes in. I gotta tell you, I am loving this yada yada thing. You know, I can cross over my whole life story. (Picks up dental tool)
No, that's a fair question. It is, uhm... (nervous chuckle) Jerry, yeah. (to Cynthia) Jerry's a friend of mine. (to Russell) He uh, he gave it to me. Unbelievable how many addresses of people this guy has.
All I know is I've been going to doctors all my life. What has it gotten me? I'm thirty-three years old. I haven't outgrown the problems of puberty, I'm already facing the problems of old age. I completely skipped healthy adulthood. I went from having orgasms immediately to taking forever. You could do your taxes in the time it takes me to have an orgasm. I've never had a normal, medium orgasm.
Well, I wish I could say the same, but I must say, with all due respect, I find it very hard to see the logic behind some of the moves you have made with this fine organization. In the past twenty years you have caused myself, and the city of New York, a good deal of distress, as we have watched you take our beloved Yankees and reduced them to a laughing stock, all for the glorification of your massive ego!
Well, she didn't BUY the big salad. I bought the big salad.
No, I don't have any change. I never carry change.
I was not winking you idiot. That was the grapefruit. It's like acid. I need that card back. It's Mr. Steinbrenner's. I was responsible.
Still lookin'. It's pretty bad out there. What about you?
That reminds me, I'm not getting you guys any more fruit. That guy was eyeballing me the whole time. He gave me the creeps. All right, you owe me twenty-eight sixty.
She's stickin' it to me that she makes more money than me.
I think I may be in love with this woman.
Shhhhh. If you want to get in, theres very little time. (calling to the waitress) Sweetheart.. (Waitress approaches and tears off a check. George stops her.) No, no, no. That ought to cover it. (He hands her some money; she turns to leave; George stops her.) Just a second. Just a... let me jus-peek... (He looks at the check, then takes some money out of her hand. George urges Jerry and Elaine to eat.) Come on, come on, come on...
Would you excuse us for a minute Tim boy, we're kind of in the middle of something.
Danielle. Where's Neil? (indicating the bed) Is this him?
Well there is traffic. It might take her till eight-fifteen.
I got it. Cups in the front, loops in the back. (puts the bra on the table)
Because, I've got the coat. I can sit in the car and not get cold.
I tell you something. I wish there were pig-men. You get a few of these pig-men walking around suddenly I'm looking a whole lot better. Then if somebody wants to fix me up at least they could say, "Hey he's no pig-man!"
So, you wanna go home and...make up, officially?
Listen, I have a tremendous favor to ask.
Why didn't you just wear a heavier coat?
What's the matter with you? Are you crazy? Why are you using my name?!
(smiling) Ho ho. Funny. Isn't he funny? Funny guy. Ha ha ha.
Yeah, they're all through ruining my life. What the hell are they still doing here? Lemme see this pamphlet. Hm. All right, so I'll, uh, get back to you.
Oh, yeah. You wish you had this coat.
Uh, excuse me. Uh, pound of Arabian mocha java, please.
Yes, a shame. That is exactly how I would put it. Now Mrs. Sweedler, with all due discretion and sensitivity, and taking in the whole scope of the situation, I just can't help but think that, the hospital is somehow responsible for compensating the other, still living 'victim' of horrendous, horrendous tragedy.
(agitated) Well, I, I couldn't come. I, I had to drive my mother to, to the chiropodist.
Robin, listen to me. The most amazing thing has happened. Kramer has opened my eyes. I think I've changed.
I have to rewind it first. (George presses the rewind button on the tape recorder. He and Jerry stand there, waiting impatiently as it rewinds.) Alright, alright.
What about your old car? They couldn't get Kramer's blood out of it?
So he... had his hands and, uh, he was uh
(Sliding over to make room for her) Sit down. Join us, please.
Well, I got just the thing to cheer you up. A computer! Huh? We can check porn, and stock quotes.
So, she went out with you on a first date.. and it was her birthday?
This guy from my old neighborhood. Lloyd Braun. He's a big advisor to Mayor Dinkins. He thinks he's so cool.
That's no tragedy! How many people do you lose on a normal cruse? 30? 40?! Kramer, can I take a look at that book? (Starts walking tward the door. Kramer grabs his food, and follows)
You telling me that wine is better than Pepsi? Huh (snort), no way wine is better than Pepsi.
I'd like to be able to get it out.
(ahem) In this age of uncertainty and confusion, a man begins to ask himself certain questions. How can one even begin to put into words something so um (trying to think of a word)
(frantic) Jerry! Jerry, muh--muh--my hair-dryer ruined the picture! An' I need another one or I can't get back into the forbidden city!
Awright, lemme just say this. Ten thousand dollars, alright, and now I'm going below what you wanted to pay. You have your dinner, have your veal, or whatever it is. Enjoy...
I don't like it, it's red. It it's too flashy.
Knock it off, just sit in your seat over there you're distracting me. We're making incredible time here. I once went into Kennedy Airport from West 81st Street to in uh, in 15 minutes. hu uh. Oh, here hold this. It's uh, ten dollars for the tolls.
Jody let's do this agian real soon (he tends his arms for a hug but she avoids him)
Or, I could take the twenty, then I could pay *you* later.
Mr. Morgan! Did you hear that? Mr. Morgan!
When I was ten years old, my parents had this very same statue on the mantle of our apartment. Exactly. And, one day, I grabbed it, and I was using it as a microphone. I was singing, MacArthur Park, and I got to the part about, Ill never have that recipe again, and it slipped out of my hand and it broke. My parents looked at me like I smashed the ten commandments. To this day, they bring it up. It was the single most damaging experience in my life, aside from seeing my father naked.
So you're gonna let me get suspended for shower urination?
Oh, sure. Sure, anything. Can you believe it? There's nothing wrong with me.
It's funny! (To Elaine) and it wouldn't kill you to not be so funny either.
I was squinting! Remember that drive from Wortsborough? (snapping his fingers) I was spotting those raccoons.
Hey uh, isn't Elaine supposed to meet us?
(sad) Yeah! Yeah. Hey--hey you, you know.. Maybe I'll call you sometime.
She missed her period? Oh my god. I can't believe it! I'm a father! I did it! My boys can swim! I can do it! I can do it!
It's like puberty that never stops. Ear puberty, nose puberty, knuckle puberty, you gotta be vigilent. Let me ask you this Do you know where Walker Street is downtown? I've got a league meeting there.
(Impersonating Carson) I didn't not know that. Weird. Wild. (Susan and George both laugh)
Heh heh heh hey, new suit (raises coffee cup as a salute / toast)
Psh. What's the point of even discussing it? [condescendingly takes her hand and pats it] You'll give me the money when you have it. [takes two steps, then reconsiders, then re-reconsiders] I, I trust you.
(shouting) How d'you not like Soda?! It's bubbly, it's refreshing!
Well, I wanna put a picture of me and my boss Mr. Morgan up at the office.
No, no, no, no. Borrowing money from a friend is like having sex. It just completely changes the relationship.
Oh...(is about to tell Jerry, but reconsiders) ...clothing, something, I dunno. So, uh, what are you doing today?
All day. ( phone rings , Jerry picks up)
I wanna bite into a big hunk of cheese, just bite into it like it's an apple.
I'm trying to get out of this Big Brother program. So when you get to Paris (handing Morty the postcards) all you have to do is drop 'em in any mailbox.
Yes he is. Let me ask you something. When you come out of the shower and you put your robe on, do you cinch it real tight, are you concerned about that?
He wants to meet you? I'll tell you what. I'll show up. He doesn't know we're friends. I'll pretend I haven't seen you since High School. I'll back up the story.
Anyway, right in the middle, the ship blows up-- burning debris, bodies falling-- and then just as this eerie silence settles over the airfield, I yelled out, "That's gotta hurt!"
Theres just no justice. This experience has changed me. Its made me more cynical, more bitter, more jaded.
It's this way... AND THEY TAKE OFF AGAIN, PAIRING OFF
Beautiful lineswoman. Alright listen uh I'm going to go to the concession stand and get some real sunblock. You want anything? Jerry? (Jerry is staring at the lineswoman) Jerry?
Hes a cube. Anyway, he got married six months ago. He told me ever since hes been wearing a wedding band, women have been coming on to him everywhere he goes.
So you could call a woman for a date, ask her if she's free for Dinner and a flamenco?
I told them I have a place in the Hamptons. What did you say?
(stops Jerry realizing something) Hey hey hey hey hey hey.
Oh, I just, uh, leased a house out in the Hamptons, and I have got to get out there this weekend and sign the papers.
(more excitement) You were gonna fix me up with her?
The last time I saw her, she was naked.
I told ya. Hey, any of you guys want to come out and help me fix my father's screen door in Queens?
I got a feeling I'm gonna be much smarter than you pretty soon.
Nothing It's not you. It's me. I have a fear of commitment. I don't know how to love.
Oh, I think it is! I think that's exactly what it is!
I know. I can tell. It's one of my powers. Why, did you ever fake?
Huh, really? How bad? Was he on his death bed?
They're reorganizing the staff, and I'm on thin ice with this guy as it is.
Are, are you sure this is decaf? Wheres the orange indicator?
(singing) Master of the house/Doling out the charm/Ready with a handshake and an open palm/Tells a saucy talk/Loves to make a stir/Everyone appreciates a...
Well, it's . . . much too low.
Elaine, bald men, with no jobs, and no money, who live with their parents, don't approach strange women.
No. I like the ball! This is my One Chance to make a Great Entrance! My whole life! I have never made a great entrance!
(Wanting Elaine to take it off his hands, he tries to silence Jerry) Jerry, simmer down.
(to phone) Hi, Allison? Oh, I guess you're not at home.. I probably should 'ave tried you at the office. Anyway, good to hear from ya, really looking forward to the ball.. (hangs up and happily chuckles) Ha ha!
oh, . . .because she handed you the bag. I could have handed you the bag. She happened to pick it up at the restaurant even though, . . .
Well I'm sure you have secrets from me. I don't know anything about your cycles.
They should call it round tine. You know what I'm talking about.
Hehe. Well, I got my triangles. (sitting on the couch)
She must have seen me eating it on TV.
Deeply in love. If you can't say anything bad about a relationship, you shouldn't say anything at all.
Yeah, I think, you know, she was, like, crying, and he was consoling her, and then, she, uh, just got into his car, and they just drove away.
It just didnt work out. What can I do? I wanted to love her. I tried to love her. I couldnt.
Well, I guess these would be out of the question. (pulls out two pudding skins in plastic bags.)
Not as good. That's when you realize all the money you're losing.
There's a bag of Pepperidge Farm cookies up there.
What are you looking at me like that for?
Well don't let him take advantage of you like that.
Alright, so that's one tuck and one no-tuck.
Wait, have you ever seen him throw up?!
You tellin' 'em about the butler story? Is that beautiful or what? Hey, sorry I'm late. (Looks at Rita) Russell?
I don't know what you're getting all riled up about. There are probably a million Costanzas-
It's my name. I made it up. You can't just steal it.
Oh, sure, my Black Hawks jacket. I love my Black Hawks jacket.
Yes, now. It's gonna take a few days and my parents are gonna be back. I gotta have it back before them!
"Aahhrgh...it wouldn't take...... long pause, audience laughter) ten minutes from now, I'll be sweating all over again ,I can feel it. I'm a human heat pump!"
What did they do for toilet paper in the civil war?
I don't know, but those are my socks! I had a pair just like that with the blue stripe, and now I don't have them anymore!
No. This is not cotton. Here, lemme see. (Tries to look at the tag on the uniform. Tartabull gets creeped out and resists.) Will you stop it? (Looks at the tag.) Oh. Of course. Polyester!
Yeah, like he was really gonna take your money.
I feel like I'm in bed with my mother.
(animated) N..no, no. You can't leave me. (frantic) Marry me! I'll burn myself. I'll burn my parents!
I can produce Keith Hernandez right here within the hour.
A different name for the butler? (Russell throws up again.)
I don't want hope. Hope is killing me. My dream is to become hopeless. When you're hopeless, you don't care, and when you don't care, that indifference makes you attractive.
We did a crossword puzzle together, *in bed*. It was the most fun I ever had in my entire life. Did you hear me? in my *life*! Y'know?
So, you know, she calls and says she wants to go out with you tomorrow night? God bless! Devil you!
You think the person you were talking to is him? That's not even close to him. He's funny, Jerry's funny.
(seeing Elaine and Puddy come into Monk's) Yeah. Hey, Lainie, Puddy.
What could I do? Did you see the mug on that kid?
That's what she says. I say, listen. It was an old cat. It died of natural causes. So get this, now she tells me that I gotta buy her a brand new cat. I say listen, honey. First of all, it was a pretty old cat. I'm not gonna buy you a brand new cat to replace an old dying cat. And second of all, I go out to the garbage, I find you a new cat in fifteen seconds. I say, you show me an autopsy report that says this cat died of starvation, I spring for a new cat. So she says something to me, like, uh, I dunno, get the hell out of here, and she breaks up with me. Now don't you think that would be a great case on L.A. Law?
Stop it, stop it! It's not fair. It's not fair. I don't like this situation, Jerry. I don't like it one bit.
You know, I got this little swelling right here. (rolls up his sleeve to expose his wrist) It's kinda painful. What d'you make of it?
No no no, he's not getting away with this.
I don't see how I could perform sexually in a situation after something like that. I was completely emasculated. Anyway, it's not the only reason.
An apartment-warming gift? We got to give presents to people for moving? Birthdays, Christmas, it's enough gifts. I would like one month off.
(continuing) I feel like a family. In fact, yesterday was Grace's birthday. She's such a sweet woman so, we had a little party, with cake and champagne. I made a toast.
No problem. There's no problem. She just owes me ten dollars, that's all.
No, I don't know. Maybe you haven't. You know, not everybody's seen a massage table.
What kind of a therapist are you? I'm telling I'm scared that something terrible is gonna happen to me, right away you start looking for tumors?
Come on. Ya wanna go get some lunch?
Siege mentality, Jerry. They really want me out of here. Theyve downgraded me to some sort of a bunker. Im like Hitlers last days here.
I don't know, I like stuff you don't have to think about too much.
That's perfect! He's a zoo guy! He take's care of animals. C-Can I bring the squirrel by?
How could she leave us alone with this lunatic? Ten more minutes, and thats it! Im leaving. I have to tell you, this guy scares me.
(desperate) Steinbrenner had me committed! I'm in the nuthouse!
No, Kramer. I have to have this statue.
Today. Im going today. Just dont do anything until you hear from me.
Yeah, anyway, she's uh, having some kind of a family lunch, I'll swing by after.
(hurriedly leaves Rudy's) They had plans, They had plans!
Snoopy and Prickly Pete. Should I keep driving?
Youre a fine person. Youre a humanitarian. Shes very sexy.
I like to stop at the duty free shop!
Gone. (Moves over to a chair in the living room. Kramer takes the carton of food to the table, and begins eating) The tenant association made me give it to this guy because he was an Andrea Doria survivor..
Ha ha. Everything's timed out to perfection, Jerry. Slippery Pete's got the Frogger running on battery power, the truck will be there any minute, and Kramer's taped out the loading zone.
Pssh. Would the protg pick up stuff for the mentor?
Maybe the baby would like to see my spot. A positive, uplifting message to start his life out with. Huh, You can still get a great space in this city - if you apply yourself.
Hey, grown-up. (they both chuckle, George notices Gwen enter the room) Oh my god, there she is. Go ahead, go ahead. (to the others) Let's go, let's go. All right what are they saying?
Yeah, this is my first time here. (nudges Jerry again)
Yes, I am familiar with this syndrome -- she's a two-face.
(Laughs slightly) A physician married to a salesman. (Chuckles) Well, I gotta tell you, Beth, you coulda done a lot better than him.
Really? You like it? I got it at a flea market today.
Well, I've to every Brentano's. This thing's flagged in every database in town!
What kind of a sick, demented person wants another person's glasses?
(Trying to keep it down) Because I like this one! (Notices people staring at him, he quickly gets up, collecting the his coat and the tiny replica) C'mon, let's go. Let's go! (On his way out, he stops in front of a woman blocking his path) Oh, hi.. (Embarrassed about the doll, he sheepishly walks out)
You mean a walk back in? That's the toughest move in the business. You're sending me out into no-mans-land, and if I get shot down I have to crawl all the way back. Well I can't do it! I can't do it, I tell ya!
So... here I am. Ready to take you to the Hamptons.
Marisa Tomei! I, just spoke to Marisa Tomei! (sitting opposite Elaine) And I wasn't even that nervous.
I mean it's hard enough to meet a woman you dislike, much less like.
Alright, whatever! Now. Whatever caused the damage...(drops a tiny briefcase onto the table in the model)...was jarring enough to completely stop the tape.
Ladies. I, uh, I haven't seen this before.
Are you kidding? I lie every second of the day. My whole life is a sham!
I don't know, I have to call her, tell her where we are. I'm very lucky she's even considering seeing me at all.
Oh, yes. I - I'm your baby bluey.
(Silently squinches his mouth and nods at Kramer)
Why'd you pick Hoover? Was he that interesting to talk to?
I just wanted to talk to Tony for a minute (hands Elaine some stuff)
So call her up and tell her to bring you another one. She'll be delighted to talk to you.
Of course he is. There's got to be houses for rent in Tuscany. Do you know how big Tuscany is?
Well the sex was okay, but I threw up from the Hennigans.
Did you ever go to a singles weekend in the Poconos?
The government is very touchy about us being in the air. Let us run around on the ground as much as we want. Anything in the air is a big production.
People smoke, Elaine. My mother smoked. It didnt hurt me.
Yes, it is consistent. I've, uh, I've tried to maintain a consistent feel throughout the house.
They'll make you a Big Salad. What do you think, they're the only one's that make a Big Salad?
Um, excuse me, have you see a guy with like a horse face, big teeth, and a, and a pointed nose?
(reading the tabs) Jerry, yours is eleven dollars.
I never tasted a cough medicine I didn't love.
(pointedly to Elaine) Oh. Thanks very much for yesterday, by the way.
Oh, this is my friend, Jerry Seinfeld. I just bumped into him around the corner. Isnt that a coincidence? The funny thing is, I see him all the time.
Oh. Oh. Yeah, sure. Here. Uh, sit down. Uh, uh, cheese, there? (he grabs a suit jacket from the desk chair and puts it on)
And, it is all because of that car
Oh, no no no -- We bought the wine here before, but now, you know we're bl-blocked in by some car double parked and we're just waiting for the guy to pull out.
Well, we just blew 240 bucks on a wheelchair.
Ya gotta put on a show, ya always gotta give them a big show. You always have to be 'on' otherwise why would they like me? They'd just go for a better looking guy with more money.
(sarcasm) Hu-hu, like I don't know that? (excitement) My Cousin Vinnie, I love that! I, George Costanza, could be on a date with an Oscar winner! An Oscar winner, Jerry! You know what that's like? It's like if fifty years ago, someone fixed me up with Katherine Hepburn? Same thing!
It's break up by association. Besides, she's mad at me anyway because of my birthday present.
You arms look like something hanging in a kosher deli.
All Simons was able to find out is that hes in the hospital.
Awright, listen, can you uh, gimme a lift back to my place?
Actually, (George flips the book back to the beginning) I'll take these nice glossy ones.
Me? No, no, I don't, I don't. Doing very well, very well, yep.
Yeah. I love Hampton tomatoes. You know, you can eat 'em like apples. You know it's funny, the tomato never really took on as a hand fruit.
(sitting) So, guess where Mr 'Ocean phoned' turned up? He's working for Firestone, in Akron, Ohio.
He's an obscure writer. Betnik, on the village.
Yeah, I never know what's going on there.
Now, if this mechanic guy, was, in fact, eating a 5th Avenue bar, as he claims, wouldnt you agree he would have no problem picking one out from a candy line-up?
If you had like five chickens could you tell them apart by just the way they acted? Or would they all just be walking around? Bak, bak, baak, bak? Cause if they have individual personalities Im not sure we should be eaten `em. What's the matter with you?
What about the skin? I need a good cheek, I like a good cheek.
I didn't even know it was a job.
No, no. I just got here. A few minutes ago.
No, no, no, no, Im It. I win.
Well, you know, to be honest sir -- my, my new secretary Ade, came up with that one.
Did I get him in trouble? Because of what I said?! I just told him what happened.. he didn't do it on purpose.. (Mangager and busboy are arguing. The busboy points in the direction of George) He pointed at me. Why did he point at me?!
Well how could you just play your message in front of anybody?
Say it's Saturday night in Spain. They go out dancing. You think they do the flamenco?
Oh, its a great place, its uh two-bedroom uh, west 83rd bout half block from the park.
Tuesday? I can't do it Tuesday. Steinbrenner needs me to run---
Oh, no, Sir. Festivus is all too real. And.. I could prove it - if I had to.
No, no, Hey I'll get it. What's in the BIG salad?
I really can not comprehend how stupid people could be sometimes. Can you comprehend it?
(jokingly) You are still paying for this lunch?
Elaine, I once told a woman that I coined the phrase, "Pardon my French."
You know, I can't talk to you anymore.
I eh, I had a sandwich in my pocket.
More wine and turkey? (Pours Celia more wine)
We're on the Grand Central, there's no traffic.
Yes, she wants me to like her, if she likes me. But she doesnt like me!
Whatcha got there, the 4-volt? Heh, I did you a favor.
Oh Shut up! What are you doing back so soon, anyway? (puts the tape back in it's case.)
It moved! It was imperceptible but I-I felt it.
She probably gets that impression because you're cool. You're under control. Like me. Nothing wrong with that.
All right, I made up the part about the car, but the rest is true. And he hated me anyway!
(to Jerry) Have you seen the waitresses in there lately? I never had so much coffee in my life.
(hearing Jerry broke up with Patty) Are you still down in the dumps? Come on. It's just a chick.
That's where I come in. Umm, on splat. Uh, you see, Mrs. Sweedler, or is it hospital administrator Sweedler?
(Trying to keep his voice down) I think you've done a lot more than talk! You betrayed me!
Oh sure, sure. You wanna be alone, sure. I understand that, you wanna a little time to think uh thing..ponder things..you know..ruminant..(chuckles) you go ahead, lotta stuff on your mind..you think things out..Think, mull, mull, do a lot of mulling. (short laugh then exits Monk's)
No. Semi-daily. Four or five times a week.
I can't come out. They're standing right by the door. Throw it up!
Of course you do, but youre imagining a guy you like, not a guy who goes, Oh no, I dont drink coffee late at night. If I call her now, shes gonna think Im too needy. Women dont wanna see need. They want a take-charge guy  a colonel, a Kaiser, a tsar.
Tennis courts? W-w-what about the yard? Where do they have the gang fights?
Wait a minute. This looks familiar. This reminds me of something. I can do this.
It became very clear to me sitting out there today, that every decision I've ever made, in my entire life, has been wrong. My life is the complete opposite of everything I want it to be. Every instinct I have, in every of aspect of life, be it something to wear, something to eat ... It's all been wrong. (chuckles) Everywhere.
"Arrrrrrgh!! .. It's George.. Oh! Sports wholesaler. yeah. yeah. .. thanks for calling back. No , no , no still got the shoes, still got the shoes. Lots of them. This is.. beautiful athletic gear."
Huh... Cape... (turns, distracted, heads slowly towards door) What was a man with a cape doin' with my father?... What was my father doing with a man in a cape?... (opens door) Why a cape? Hmm! (exits)
For that rent, shed take a bath in the toilet tank if she had to.
Hey, Ring Dings are better than anything you're gonna get at a bakery.
Well, you didn't hear it from me, but needless to say, if you go in there - stick with the consumee.
They always make me take stock of my life. And how Ive pretty much wasted all of it, and how I plan to continue wasting it.
I am. Im a nice guy. And she seduced me! We were in my apartment, Im sitting on the couch, shes on the chair. I get up to go to the bathroom, I come back, shes on the couch. What am I supposed to do? Not do anything? I couldnt do that. I wouldve insulted her.
She just dislikes me so much... It's irresistable.
I'm engaged to Mr. Ross' niece. I'm probably gonna be taking over this whole place someday so if I were you I would stay on my good side.
I think I was affected by the caffeine.
I'm out! Fantastic apartment right across from mine, huh. I can't wait for you to see it.
Why can't we do this on the phone? What's Kramer doing now?
Well, uhm, I think I'd like to do it.
--Astroturf? You know who's responsible for that, don't you?! The Jews! Ah, the Jews hate grass. They always have, they always will.
I did it. Hunh, we're going out as soon as she gets off of work and it'll still be daytime. You know I, Im much better in the daytime then I am at night. it's less pressure.
Hunh, pph (raises hands slightly, in amazement) How was it?
Well then she's just a Liar, Isn't she?
(sensing his chance) Well, they do now. Neighborhood's changing.
Yeah. Actually it was in gym class. I was trying to climb the ropes and Jerry was spotting me. I kept slipping and burning my thighs and then finally I slipped and fell on Jerry's head. We've been close ever since.
(eating a pickle) Well they're his tickets, he can do what he wants with them.
(after waitress walks away) I don't believe it, she did it again!
Ten minutes! Here, here, (Fishes a box of Tic-Tacs out of his coat pocket and tosses them to her) Have some Tic-Tacs.
I never heard him say anything really funny.
Of course I mean that. I am incapable of guile.
Oh, I'm goin' baby. I'm goin.' (Heads for the door, then stops.) It's Jerry's fault. He took out all my good lines. He's such a control freak!
Oh, gotta get fifty. Gotta get fifty. All right, I tell you what. We go to the coffee shop, you call your manager. Maybe they made an offer.
Yeah, of course she did. That's all I ever heard growing up is 'Why can't you be more like Lloyd Braun?' Did you know he was in a mental institution?
George Costanza. Susan's, uh, friend? Long time no speak.
Why did you refuse the package. Everybody loves a package.
You see that woman on the horse? (points)
I'll tell you what I'd like to do. I'd like to replace that rye.
What about these two? Aren't they gonna chip in?
I can't believe you called me a chucker. No way I'm a chucker, I do not chuck, never chucked, never have chucked, never will chuck, no chuck!
( mouth full) Hi, this is fantastic ( puts the pit in the a plate)D'you ever had a Macanaw peach?
(positive) Yes. From endorsing checks for the Super Terrific Happy Hour. (laughs)
And she didn't say something to you about a certain something?
Yeah. Yeah. It's the only way. Come on. What are you, kidding me?
How are they gonna make that book into a movie?
(whispering) Glenda, can I ask you a favor? Can I have this seat?
Oh, no. No. No. No. No. Nothing. I'm fine. Everything's fine. Fine. Just get a little nervous on the weekends, that's all. Could I, uh, could I get a glass of water?
Well what's in this giant box out in the hall?
You start flirting with him and I'll come by and, while you're keeping him busy, I'll slip it in his drink.
I need higher. This has paba in it, I need paba-free.
Well I just stomped some pigeons in the park. They - they didn't move.
Y'know, I'm better with the mothers than I am with the daughters.
The doctors thought he had cancer, but the surgery revealed he never actually had it.
No, no. No, no, no. It was not trash!
You know, suddenly I'm in the mood for pasta primavera myself. (Jerry nudges George to sneak a peek at Molly's cleavage as she bends over and looks in her backpack. Jerry has a quick look, but George stares, hypnotized. Russell comes up behind George.)
(at dinner with his cousin) Some more merlot?
And isn't it more fun using the urinal?
Why doesn't *he* pick you up after the operation. He's got the car with the bench seats that you like.
I insist. Ill fix us a drink. (phone rings  who would that be?) I got it.
English. Does anybody speak English .Nobody speaks English.
No-no-no, Kramer. Kramer! Kramer! You *cannot* abandon people in the middle of an airport pickup! It's a binding social contract. We... we must go forward... not back.
Ha Ho! (he turns and walks out the door)
I guess I've been hanging on to them for so long cuz i couldn't accept the fact that Dad was really gone forever (hugs a piece of clothing)
The nickname. George. What is that? It's nothing. It's got no snap, no zip. I need a nickname that makes people light up.
So, I broke up with Maura. It's done. I'm out.
Well then...then you really have something to think about because.....you know if there's any doubt in your mind ....and.. and,, it doesn't even have to be a big doubt, you know even a tiny doubt, a DOT of a doubt.. and.....
Why does it always seem like I'm the only one working at this break-up?
Oh, I found him. He was sitting on the steps of the library. I sat down next to him. He smelled like the locker room after that game against Erasmus
Excuse me, I've got a maniac stalking me, I'm not staying in the city.
No. Nothing. Fine. (he sits at the table)
(resentfully dampened) It's not a prom. It's a Ball.
Yeah, sure, we met at Jerry Seinfeld's apartment. When you fumigated for fleas over there.
She, uh, went shopping for some shoes for the wedding and, yada yada yada, I'll see her in six to eight months. (Kramer and Julie enter)
Mmm, no. Boy, it really didn't come out too well, did it?
Yeah, you know we spoke for a little bit...
No..hummm, What do you know about what you look like.
I just pray Kruger doesn't realize that it's gone until this guy can fix it up.
What is that? Its ridiculous! You dont even know what hotel shes staying at, you cant call her. Thats a signal, Jerry, thats a signal! (snaps his fingers) Signal!
No, Im saying, if a situation arose in which you didnt want it, I might take it.
No, I don't know who was doing that.
They're selling coffee, bran muffins.. you're surrounded by reading material. It's entrapment!
Do you believe this? We're fighting. We're fighting.
Aw, hoh, oh Deena, thank God. (he hugs Deena) Thank God you're here. Listen, you gotta help me. You gotta tell these people that I'm okay. You know that I don't belong in here.
Oh, hello, it's you! (angry) Listen lady, I got six minutes left on that meter, and I'm not budging til you admit you stole my twenty dollars. (smug) Huh-hu-hur, you're not so tough when you're not on your horse, are you Ruthie?
Oh, yes I am. Mr. Thomassoulo likes to play dirty. Well, theres nothing dirtier than a giant ball of oil.
Hu humm? i suppose we could go to Lincoln Center and I'd be wearing sneakers and jeans and that would be fine too.
Tell me your impressions, I would love to hear what a young woman thinks of "The Big Game".
Hehehehehe (higher tone laugh, though still quietly )
I'm telling you, that cashier is riding horses on my money.
Nothing. Uh, I don't know. I gotta go.
See, didn't bother Susan either. That's why I'm different. I can sense the slightest human suffering.
Did you feel that tension? We use to have banter - (puts menu back with frustration) - there's no more banter.
(to Jay) What do you think it is?
Oh, man, it's spinach! I've been walking around like this all afternoon.
(excited) Great news! I showed the pilot to Kramer's Japanese friends. They loved it!
Alright, c'mon, scooch over. (Tries to squeeze into the corner seat of the couch and struggles with Remy. He spills his glass of grape juice all over the couch in the process.)
You could take the IQ test for me. I could pass it to you out a window. We could do it, she lives in the first floor.
Dad, you know what it takes to compete with Microsoft and IBM?
(angry, to himself) The ocean called. Running outta shrimp. Outta shrimp! (a thought occurs) Oh! Yes! That's what I shoulda said! (frustrated shout) Dammit!
Oh ah, I uh, will have that for you by after lunch.
It doesn't matter if it's more comfortable. It's wrong.
I know what you were trying to do. Nobody does it better than me.
Nah, it's not a good turn. December. December. Don't you think we should have a little more time just to get to know each other a little.
Ah, a, You know what, maybe I'll just come ... umm, yummm (stammering)
Aw, well, you know, it's your anniversary. It's - it's the least I can do. I - I just want you guys to go out and have a good time. Ha ha. So, you think we should, uh, we should get downstairs?
I have to do this, it's a matter of honor.
I mean, big would even be ok, a little beyond big.
Well, you know. You get to a certain point, you wanna know about your roots.
me too, I am down, I am totally down, mark me down
Sometimes it's good to have a pencil to write these things down.
He scratches off a 32 and he puts in 31.
"There's a lot of money in this.. He's got a proven sales method"
What, are you, nuts? You're gonna spend more on the ticket than you're gonna get back from Grossbard.
She wants me to take an IQ test.
I thought tomorrow maybe we'd try a little corn beef.
Hey, you know, there's this secretary at work that always had a crush on me.
Parking in a handicap spot. Right in the middle of his United Volunteers meeting. When he got back, he chased after me with a baseball bat.
Elaine, of course I'm concerned. I'm payin' for those meals. It's like throwing money down the toilet.
Thinking? Nothing. What could I possibly be thinking?
I'm starving. We should have had lunch first..
I can't. He's been on my case about not paying attention. Besides, it's too late, I already told him I heard him.
You see? We were made for each other. (Thinking to himself) It's amazing. If I reach out and touch her breast right not, she'd scream and throw me out of the car. But at this time tomorrow, I could touch it all I want.
Is this the ticket holders line, or the buyers?
Come on 'Oh George, oh Geeeooorge!' Come on! Not that I don't appreciate the effort that was put into it.
Sorry, you don't know what's going on out there! (looks at Owen) Who's he?
I believe that I am about to become the target of a systematic process of intimidation and manipulation, the likes of which you have never -
Yeah, two for the 715 of Novaj pravas (?). What you're wearing the green sweater?
That?s-that?s-Harry Fong, he's a very good friend of mine and he's a big opera buff. Enjoy the show there harry!... You know what.
Hi Beth (Scene Ends then re-begins with Beth and George on Beth's couch) Um anyway Jerry told me that uh.. it might have been my comment in the Coffee Shop that broke you up.
What, are you crazy? It's a traumatic thing to be thrown up on.
No, I'm gonna hold it under her nose so she can smell the scent of stale Bosco that I had to live with for three years, and I'm gonna say, "Remember this shirt, baby?! Well, now, it's payback time!"
I gotta go zoo. I feel like I could set more of my own schedule.
Hey, there's a tomato stand, let's stop, I can get some more.
Hey, listen don't oversleep. You can't afford to be late again.
Damn you, laser guy! You had to grab it all with your lowbrow laser shtick! You're just a prop comic! Where's the craft?!
(excited) Did I tell you that story's relatable?! That was a great show! That is why I'm bringing it back to NBC.
(quieter desperation) They took my belt, Jerry. I got nothing to hold my pants up. (listens) Well, you gotta come over here now! Just tell 'em what we talked about, how I, how I, I didn't do the project.
I was handcuffed to the bed.. In my underwear, (Sighs) where I remained.. (Scene cuts to another story) She was attractive.. She was, also, infact, a Nazi.. (Cuts to another story) The water.. that I had been swiming in was.. very cold. And, when I dropped the towel, there was.. significant shrinkage.. (Scene cuts to, yet, another story) Her parents were looking at me.. So, there I was, with a marble rye hanging from the end of a fishing pole.. (Scene cuts to his closing statements) In closing, these stories have not been embellished, because - they need no embellishment. They are simply, horrifyingly, the story of my life as a short, stocky, slow witted bald man. (Gets up) Thank you. (Every memeber of the board shows some sign that George's story is most deserving of the apartment. Ricardi is crying. George turns to leave, then remembers one more thing..) Oh, also.. my fiance died from licking toxic envelopes that I picked out. (Sobs and loud crying erupts from the board members) Thanks again. (Leaves. Eldridge looks defeated)
I had no Idea you were filled with such....sexuality..
I have an aunt that died at seven.
What's it gonna be? ... You hear that?
And the amazing thing is she eats like there's no tomorra'. I mean I've never seen an appetite like this. Desserts. Everything. I don't know how she does it.
Unbelievable, I'm never gonna get out of here. The guy goes to pee, he never comes back. It's like a science fiction story.
You can't leave! This is an ambulance! This is an emergency!
Boy - I'm really surprised at Elaine - that whole phone business - she should know better than that.
Rid? Nah, c'mon, the word is 'care'. Care. I care about your comfort, be it here in Queens or twelve-hundred miles away.
I spilled some Chardonnay. So, what did you get?
Fine. Excellent. Could you do me a favor? Could you not tuck the blankets in? 'Cause I can't sleep all tucked in.
Yes! (both laugh) God, I've never felt so alive!
So I still haven't heard about that job.
I'm not getting on a regular plane now - I'm all psyched up to go on a private jet. No way I'm getting on a regular plane.
We are going to the Knick game! Michael Jordan!
What's wrong? I'll tell you what's wrong. I just committed adultery!
You should've seen her face. It was the exact same look my father gave me when I told him I wanted to be a ventriloquist.
Well I was dropping of the calzone money for the week.... Um shouldn't you be at work by now?
I mean, I could understand if there was something else playing, but it's this or nothing.
(Interrupts) And I still say hes naked under there!
All right. Shh! I gotta focus. I'm shifting into soup mode.
All right. I am happy, and I'll tell ya why -- because the two of you were making me and every one of your friends sick! Right, Elaine?
You don't understand, there's a *blurb* about me in this magazine!
Hey, did you know that the Yankees don't wear cotton jerseys?
The sea was angry that day my friends like an old man trying to send back soup in a deli!
I just thought of a great name for myself, if I ever become a porno actor.
That's right, you heard me. Get out! You are ruining this whole experience for me!
(to Carrie) You know, the thing is, I kinda promised the widow Mantle that I would name my baby Seven.
So you think you can put the suit aside and hold it for me?
No, no, not really. Ever since Susan passed on, I have good days and bad. (Turns the briefcase towards the woman on his left.) Some days, I'm haunted by one word - why. Why Susan? Why wasn't it me licking those invitations? Why am I still here? Well, I gotta run. (Gets up and leaves the meeting.)
Jerry, this whole Ellen situation.. has gone far enough.
Yes, well, if you had never taken your keys back from Kramer, he never would have taken his back from you and given 'em to me, in which case I wouldn't have had to take mine back from her.
She's not there. She left. She must've waited and left because those people wouldn't get off the phone.
(hesitant) Uh, Mr Wilhelm. Uh, about the project...
An eye job? Ma, you don't need an eye job.
Hey, speaking of which, I found a great way to separate the skin from the top of the pudding without leaving any around the edges; Exacto knife.
You know, Louise. I think you'll find this amusing. In early Euclidean geometry--
Because my cousin's imbecile dog was rolling around outside and they got in his carpet.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. I used to come here all the time with my fiance, back when it was a meat-packing plant. Ha. Here's her picture. (hands her a magazine page)
I mean we can put a man on the moon but we're still basically very stupid. The guy who's car this is? He could be one of the guys that built the rocket. You see what I'm saying?
Hey, I am not a prude sweetheart. I swing with the best of them. (snapping his fingers 5 times)
Well, I didn't want to break our date.
This could be in a museum some day! It's not safe with me! It should really be in a doormanned building.
All right. Kramer, you block off traffic. You to go sweet-talk the pharmacist.
I'm not through here, Jerry. (Picks up the model of the conference room.) I'm gonna keep on investigating. This thing is like an onion. The more layers you peel, the more it stinks. (Pam enters, George leaves.)
Oh, its from Les Miserables. I went to see it last week. I cant get it out of my head. I just keep singing it over and over. It just comes out. I have no control over it. Im singin it on elevators, buses. Im singin it in front of clients. Its taken over my life.
What ever they had. Miranda thinks I'm a butcher but i-i-it's not my fault is it? Don't we have a deal with the pigeons?
Out? Oh no, I've been to four other places, you're the only ones that have had it.
In the whole world right now, there's maybe three emergencies. Why would you think, on this entire planet, that you're one of those three?
You know, I could have actually gone to that.
Does she care? No. Does anyone ever display the slightest sensitivity over the problems of a fellow individual? No. No. A resounding no!
Jerry, a throat-clear is a non-verbal implication of doubt - he thinks I killed Susan!
I like Christian rock. It's very positive. It's not like those real musicians who think they're so cool and hip.
I dunno. I guess I have to wait for her to die.
He asked me to keep it a secret.
Ah, see, Mister.. I didn't write that report. That, that's not mine.
Yeah, he's in my bed. I'm sleeping on the couch.
(looking uncomfortable) Um... yeah! Sure, sure I'm interested.
Oh, yeah, sure, accident, right. She was aiming right at me like she was putting out a fire! Then, for the rest of the show, I'm sitting there with chocolate all over my shirt. Flies are landing on me. I'm boiling - I'm fantasizing all the things I'm gonna say when I see her. And later, finally, backstage when I talk to her, I'm a groveling worm. "What kind of chocolate was that? Do you throw any other foods?"
I thought I saw something fly over here...
Because great couples always have a great story about how they met. That's why I've never been in a long term relationship. I've never had a good meeting story.
Yeah, I want to see if there's anything I can do.. maybe get him another job.. maybe I'll hear of something.
Hey, let's turn off the lights, get some real 'movie atmosphere.'
So, tell him you're concerned about it and he should see someone else.
Anyway, as I was lying in the puddle, I-I think I may have found a way for us to get Bonds and Griffey, and we wouldn't have to give up that much.
You're not going to get back here in time!
Im outta the picture. I am outta the picture. (laughs) Its only a matter of time now.
I was going to, but then I found out that the auto club has this free locksmith service, so I signed up. Just waiting for the membership to kick in.
Im sorry, I dont see the big deal about being a matador. The bull charges, you move the cape, whats so hard?
Just as she was. Hey, Mario! Remember us?
Thanks. Gee, you know, I thought you were mad at me.
What? I'm not married. I'm not allowed to go out with somebody else?
Eh, gee, I hope you have the key for these things.
A man gave me... a massage. hu, hu
Aw right YES! GUM! Good enough I'll take it.
Ohh, hey there, young fella. (They shake hands) What's your major?
I know. I know. That's what I do. That's what I do.
(spits out mouthful of food) Mrs. Enright! Mrs. Enright!
(forced buoyancy) Hey, you know, let's call Susan, we'll go have coffee.
I tried to tell you, but you wouldnt listen. No, ho, ho! You were gonna get a deal, huh? Theres no laws in this place. Anything goes! Its Thunderdome!
Those birthdays. I told you. They're relationship killers. If a relationship is having any problems whatsoever, a birthday will always bring it out.
(he thinks) I think the hats. The hat conveys that solemn religious look you want in a faith. Very pious.
Brother Costanza will be taking the vow of silence.
Yeah for two hours. She's nuts about you.
Just the last few innings of a double-header.
We're perfect. I timed this out so we would pull up at the terminal *exactly* 17 minutes after their flight is supposed to land. That gives them just enough time to get off the plane, pick up their bags and be walking *out* of the terminal as we roll up. I tell you, it's a thing of beauty. I can not express to you the feeling I get from a perfect airport pickup. (starts looking around) What's going on? What are you doing? The Long Island Expressway? What are you getting on the Long Island Expressway for? Do you know what the traffic will be like? This is a suicide mission!
I'm sorry, uh, it's not like I'm gonna see something I've never seen before.
No, no, no we'll talk about it later.
It's a little unusual. So, uh, Susan and I were thinking, uh, dinner at our house Saturday night. Just the four of us.
Monica, I'm really focused here, this stuff's a killer. (turns to the next page)
(Watching the mechanic leave) I know about the vein! I cant believe this guy..
Now I remember, as I jumped over the hole I heard a, like a jingling sound.
What about a rec room? Huh? Or a community center.
What about the Coast Guard? Seems like a lot of pride there, a lot of tradition.
(animated) Are you insane? Jerk store, woulda smoked that guy! Smoked him, I say.
Alright! Please, please! I cannot have this constant bickering!.. Stress is very damaging to the epidermis! Now, I have an important photo session in the morning - my hands have got to be in tip-top shape, so please - keep the television down, and the conversation to a minimum.
Yeah. I got 'em down to fifty bucks. I just have to do all the jackhammering myself.
You're a very handsome man, by the way.
I was just wondering what it was you wanted for dessert.
Huh-Hi. (looks around a little) Uhm, is Neil here?
[whispering] Elaine? [loud whisper] Elaine! [louder whisper] Elaine!
(on the phone) Uh, Mrs. Ross? It's-it's George.
What a world that would be, if you just could ask a woman what shes thinkin.
What do think I tell Jerry everything? It's not like he's my wife.
What, was that not politically correct? It's a legitimate question.
They're men with jobs, Jerry! They wear suits and ties. They're married, they have secretaries.
Don't you believe me? It's their fiftieth anniversary. You know this is gonna kill him. You're aware of that. Kill him. On the biggest night of his life...
Hey could you do one other thing for me?
Ah. You know, there's gotta be an easier way to open ketchups. They should make it in a tube.
Um, excuse me, I - I think you forgot my bread.
So the plan is to secretly sterilise her mouth?
WAIT ,WAIT, WAIT, WAIT!!!!.... Where was the tape recorder?
No. But I was the only one at the table that didn't get violently ill.
Ah, no, no. Are you sure? A girlfriend?
Oh, I love full lips. Something you can really put the lipstick on.
. We should be having dinner with our sons when we're sixty.
Just a suggestion. (chuckles and walks back to the yelling guy)
It's just a magnificent stone. (turns to Jerry) Jerry?
That's it. This is it. I'm done. Through. It's over. I'm gone. Finished. Over. I will never work for you again. Look at you. (laughing) You think you're an important man? Is that what you think? You are a laughingstock. You are a joke. These people are laughing at you. You're nothing! You have no brains, no ability, nothing! (knocking object over on desk) I quit!
I said, would you like to go for a walk or something.
He's actually doing him a favor. It's less money for him to buy food.
Yes. She's got great skin - a rosy glow..
(looking at the door) He's starin' at us.
You hear the way he talks to me?
(crafty) Not necessarily. Why don't you take back the couch you gave me?
Because you're a gymnastics teacher. It's only natural.
I would give anything to be going up those stairs again.
Well does it say anywhere in the contract about my car being used as a whorehouse? 'Cause I don't remember reading that clause either..
So, she fell, and then she started screaming, "My back! My back!" So, I picked her up and took her to the hospital.
Oh, wait a minute, wait a minute, don't tell me, don't tell me. It starts with a . . . Duncan Meyers. Oh, wow, this is something. I haven't seen you guys in what, twenty years?
All right, but we're not buyin' it at Bloomingdale's. I will buy it, you pay me back later. I'll sniff out a deal. I have a sixth sense.
We could be zipping all over the place.
It's in Detroit though, it's an expensive flight.
well I don't know if there's gonna be any place to eat up there
You know, I have to tell you something. You couldn't get me on a plane right now. I get those FAA reports directly. My uncle sends them to me, he used to be a pilot, so. Big investigation in the, uh, what's the word there, uh, offing. It's in the offing. But, you know, you shouldn't let that stop you from going. You could go. I don't mind.
I'd go to prison as your accomplice. I'd have to wear that really heavy denim. Go to the cafeteria line with the guy who slops those mashed potatoes onto your plate. Go to the bathroom in front of hundreds of people.
I dont want to get out of it.
...and then when I saw the photo I remembered where I'd seen him; the boom box incident.
He's getting phone calls here now? (he's standing near the counter and eating chips out of a big bag)
Well, I think Poppie's got some problems. There's a whole other thing going on with Poppie. So how did you leave it?
I hate asking for change. They always make a face. Like I'm asking them to donate a kidney.
Well if she can't tell "six" from "sex" then how is she going to lip read from across the room?
Okay, uh, look, if you want to just keep on doing the same old thing, then maybe this idea is not for you. I, for one, am not going to compromise my artistic integrity. And I'll tell you something else, this is the show and we're not going to change it. (To Jerry) Right?
Well, if it doesn't concern me, then I can stay. (Kramer grabs the back of George's chair, drags him out into the hallway and closes the door.)
I would like to dip my bald head in oil and rub it all over your body. [No reaction] You don't understand! It's a miracle! You don't understand because you don't speak English!
No you wouldn't. Nobody would. It's just that... they were missing, and... well I'm just inquiring. (chuckles nervously)
(pause) Alright if you think it's too much they don't have to mail the postcards.
Shst, You should take the test for me.
Well I just got the estimate. It's going to cost more to fix that roof than the car's worth, So I'm going over to see that hospital administrator today. Someone is gonna pay for this damage and it's not gonna be me.
What do you know? You were in the nut house.
Let me tell you something. No one walks into a beauty parlor and says "Give me the Larry Fine."
Going backstage is the worst. Especially when they stink. You know that's a real problem.
I don't know. She..She's having some problems with this guy she's seeing.
So, what? We're gonna do nothing now, this is crazy.
Yeah, like I'm going to risk my job with the New York Yankees to make a few extra bucks. (winks)
Of course he should consider it, but now is not the time!
Well I'm very excited about this. I've always wanted to see how those sketch artists do it.
Of course. Your massage. (winks) Enjoy your massage. (winks)
(scoffs) Those unions. (sighs) Okay. Sports,...movies. What about a talk show host?
Why didn't you ask me? I know a million theater jokes. 'What's the deal with those guys down in the pit?'
Okay, look, Audrey, before you take the bandage off just remember that I was the one that encouraged you to do this, you know? Now that you're gonna be a great beauty, let's not forget how this all began. You know, like if you'd listened to your friend, Elaine,
What were you saying to the Rosses over there, anyway?
One little wink. She'll freak out, tell my parents. They'll be all over me. Who is this guy?
"Well...there's no room for someone like that in this organization."
You're right, how did I miss that? (Begins unlocking the door, mutters under his breath) Maybe because it's a crock of shit.
I went in with a pretty woman? You know, kinda short, big wall o' hair, face like a frying pan?
No I, I want it if you dont want it.
And this is the first you're seeing of the coat?
The whole hour just flew by. (laughs - hehe) (Begins cleaning up the table.)
Hmm-hmm, not by a long shot. I'm calling up the Rosses and inviting them up to my non-existent place in the Hamptons. Then we'll see who blinks first.
The door? Why would I go out the door? The window's right here.
I'm the one he wants! He's coming to settle the score.
I wanna know what I did to this woman.
Well, you know... the friend meeting the new woman. I feel like I'm getting fixed up for a friendship.
No, no. Forget it. I don't want it. Let's just get rid of it.
Yeah, now I gotcha! (hangs up the phone and rushes out the door)
I'm really going to do something with these three months.
Well, this is the Jerry Seinfeld that only I know. I can't believe I just told you that.
It was fantastic, Jerry. We wound up talking all night.
Kramer, what are you talking about...Janet doesn't look anything like Jerry
I can't believe you're hoarding sex moves. I'm out there rubbing two sticks together. You walk around with a zippo.
You said you grabbed it outta there real fast, right?
(Changing subject) Hey, I htink I may have found someone for the scholarship.
No. No. No. No. No. Don't worry. It's perfectly safe. I researched it. He'll get a little woozy. He might keel over.
I don't believe it, what did you say?
I know, I hate it too. I feel like an out of work porn star.
I don't know. He said he wants to be my "key brother."
Makes the 11 gauge look like a cap pistol.
You couldn't figure out the World's Theory for yourself? It's just common sense. Anybody knows, ya gotta keep your worlds apart. (gesturing with hands going outward)
I'll tell you something, I've never seen a pilot script as funny as this!
I dont know how you put up with this.
(Snaps, then points to the coffee table) Hand me an Emory board.
Look I need you to do me a favor. I need you to get me lunch at Pisano's.
Shouldn't we at least drop off your bag?
No one's putting a gun to your head. Do I, uh, scare you?
I couldn't help it! Elaine moved the mirror, I got discombobulated.
It was a fat camp. Those kids depended on me.
I was so shocked I was lucky I said anything.
It's not a pet! It's a wild invalid! And it knows that I tried to kill it. As soon as it gets better, it's gonna gnaw my brain out in my sleep!
I am not putting it in a garage, it's my space.
Whatever!!. . . . Oh oh oh this is unbelievable. This is better than my bed at home.
I just wanted to tell you that I really enjoyed Fair Game. I thought it was just brilliant.
A cup of coffee. That, that doesn't mean anything.
I guarantee you that Moses was a picker. You wander throughh the desert for forty years with that dry air. ... You telling me you're not going to have occasion to clean house a little bit.
(Defensively loud) It was when I was banging!
Krama. Open up! I--I know you're in there!
Well it's not up my alley! It's one thing if I make it up. I know what I'm doin, I know my alleys! You got me in the Galapagos Islands livin' with the turtles, I don't know where the hell I am.
May I just use your bathroom for a moment?
(laughing it off and trying too hard) Yeah, yeah. I have a thing for Marisa Tomei. Like she would ever go out with a short, stocky, bald man. (forced laughter) Hu hu, ha ha. Like that's her type. Huh. She's an Oscar winner. (nervous laughter) He heh. Besides, I don't even know her. It's not like anyone's trying to fix us up. Who, who would try and fix me up with Marisa Tomei?
Oh ya, This is my fiance, Susan. This is David
We, uh, we go on foot from here.
I dont understand, you never talk to her about other women?
Oh my God! (coming out of bathroom) You know what I just realized?! If they get divorced an' live in two separate places? That's twice as many visits!
(Gets up to leave) Well, scintillating as always.
Cold? How are you going to do that? You're not one of those guys.
Well, it's a tough decision. I have to wear these every day. I'm deciding on a new face.
Are you crazy? You take your life in your hands with those nuts.
(shouts) Awright already!! This is a very key issue with me, Jerry. I had this name for a long time.
Well it's a little strange. You going to start to talk like Elaine from now on?
(on phone  calling secretary) Hello Margery, George Costanza. How are you sweet heart? Listen, can you give Mr. Thomassoulo a message for me? Yes. If he needs me, tell him (screams) IM IN MY OFFICE! Thanks.
Please, it doesnt look good. Boy, boy, girl.
A preemptive breakup. This is an incredible idea. I got nothing to lose. We either break up which she would do anyway but at least I go out with some Dignity. Completely turn the tables. It's absolutely brilliant.
(In a really strange way) Good, good, do that.
(Stern, angered) I hope so. (Takes the scissors)
Yes, well, you know, Im not thinking about the price. You know youre the only woman Ive never thought about the price. Get the lobster. I beg you to get the lobster. Go for the lobster.
Huh. You must think Im pretty stupid. (The mechanic shoots him a look as if he cleary does think hes stupid) That was no 5th Avenue bar. I can see the crumb right there in the corner of your lip! Now, that-that-that is a cookie - and we all know that Twix is the only candy bar with the cookie crunch.
Are you often on business trip? Nice...oh, hey nice ice-bucket.
Hennigans. I was there sitting in the office and the cleaning woman comes in. I've always been attracted to cleaning women. Cleaning women, chambermaids.
I needed it! My back is... a little tweaked.
Oh of course you can use it, sure. (Jerry saying stuff through the phone) Ok, bye. (hangs the phone up)
Right. (Mumbles) Nastercoff.. What country is he from, again?
What did I get the veggie burger for? You got a veggie burger, so I had to get the veggie burger, I'm allover crums...
Oh that's OK, really, don't worry about it.
You don't have to pay for the massage?
(Reflecting on his life gone wrong) This McKigney guy had a few good years.. (To Kramer, bitter) How could you forget to turn off an iron?
No, you're not taking a deli slicer to my boss...
Tsst...'Course I have. Come on. My cousin's in a bubble. My friend Jeffrey's uh, sister, also ... bubble ... you know. I got a lot of bubble experience. Come on.
It's like Im thinking of something, and you're (snaps fingers) one step ahead of me.
All right, we'll be a little late, I,m not taking a cab.
Why can't I have a heart attack? I'm allowed.
(to Kramer) Ah! You're just the man I'm looking for.
What? No dibs! I need this statue. Cmon, give it!
How do I know, maybe, you know, maybe she wanted to be polite.
All right we got the wine. Aren't we lucky? We got wine. Whoopee Whoa! Imagine if we didn't bring the wine. We'd be shunned by society. Outcasts! WHERE'S YOUR WINE? GET OUT!
I don't know. A little thing called Step Nine? Instead of an apology, he was beboppin' and scattin' all over me.
But it's not a photograph, I need a photograph!
All right, Kramer that's it.....( pushes the camera) Hello . English. Does anyone speak English
rush? you want a rush? drop a ball on your toe my friend, talk about a rush, you'll be throbbing, you'll see visions
So, I'm gonna steal another one, and then return it. That way, everything is even.
Maybe it's got something to do with that 42 in the corner .
Well I was just going to wander the streets. Don't wanna tag along with you or anything.
Oh now you're gonna go? ELAINE I'll be back in five minutes.
. . . I thought the woman was kind of cute.
If you don't mind, sir. I'll be here at 8.
(still in Jacks voice) I'm working on my Jack Nicholson, You can't handle the truth! (he salutes)
What's going on? He still wants to have dinner with us?
You know I'm enjoying it very much. I think my coworkers are really taking to me.
What happens if the husband dies after the wife, who brings in the clothing in then?
They wanted to read a Truman Capote book.
How can you call yourself a clown and not know who Bozo is?
So I lugged that table. That big heavy massage table all the way down to the cab! You ever seen one of those things?
No, I know I don't have to, I want to.
I really don't think we're supposed to be talkin' about this.
I don't want Morgan's job. He's got a lot of work to do. Hey, Elaine, your friend never woke up Mr. Morgan.
Yes! I mean, if she thinks that's me she's under a complete misapprehension. That was not me, Jerry. That was not me.
(Holding out his arms - giving praise) It's beautiful. Now, what do I say?
Oh, look, he's going to ask you about my arm. So, just tell him I banged it against a desk. And it's been moving involuntarily ever since.
Aw great. Now the volume knob fell off
My dad was a cook during the Korean War. Something very bad happened, ever since you can't get him near a kitchen.
I'll tell you what that is - that's a violation of club rules. Now I got him! And you're my witness!
Actually, I never had any formal training. I guess I'd be better suited for improvs, or something..
Not me. Everything should be negotiable. (he picks up a container of fruit)
It was more like a full bodied dry heave set to music.
(Leading Nina out the airport) Oh, no. No. We're good. Let's get goin'. Alright. (Almost bumps into Jerry) Watch it, funny man. (Leaves)
"Jerry", oh my God. He wants to talk about "Jerry"?
You got a line in the Woody Allen movie?
I--I've been, walkin' around all night.. I've been thinkin' about Allison and me.. an' you--
So I saw that new movie about the Hindenburg.
(still looking at that picture) You know if I told my engagement story to that receptionist, but told her this, was my fiance..
There was something so reassuring about that cozy little space.
(to Jerry) How could we not hear anything? What's with this Russel? What's he doing? (Jerry raises his arms and shoulders like he doesn't know)
Well... what if you showed up bad naked, huh? You still got that belt sander?
I couldn't. You know, if it's not about sports, I find it very hard to concentrate.
Ade, ahh, ahh, ah ... Im giving you a raise!
I just talked to Mr. Kruger, he'll be down in a minute. He wanted me to take a photograph for the record.
Wait a second. I think I see where that laser guy is. No! Don't look! Don't look. Oh, yeah, that's him. Ok. I'm gonna sneak up on him. Now the hunted becomes the hunter.
You're not goin to do it? What do you mean, You're not goin to do it?
That's it? You don't have to screw it in or anything?
Alright, I'll tell you the truth. I'm not gay. My name's Buck Naked, I'm a porno actor.
(taking out wallet) Well, let me. Heh. Let me just eh.. check an', make sure I have the right man--ha! Heh, heh, heh! Seems--oh! I, oh! (has conveniently dropped the photo into her view)
Yeah, I told her to call me here and to tell anyone who answers the phone to ask for a balding, stocky man with glasses. I better tell him I'm expecting a call.
(shifty, avoiding Jerry's eyes) Fine, fine. (he removes his coat)
Ehh. (nostalgic) Remember that summer at Dairy Queen where I cooled my feet in the soft-serve machine?
I can't carry a pen. I'm afraid I'll puncture my scrotum.
Uh-huh. And how much does the healer charge?
All right, all right, one more time, one more time! What was the exact phrasing of the request?
(Hangs up phone and pauses) this is great! He fired her! This is incredible, he fired her. I'm out, baby! I'm out!
So I tell Alec that I have to go to Paris for an undetermined amount of time. Then all I have to do is buy some post cards and have your parents mail them from Paris.
I got greedy. Flew too close to the sun on wings of pastrami.
Why don't we get them a couch? (Kramer laughs) Well rent a U-haul -- well bring em a nice sectional.
No, no. I reached down and there was *nothing* there.
(entering Jerry's bathroom) Well, Hanke's moved on to Step Ten. He was spotted taking personal inventory.
You got hookers turning tricks in my car. How's that for starters.
How can I do this? How can I move back in with those people? Please, tell me. They're insane. You know that.
Get out of here. I didn't see any cameras there.
'My wife's in a coma.' Yeah? Well, the life support machine called and...
Sometimes at restaurants she talks to her food 'Ooh, Mr. Mashed Potatoes, you are sooo goood.'
I mean, we're not stupid, right? We know when something's funny!
I think that's what the back of closets are for.
Well, what is that? That's a crime! Do you know how hot those things get? They should be wearing cotton.
Yes but then everything is all pulled down and it's jus.. Anyway. The damage, unfortunately, has marred an otherwise fine automobile, rendering it virtually undriveable.
You'll have your turn! The truth must be heard. (Plays back the tape.) That's all there was. And yet, it speaks volumes. A low rumple. A metallic 'squink.' A 'glonk.' Someone crying out..."Dear God!" Let's start with, uh...with you, Wyck.
(Losing it) does not imply transfer of ownership. Moe, Sol, or Lem is not gonna get away with this!
Because ballpark food doesn't count as real food.
Madam? What are you calling me madam for?
Could we talk about this some other time?
Well, it's the damnedest thing. The cat dies. So she comes back into town, she finds the cat lying on the carpet stiff as a board.
Uh, excuse me, uh, um, Jason. I don't want to get into a big thing here, but... I'm not sure if, technically, what you just said was actually an apology.
All right You really want to know?...It all started when she told met hat...she was the voice on your tape recorder.
I wonder what toilet paper was loike in the 1860's. Did they carry it in rolls in their duffle bags?
No, you're gonna sit down, you son of a gun...
Hey, did I tell you I called one of those girls from the personal ads in The Daily Worker?
(Once again, Identifying) The Outlaw of Josey Whales!
So, you didn't think this was a date?
But I asked you before if you had a ticket, and you said no!
No, you just tell him ah, an old boyfriend has come back into your life.
(on an imaginary microphone) Uh, no, not at this time.
Pay phone in L.A., look it's a miracle.
With all due respect, I don't think so...
Yeah. (clears his throat) We should do this again.
Alright, alright, but no funny business, same deal as last night.
I know what the problem is - I like her too much. That's why I can't make a move.
The nice one that works in my office.
I don't even like to sit next to a man on an airplane 'cause our knees might touch.
They want you to do a TV show?
Ah, I've had everything on the menu. Uh, surprise me.
I'll get him to see a real doctor. You just stay away from this.
Wait wait wait, what is she... (takes the milk can from Jerry and puts it on the table) What is she like?
The name's George Constanza. I'm starting work here today. I was wondering if you could tell me where my office is.
Elaine, this pilot...it doesn't matter to me, it's not me I'm concerned about...it's my mother. I've been over to the hospital to see her...
Hey, I'm sorry, you had your buffer zone for many years. It's my turn to live, baby.
Well, I've given this a lot of thought, and I've gotta say...
(to Carrie) You know, you're really being very selfish. It would be nice if you would think of someone other than yourself every now and then!
I should probably get going too. If I don't feed Pequita by seven, she goes all over everything.. take it easy.
(knocks on the window) Hey, why are all those people milling around my car?
(harassed) Are you aware that I'm being charged for Tuesday's appointment? I had to take my mother to the chiropodist.
Hey, Nina! (beat) I owe you some money, don't I?
Well, I didn't really tell Susan about it, and she doesn't really have anything else to do.
O.k....(thinks) I think I know where we can get one.
Yeah, yeah. Shes punctual... and uh shes been late, sometimes.
Every day she comes in, she sits at that table and reads. Never talks to anybody.
Ah, well, you know we gotta been running because of the ...
The Duty Free Shop? Duty Free is the biggest sucker deal in retail. Do you know how much duty is?
Listen to this. Marcy comes up and she tells me her ex-boyfriend was over late last night, and "yada yada yada, I'm really tired today." You don't think she yada yada'd sex.
Hey, check this out. I gotta give out Christmas presents to everyone down at Kruger, so I'm pulling a Whatley. (Give a Christmas card to Jerry)
No no, I never said I was a good driver, I said I was a good parker.
You want me to find a poem about Susan? May she rest in peace?!
Oh, come on! You gotta get me over there!
Well you know, if you were sitting right next to her you'd have to console her no matter what.
Yeah, it bothers me. Doesn't it bother you?
So, we watching the movie, or are we still talking? (Joe's wife shakes her head and goes into the other room. George gestures to Remy to move.) Okay, c'mon. Let's go.
(animated) What're you talking about?! She's very concerned! She said she was gonna get it back.
She's off. (goes over to the now available public phone)
My whole life is ruined because of the (Mocking, bitter tone) "puffy shirt".
You know, all these years, I've always wanted to see the two of you get back together.
Yeah, "duty". Do you know how much duty is?
I bought a new recliner with a fridge build right in to it.
(frustrated) Take it easy! Huh! Take it easy!
Could you make it two-twenty-five that was his hi-game in bowling.
They talk back. They go, "Hey George, how's it going?" I say, "Get the hell out of here!"
I don't know. I closed my eyes and made a move.
Yeah. No, no, no, wait a minute, I always have tuna on toast. Nothing's ever worked out for me with tuna on toast. I want the complete opposite of on toast. Chicken salad, on rye, un-toasted with a side of potato salad ... and a cup of tea. (laughs)
The second time I sent the noodles back, I tought she made a face...
Oh Jerry, that is so sweet of you but actually i already ate.
Oh, yeah, me too, me too. Boy oh boy oh boy...! You know, in fact, I've been thinking about it, and I feel like I'm stealing from you! Five-hundred dollars! It's gonna be worth thousands soon! You know what? On second thought, I can't even accept it.
No. And he's not a pig-man is he?
How come this sweater is only 85 dollars?
Well Dad's been planning this for such a long time, he bought a new blanket, and he got tha...that game with foam paddles and the velcro ball. (laughs)
Morgan? No. He's doing a great job. (winks)
What are you like a sadist? No matter how bad somebody feels, you can make 'em feel worse. I bet you're rooting for a tumor. (pointing to her)
So, what's in the cooler? (flips open the lid)
What are you up to now, uh, Step Nine?
Let me ask you something. Could you tell if teeth marks on someone's arm matched teeth marks on a pencil?
Sometimes in life, the gods smile upon you, my friends.
I can never get the package open in time.
(to Elaine) He asked you to get the mail?
(thinking of the moans) Heh. (Karen takes another puff of her cigarette) You seem like you really enjoyed your Risotto. (chuckles) You have a very contented air over there. (chuckles again) You look very contented, very satisfied. (pauses) Are you satisfied?
Yeah, I do that too. I feel guilty about getting the pleasure. I feel like I don't deserve it so I talk. It stops me from enjoying it. There's nothing to eat in here.
All right! All right. I'll tell you what. How about this? Got the date; March 21st, the first day of spring.
Or maybe, she just wanted to go to the Tony's. I tell you what; you ask her out again. No Tony, just Jerry. That way you know it he was her dude or just some dude.
It's like going to the bathroom in front of a lot of people and not caring.
(Thomassoulo helps George get up) Yeah, what the hell.
I know less about women than anyone in the world. But one thing I do know is they're not happy if you don't spend the night. It could be a hot, sweaty room with no air conditioning and all they have is a little army cot this wide (Displays with French fry) You're not going anywhere.
No, that's not enough BTUs for my living room...That was a complete waste of time.
For a mental patient. Wait a minute, the phone, we'll call the police.
Right. And, and to cover my nervousness I started eating an apple, because I think if they hear you chewing on the other end of the phone, it makes you sound casual.
(whispering) I can't explain. It's very important that I sit here.
Woah, back it up, back it up. Beep, beep, beep. Tractor story?
(shouting) I'm not looking for another line. I got the line.
(still on the phone) All right fine.... Whatever
(irascible) Oh, I see. So your time is more valuable than mine. Is that it? You're a delicate genius!
(Desperate to get rid of the book) Alright, I, I'll just take fifty. Do - do we have a deal?
(slightly worried) You know, I'm starting to get a little nervous about this lunch.
What for? . I'll tell you what for.... for hair.
Hey. How come I didn't get a Christmas card? Everybody else got one. Jerry got one, Kramer got one. I thought we were good friends. I don't get a Christmas card. I don't get it.
You're giving me the "it's not you, it's me" routine? I invented "it's not you, it's me". Nobody tells me it's them not me, if it's anybody it's me.
Can't find them. That's marvelous. The dance continues.
Susan Davis? (Getting possessive) Hey, wait a second..
Because Im not Latvian Orthodox. Her parents wont let her get involved with anyone who isnt Latvian Orthodox.
You know, I cant believe youre bringin in an extra bed for woman that wants to sleep with you. Why dont you bring in an extra guy too?
(annoyed) Hes an importer/exporter, okay? (beat) Elaine ever call you back?
(from other room) Uh, tippy toe! Tippy toe! Lemon tree!
Oh! That's good judgment. That's a pile of judgment there. Sure.
Listen. I want you guys to send along those agreements the minute you land. Our boys can't wait to kick your butts!
Kramer, what's the name of the store with the mannequin?
It's like the manager coming out and asking you for the ball.
Yeah. (Jerry nodding) ... Oh, you think because of what I said about the manure. I wa, wa, was just saying how it takes a negative thing, and puts it on a positive spin on it.
Yes, full. I love to be full ... love to sit back, loosen the old belt and digest away for hours. Let those enzymes do their work.
You're not out there! You can't be, because *I* am out there. And if I see *you* out there, there's not enough voltage in this world to electroshock me back into coherence!
Know him? Would you, uh, like to meet him?
Youre doomed. Youre gonna have to have all your sex at womens apartments. Itll be like a permanent road trip. Forget about the home bed advantage.
Ok, ok, fine! It's changed, it's not really the point. Anyway, I'm thinking of making a big move.
Oh, no no no. I pay what I say.
I'm a college graduate. You want me to be a mailman?
She stole twenty dollars from me. (getting angry) Yeah, I might've gotten it back, but Lloyd Braun interfered!
What's to think about? If Putty says it's what it is, it's what it is. He's not gonna cheat you.
Did you ever solve the riddle of the pie?
Maybe she just wants to talk to me?
(urgent whisper) Elaine! You have got to get me Marisa Tomei's phone number!
Yeah.. yeah, we're - we're cool. (Knocks lightly. Kramer takes charge by knocking on the door louder. The busboy answers) Uh, I'm sorry to bother you, I was in the restaurant earlier and I was wondering if I could talk to you for a few minutes about what happened. (He gestures for them to come in. They obey) I hope I'm not interrupting anything. It's just that I think I may have - without realizing it - been responsible for getting you fired. (Nervously laughs) And.. and.. and I just want you to know that I didn't intend for that to happen.
All you got is instant coffee? Why don't you get some real coffee?
I don't know, it sounds like pigeons or something!
(grunting) Hey! Hey, wait a second. I got an idea.
He's right! It's the same thing with the femenists. You know, they want everything to be equal, everything! But when the check comes, where are they?
Allison! Hi! Oh, my God! How are you?
Thank you! Thank you very much. (Jerry and Melissa stop and look at George)
OK Look, the gum isn't cutting it for me. We need to be about something else...anything..please.
Well, if it's as good as ``Ponce de Leon'', I'll be happy.
It strikes me a lot of guys are doing that kind of humor now.
Oh, I can't believe you're dropping out, too. So now Kramer and I have to pay for the entire gift?
I'm telling you, skip the Drake's wedding, go to the game.
Come on, lets not stand here too long, we might run in to her.
Well, that's not offensive. (Reflects) It's abnormal, but it's not offensive.
I think I got it. How 'bout this? How 'bout this? We trade Jim Leyritz and Bernie Williams, for Barry Bonds, huh? Whadda ya think? That way I have Griffey and Bonds, in the same outfield! Now you got a team! Ha ha ha.
You only went in front first 'cause you saw me backing up and you didn't have room to parallel park!
Well, I can see that. What do you have to do that for? Who cares about your pants size?
Excuse me. Am I talking to you, Pinhead? Am I?!
'The lights are much brighter there. You can forget all your troubles, forget all your cares, just go...'
(Chuckling) yeah. Uh, oh, here's your sunglasses. (Hands them to her)
I forgot to ask you; how did the revenge date go?
I'm at the health club and while I'm in the pool, some guy walks off with my glasses. Who steals prescription glasses?
She's leaving me dirty messages on my answering machine.
(CONT'D) Excuse me...I really... What's happened is that my friend forgot where he parked and if you're not in a big hurry, we'd really appreciate it if...
You know. (All three give him blank stares) I was alone..
(to various people as he walks in) Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Hi nice to see you. How are you. Good morning. (to the secretary) Good morning.
I don't think we should. We really don't know each other very well.
I'd argue if I could, Mrs. Enright. (exits) Here we go, all right.
Mister Seinfeld? What about Mister Costanza? I'm not here?
Yeah! Yeah!..Staten Island . What about my clothes ,how do I get the rest of the clothes?
Yes, they are bold. Jerry, what do you think?
There must be some way to find out.
It's just that I was the one who actually paid for the big salad. She just happened to hand it to you. But it's no big deal.
I hope so. I can't take him living with me much longer. He makes this kasha, it stinks up the whole house.
I-I don't get these birds! They're breaking the deal. It-it's like the pigeons decided to ignore me!
I know Jerry. He has this phobia about public toilets. I think we really should go upstairs.
Yeah. One second sweetheart. Jerry, I really think it'd be easier if you didn't tuck.
You think she thinks I have a beautiful face, or is she just saying that?
Ye - yeah. And we had a pact, you know.
Wha? Did you use those? These are guest soaps! (he grabs the soaps and begins examining them for damage)
(broaching a subject) Hey mom. What kind of woman was grandma?
He mentioned my name?! What did he say?!
Hey, Mr Seinfeld. (shakes Morty's hand) Hey, Mrs Seinfeld. How are you?
What if he left you a used Kleenex, what's that, a valentine? Now you go up to him and you tell him that if he's thinking of turning me in, that I got the goods on him!
You have any idea how fast these things deteriorate when there's an 'I love you' out of the bag? You can't have a relationship where one person says, "I love you", and the other says, "I'm hungry. Let's get something to eat.".
Ill tell her I bumped into you, Im giving you a ride uptown.
The only thing that bothers me is that I'm just coming up with this now.
Ha! Ha! Hey! (moving his arms like it's so great to be all here)
Cmon, go for twenty-five hundred. Well do it together. Come on, come on. Were in it together.
Exactly, you know what I'm talking about, right?
She might be leaving to work any minute.
Come on, hurry up, old man! I'm an animal!
Oh what's the difference? We'll all be dead eventually.
What was that line again? Something about finding your way in a shadow?
Wait. Whoa! That's the Rabbi from Elaine's building. I just met this guy the other day.
Yep. Classic horseshoe pattern. I've seen a lot of this.
Well, Play Now has all kinds of different rubber balls. Why dont we test your bladder system at my office?
I feel terrible, I can't be responsible for breaking up a marriage. Oh no (starting moving for the door, Elaine begins to stop him)
Well I don't want to get into a big dispute about the pants.
Y'know, now you gotta ask her her name. It's so embarrassing.
All right, shmoopies...what's it gonna be? Pick a theater.
(upset) Could you put a little thought into this? Jerry's gone, you could humour me. He humours me.
I, uh, should have a poem very soon now.
I heard the last guy got fired because his nose whislted.
Right. He cooks my food, he cleans my house, he does all my shopping for me. And there you go, that's your program.
Ooooo, I'm scared. . . . Ohoooo they're not going to do the show.
I don't know how you can let this guy handle all your money.
(clipping on shades) Ha.. She'll have to find me first. (leaving)
You are a genius, it's as simple as that.
No no no no, you have to approach this as if he was a woman.
I think it's neat. You don't hear that much about god anymore.
Are you looking deep down at the real person underneath?
Do you see what this is turning in to? Do I need this. I have to get out of this thing.
That's what nuns and Red Cross workers are for.
Oh, its a lovely song. (singing) How do you solve a problem like Maria?...
Geez, Hey you know something, you should try my friend's wake up service. She swears by this thing.
You put a hot tub... in your living room?
Boy that-that bank clock is-is eight minutes off.
(TALKING IN PASSENGER WINDOW) I didn't mean anything by it. I don't even know L. Ron Hubbard! I didn't know you were...
Yes, I know so. You happen to be a very eligible lesbian.
Now, I'm aware that my own physical dimensions are perhaps a little short of perfection.
(Still on the hot water) What about shaving?
You don't understand. He's got this big party coming up. He's been looking forward to this for months. This is gonna destroy the whole thing.
She's too tanned. It's the middle of the winter, she's like a carrot.
(Sarcastic) Maybe for her new performance piece she'll give birth on stage.
Well I, uh, I'm not sure how you pronounce it or anything, but I, uh, I believe it's Mnage  Trois?
Oh, this is unbelievable. I'm stuck. Every time I think I'm out, they pull me back in.
(Frantically, takes phone and screams...) He'll call you back.
What if the pilot gets picked up and it becomes a series?
Yeah, you know, what'd she uh, look like?
Whatever. (George looks to the table) Hey new tape recorder?
(frustrated) No. No, no, no. You're not helping me.
So, Marcy, you should've seen me in the hot tub yoday.
Of course not. You don't care what I look like.
Well, as I say, the pink-eye made my vision...quite blurry... (Joe's daughter comes to the door.)
(Puts his arms in the air, stretching, and covers his mouth with an arm) Could you ask her, just ask her. If she says no, case closed.
I'll tell you what, if pig-man shows up, we'll squeeze him in. I'll see you later.
Well, OK. As I said the guy had it in for me. He actually failed me in gym. ... ME!
I'll fight ya! Not the face! Not the face! (The struggle continues.)
Just tell her whatcha want, they'll make it for ya.
I take an eye test; I flunk it, the next thing you know I am swinging to the sweet sounds of risk management.
Oh well, gracias El Commandante, gracias. Muy muy.
My name is not mentioned in this blurb...
It's like a magic trick. Sometimes I think it would be easier to bend a spoon mentally than to make that transformation.
(to the woman) Boy, I have to get to a bathroom.
(on phone, as Jerry gestures beside him) No, Lindsay, I had accidentally spilled coffee on the gentleman's windshield. Why would I do that? I have a job! Well, did she see a squeegee? Well, you're not going to make a dime without a squeegee. That's right, that's right, just tell your mother it was all a big misunderstanding. You won't regret it. Okay, I'll see you later. Buh-bye. (hangs up)
(to Jerry) "You know those shoes that Jimmy had? I cut a deal with him. We're gonna import a case of them together."
(Laughs) Steven, nothing is higher than an architect.
(animated) Some guy. Some guy? Neil! I have got to find out how he could get a girl like Danielle.
(on a pay phone) Hey, hey, it's George, I need ya to do me a favor.
(frustrated) Fine. Fine. (to customer) Excuse me. (heading for the door) Think I'm gonna forget about this? I haven't forgotten about this. I don't forget that easily!
I had a feeling you would like it. No, don't try it on now, try it on later.
If only she could get fired. Is there any way that could happen? I mean I know how to get myself fired.
(grabbing the sweater back) Well it's not really damaged. 85 dollars huh?
Nose. (chuckles) What's the worst that can happen to a nose? What does it get? Stuffed? (chuckles)
Yes, well you see, the deceased landed on my car. The uh splat, as it were, actually occurred on the roof of my car. Now of course I can't help but feel that had it been a convertible this whole tragedy might have been averted but I've never been the kind of guy to buy a convertible, what with the baldness and everything.
What are you kidding? We look great! You know what this pudding needs? The skin on the top, you know like your mother used to make it on the stove.
All right. See you tomorrow. (George sighs, exits.)
Hey, so, did you give that radio the old switcheroo?
yeah that's right. I like it. He's such a cool guy
We sat there for twenty minutes, chewing, staring at each other in a defunct relationship.
You haven't won. You may think you've won, but you haven't won. Do you know why? It's not over. This is not over. I'm not forgetting what's happening here. You have my ten dollars. I will get it back. Alright, don't worry. It's not over. I'm going now. Good bye. I will be back.
I cant believe how easy it is. Im virtually Orthodox. All I have to do is read a few books, memorize a few prayers, and Im in the club.
I'm not paying for this. If you were going out with her, it'd be a different story.
I- I'm pretty sure I left it eh, behind the cushion of the chair ... accidentally.
I am not buying something just to get change.
He said he didn't care. Oh, God I love that place. Hey, have you seen other dermatologist?
That's right, who the hell are they? How dare they?!
I'm not her boyfriend. I want to be her boyfriend.
Well, at least we know the prosthetic squirrel hips work ... sorry bout the set.
They don't need any water, so you don't have to keep taking them to the bathroom.
I went to look in the mirror, it wasn't there. You threw off my equilibrium.
(singing) Master of the house/Doling out the charm/Ready with a handshake and an open...
I want to know how did that get into my car?
She supports her whole family. (walking slowly into the room)
I mean, it's not fair. I've been going there for 7 years. She's been there 3 weeks.
The... drivel... parts. Oh my gosh, I just realized  I have to make a phone call. I-I cant believe- Would you-
(adamant) It's smart. It's a smart line, and a smart crowd will appreciate it. (shouting) And, I'm not gonna dumb it down for some bonehead mass audience!
Elaine, Elaine, Elaine, Elaine...(distant alarm sound which is getting louder.)
(animated) Fixed up? A cup of coffee! A cup of coffee is not a fix up!
This is my ketchup. I bought this ketchup just so I could have as much as I want.
This woman just set me up for a job!
All righty, no reason for us to uh, raise our voices.
Yes of course go ahead. My guess is you're going to like this very much.
I got a big problem here, Jerry. The tapes are worthless.
You know you buy a big salad for somebody it would be nice if they knew it.
Well, you know, it's really very funny, because you know what we got here, really? We really, really, just have a terrible misunderstanding. You see, when I passed on the deal, I thought that's what Jerry wanted me to say. Y'know, I, I misinterpreted.
(looking at his watch) I really should get going. Y'know, I..I wanna be home in case Neil calls.
(opening door to leave) He picked her up?
Elaine...let me just explain something to you. See, this is not just a weekend routine...I'm on the verge of make-up sex here. You know about make-up sex?
Im going to find out whats going on. All right?
(frantic) Oh, Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry, listen, if, if you are feeling uncomfortable about this at all, at all. Do not feel like you have to take it.
Don't look around. Don't look around. That's what he wants.
Seriously, have they though about changing the setting?
Maybe we could call them and ask them to return it.
Hello! All right, we should be going. Come on...
I got up, I was supposed to go to work, I came here instead.
uh Tony? there's not gonna be too many sandwiches
Only I hold the answer key to their true candy identities. And so, without further ado, I give you the candy line-up. (Opens a door to a back room. Various dealership employees are munching on candy bars)
(Concerned) Why're you doing this, Jerry? Is it your career? Things will pick up.
So, Im thinking, as shes saying this, Im thinking great, the relationships over. But the egg salads on the way. So now I have a decision Do I walk or do I eat?
I still have it. The collar's okay. I wear it under sweaters.
This is fantastic. Man, what a weekend. Swimming, lobster for dinner...
(Rubbing his stomach) Ooh.. Something's not sitting right..
Boy, my knuckles are still cramped from that football game.
(handing over a bill) Can I get a pack of gum, please?
Wow. (he runs his fingers through his hair, and then brushes the resulting fallout off his jacket)
What is that, immigrants come over, you show them how to act natural?
Maybe Manya missed the funeral because she was off visiting another galaxy that day.
Oh... (George looks around and sees the chef hiding behind a plant it's Bob!)
(worried) Yeah, that's right. What if it's a genetic thing, like father like son?
Sure. You know, Rhisa. I've always found you... very attractive.
What's the difference? The money is not important.
What do you need her for? There's a million lawyers.
Would you stop that? It's not safe to be jumping up and down on a plane.
You open the door to the car, boom, you walk right into the hospital. Eh, You can't beat that spot. (starts doing a little dance) I am on a roll. I'm just willing these great parking spots.
Here. Let me take your tabe downstairs for you.
Coulda fixed me up with Marisa Tomei. She said I was just her type!
How much are we gonna get for this? Fifty, sixty thousand?
(ecstatic) What? You're moving to Florida!?! That's wonderful! I'm so happy! (pause) For you! I'm so happy for you! Oh, what do you need this cold weather for?
I've been to a few of em. If you uh start to get woozy later, which is quite common, stay close to me. I'll get you through it. (chuckles)
You know, I think I'm a little bit scared of her. She's five-three, like a hundred pounds. I'm frightened to death of her.
What kind of plastic do you think it is? What do you think like that dry cleaning plastic?
(we hear him think) My friends are idiots, she doesn't look like Jerry. She doesn't look like anybody. And so what if does look like Jerry,what does that mean?. That I could have everything I have with Jerry but because it's a woman I could also have sex with her....And that somehow that would be exactly what I always wanted.....She doesn't even look like Jerry..
No, no. Deena, it's not what you think.
Jerry! I did it! Haha! I beat Braun!
I don't know what Newman wanted to see me for.
I could have had some ice cream. I think that might have calmed down the nachos.
No! No! Turn it off! No feats of strength! (Gets up and starts running out of the coffee shop) I hate Festivus!
Since when is Elaine's boyfriend selling cars? I thought he was a mechanic.
(to himself, resentful) What kind of a snobby, stuck-up, cult is this?!
Alright, I'll tell you what you do. You call her back and give her the "it's me", heh? Pull the old switcheroo.
Why is what I do is so important? Why must I be always the focal point of attention? Let me just be, let me live.
So what, he's got a couple of good jokes.
First time in my life I've ever gotten back at someone.
Alright. Listen, I gotta get some reading done. You mind if I do this here? I can't concentrate in my apartment.
??? KNOCK OFFS. I NOT GOING TO DO IT! AND YOU'RE GOING TO CALL STEINBRENNER BACK AND CANCEL THE WHOLE THING.
I just don't like the idea that any time theres a dinner invitation there's this annoying little chore that goes along with it.
Let me ask you something. What do you think of this shirt?
Ho ho. This bizarre ?harrod? experiment must end!
I like history. Civil War. Maybe I could be a professor, or something.
This thing can't hurt me, can it? I mean, it is a laser. What if it hits my eye?
There it is. Gate 46... We got plenty of time.
I do too. you see that's what we're about . You don't remind me of anyone and we love gum.
Oh, no, not just me, the whole organization. Especially Mr. Morgan.
Hi, we're from the United Volunteers, we've come to pick up the TV.
You know it's a public phone, you're not supposed to just chit-chat.
( rubbing his eye) Ow, Ow you squirted me.
Oh come on? No come on. She took off her hat and there she was (waving his hand over his head) hello. It was like I was looking at myself in the mirror.
So it was my comment that broke them up?
Look at this sparkle. (looks up, sees Lindsay's mother) Mrs. Enright! (runs after her) Mrs. Enright! Mrs. Enright!
Well so what's the problem, you just put some newspaper down.
40? I'm payin' 60 to my maid. She doesn't do laundry and I'm gettin' nothin'. All right. Once she pinched my ass, but I don't know what that was.
...he embibed her glistening spell...just before the other shoe...fell.
Oh, deserve! I don't know if I deserve...I mean...
(Smiling) You got it, Ma. (She smiles back, nodding) A little later. (George sits back in a nearby chair, looking at the divider in anticipation)
George! She said George? She remembered my name. (loudly -- to a passing waitress and the rest of the restaurant) Diane DeConn remembered my name. She was the "it" girl!
Because, if I'm looking straight ahead, and something enters my field of vision, that's merely a happenstance. (Elaine loudly snaps and unfolds her napkin at the next table to get Russell's attention.)
A woman that hates me this much comes along once in a lifetime.
No, no, no... Just a *tiny* bit... It's not even *frontal* nudity. It's... *sidal* nudity...
(to Jerry, as Jerry nods in agreement) You know I think she might have something there.
Yeah, much better. All right, so what's the move, because I need *something*. This woman I'm dating, it's like she's doing her nails during love-making.
Nevertheless.. I was wondering if you and your .friends are doing business here at the Jiffy Park.... You know ..hum What do you people call it? Turning tricks? Anyway I...I....found a condom in my car....and I'm not saying it's yours but.... I want to know if I should just change parking lots.
I leave you alone for two seconds, and this is what you do! I trusted you!
Like if she wants to know if I'm pleased with something, she'll say, "Happy, Pappy?"
Channel eleven? Forgive me for trying to class up this place, for trying to have the Yankees reach another strata of society that might not watch channel eleven.
Well... (shuts door) heeere we are (puts down his coat and chuckles)
See, Steinbrenner is like the first guy in, at the crack of dawn. He sees my car, he figures I'm the first guy in
In every situation. No matter how silly I look. (Tastes his Clams Casino) Hm.. tastes a little funky.
Uh, let me ask you something. You uh, you ever hear of Marisa Tomei?
Hey. Hey. Answer me! Come on, show yourselves!
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. All right. I don't think we're gonna have any problem with that. (chuckles nervously) Good talking to you Tom. Really.
(on phone, as Jerry gestures beside him) No, Lindsay, it was not IN the garbage. It was above the garbage. Hovering. Like an angel. Of course I know your aunt bit it. I kissed her goodbye. Listen, can I tell you something else? In my family, we used to eat out of the garbage all the time. (Jerry makes a face) It was no big thing. That's right. Oh, okay. Buh-bye. (hangs up phone) I'm back in, she gave me a second chance.
I have noticed she does tend to go to the bathroom right after we finish eating.
I know. I cut the button off and poked a hole with a letter opener.
Well at least you accomplished something. You got fish.
The network executive. You think she liked me?
Do you feel funny? He didn't say anything.
I think things were going ok. We were having a nice conversation.
Five-thousand? Why would anybody buy Kramer for $5000? (laughs)
Who's going to bomb you. An airline for all the stupid little peanut jokes.
Oh, yeah? Holistic.. that's what I need. That's the answer.
(Struggling) No, no, no, no. I can walk it off. It's a hundred and twenty degrees in here.. I'll sweat it out.
Yeah,yeah!! I'll pick you up right now.....All right All right....Hey! gotta go.
Dad, he doesn't need to see the pole.
So, I've got ice cream all over my face. There were no napkins there. Whoever it was that's responsible for stocking that concession stand cost me a relationship.
Jay Crespi, how am I gonna forget Jay Crespi?
Pick up the phone, Elaine. Pick it up!
She dragged me down to that warehouse on the waterfront in Brooklin to see one of her "performances".
Well, if she keeps horsing around with that tractor--
All my life I've dreamed of sitting front row, behind the dugout!
All right. I'm gonna try givin' them fifty-five dollars each... (to Elaine) What do you think?
Guess who he put in charge of Fitted Hat Day? Me.
[to himself] Oh, my God! It's Susan! What do I do?
(enthusiastic) And, you know, I do a lotta business with Japanese TV. They broadcast a lot of American baseball. They got an office here in New York!
Pack of gum. Here you go. (hands the clerk a $100 bill)
Ah, ...A beautiful successful intelligent woman's in love with me and I throw it all away. uh oh boy. Now I'll spend the rest of my life living alone. I'll sit in my disgusting little apartment watching basketball games, eating Chinese take out. Walking around with no underwear. Because I'm too lazy to do a laundry.
You know what, bad mistake my mistake do me a favor go back to the other lane - you'll never get there - forget this lane - y'a kn ow what this lane stinks - go back to the other lane - bad decision - go go go take this light - take this light -
Well, I could be a little sweetie tweetie weetie weetie.
What's the deal with Aquaman? Could he go on land, or was he just restricted to water?
Great, great. So anytime you want you can just visualize her naked.
Well you didn't have to say it like that.
Excuse me...huh... I think I made a big mistake. I'd like my deposit back please.
Hey, what about this? I'm in a car accident. The motorist is uninsured, you with me?
I, ... am breaking up with, ... you.
Look at this. There's no spaces here. (to another car) Excuse me, are you gettin' out?
(panicky) What are you gonna do? Are you gonna call the police?
All I know about is sports. That's it. No matter how depressed I get, I could always read the sports section.
We all got along. Everyone seemed very pleasant.
Look, I'm doing you a favor. They're having an unadvertised sale. This suit is gonna be half-priced starting ... Monday.
Well, sorry I missed that, uh, charity thing. But this was one of those truly glorious Hampton weekends that you always hear about.
No, not nervous. I'm good, very good. (A beat, then he snaps) I can't do this! Can't do this!
Well, what was I supposed to do? Get out of the shower, put on my bathrobe? Go all the way down to the other end? Come all the way back?
It's impossible. I got him a wake up service.
Well, it's not my fault. You poked me!
Say you, me, and Kramer are, uh, flying over the Andes.
Excuse me, I'm sorry to bother you, I noticed that you have a textbook on tape. May I ask where you got that?
(to the cashier) Excuse me, I gave you a twenty dollar bill and you only actually gave me change for a ten.
I will never understand the bathrooms in this country. Why is it that the doors on the stalls do not come all the way down to the floor?
I'm cheap? You think I'm CHEAP? How could you say that to me? I can't believe this. How could you say that to me?
(using the phone) Watch how it's done. Oh, hello, Mr. Vandelay? Would you like to buy a computer? Oh, really? Two dozen?
So we had a good time... the four of us.
I'll tell you something, if I'd own a company, my employees would love me. They'd have huge pictures of me up on the walls and in their home, like Lenin.
Whoop! Too late. I think he picked up the scent.
I dont know whatcha had to tell her that for. You put me in a very difficult position, Marine Biologist! I'm very uncomfortable with this whole thing.
The show will be like a heart attack!
Oh, sure. Of course. (looks for place to set down flowers) Um, uh, could you hold these? For just a second, just a second. (grabs newspapers from trash bin, begins wiping windshield) Here you go, now don't worry about a thing. It's gonna be fine. Here we go. Look at this shine.
(Walks off) I got a lot of thinking to do.
I like, uh...(mutters something unintelligible under his breath.)
(Yelling out to the whole coach) Funny guy! (Points to Jerry) Right here!
I watched "Beaches" on cable last night. (wings?)  Give me a break.
So we started drinking, and I'll tell you I don't know if it was the alcohol or the ammonia, but the next think I knew she was mopping the floor with me.
You lie! How hard is it to lie?!
Hey, you gotta take a ride with me later. I borrowed my father's car. '68 GTO.
I mean, batteries have gone dead before, aren't they prepared for that?
Between the car getting totalled, the towing charge and the fine, there's no way I can ever pay him back...
(dials) Hi, are you OK? no, no,.. huh, (hangs up) She hung up.
Yeah, well I uh got lots of other stuff to show you too. Wait till you see the plum job that I landed.
You see, this is what I do with women. I start out too strong, now I have to become real, that's when it all falls apart. What good is real? They don't want real, they want funny.
(talking on the phone) Jerry you gotta bring me some clothes down here. I lost my job with the Yankees. I'm standing in the men's room on 43rd street in my underpants.
I'm against all "it's me"s. So self-absorbed and egotistical, it's like those hip musicians with their complicated shoes!
Alright, I just have to go over to the Ross' apartment and drop off Susan's sunglasses. You'll come with me?
Yeah. So what's going on? We're gonna shoot the pilot and then it's gonna be on TV the following week?
Well, you should always consider podiatry. (Patting Ricky on the shoulder) There's nothing wrong with the feet. (Ricky looks critically back at George)
Well, it's just a game. Remember that, kids.
(to the saleswoman) You know honey for an unadvertised sale, you're doing a lot of yapping about it.
Oh, no no no no. Go ahead, Pop, you always knew your cars.
Yeah, yeah I really had some guts back then. Why don't we do it again?
Huh, he's a communist. . . . Look at this. "Exciting uninhibited woman seeks forward thinking comrade and appearance not important." . . . Appearance Not Important! This is unbelievable. Finally this is an ideology I can embrace.
I know, I know. Listen, your stuff has to be done by now, why dont you just see if its dry?
Hello, oh, hello. You remember, ... Susan, from N B C.
(hitting Cynthia playfully with a napkin) Stop it, stop it.
(getting animated) Look I, I uh, I had nothing to do with this. It wasn't my decision. It was Jerry! Jerry told me no. I'm the creative guy. He handles the business end.
I need food, Jerry. I feel faint, I'm getting light headed.
Eh, they're trying to pick out a new couch - you don't want to know. (Remembering the watching Van Buren Boys) Give me your wallet, or I'll spill your guts right here on the street!
Sure. I could go the tomato route. But eh, I've given this a lot of thought Jerry. All that frustration. Ill never get any work done. So Im doing a complete 360. Im going for total efficiency and ability.
Yes, sir, that was a good sandwich, sir.
No, I would have picked up on it. I can always tell when a woman likes me, they always somehow let you know. With me, they could torture me, I wouldn't tell them. If anything I'd try to make them think I don't like them, then they think, "Oh, look at this guy, he's not even looking at me, he must have something going for him."
Dwayne, my friend and I would like to exchange frames. Could you put his lenses in my frames and mine in his?
Yeah. Where's he taking you, by the way?
Is that what's hurting your appreciation for the story?
That was a hell of a thing when Spock died...
Because important things go in a case. You got a skull for your brain, a plastic sleeve for your comb, and a wallet for your money.
I need some water. I gotta get some water.
Well, maybe they're done with it. I could go pick it up.
Oh yeah. So wait, wait. A half-hour later Im back in the office, I tell Lloyd the whole story. He says, So why dont you call her? I says, I cant. I couldnt, I couldnt do it right then. For me to ask a woman out I gotta get into a mental state like the karate guys before they break the bricks. So Lloyd calls me a wuss.
Really? Because people do meet in places besides a bar, huh?
Maybe it's not even stupidity. Maybe it's just a blatant disregard for basic human decency. Yeah this how dictator's start. Do you think Mussolini would circle the block six times looking for a spot?
Can I say one word to you? Lobster. The lobster here is unbelievable. (looks at the menu) Ooh, a little expensive.
How are we gonna get out of here? They'll kill us!
You already have an in. You have the same first name!... (no reaction) 'Jerry'!
All right, no more lies. Elaine is been chosen to represent the Upper West Side in the next Biosphere project.
Almost. Couldn't get the girl go out with me the second time.
Do you realize in the entire history of western civilization no one has successfully accomplished the Roommate Switch? In the Middle Ages you could get locked up for even suggesting it!
You had to hop! You had to hop on the plane.
Jerry, would you do me a favor, close the window.
Well, you know, book reports. That kind of stuff.
You have my spare-key in your apartment, right?
(crying from the onion) You'll see I'm right.
Well, anyway, the book club meets tomorrow, Mr. Temple.
(Not amused with her answer) Eggs are eggs. That is very profound. (laughs; Daphne goes back to reading her paper) By the same token you could say fish is fish. Ha ha ha, I don't think so. (pauses) Listen Dophne
Hey, thanks. I owe you a big one.
(feeling awkward) Its uh, not bad, its comin along. Why? Did you need something.
(standing) All right, I'm gonna move my car, my meter's up. Can't park in this city.
All right, shes not even gonna ask, if we see her, which is remote.
You gotta look at this. I pulled it in perfectly equidistant from the car in front of me and the car behind me.
See? This looks right to you, doesn't it?
These are the balloons? Big deal, all I see is Woody Woodpecker.
(to himself) That's what I'd like to know.
yeah, Kramer, we're, uh, kind of in the middle of something here. We're trying to do a little work..
Assistant to the travelling secretary. (fishing for a reaction) I'm uh, working on the project.
Well, it's all for charity, so what's the difference.
Greetings, people. Greetings. Greetings and salutations. What a beautiful day for a ball game. Let's play two! (Sits down, says to waitress ) Oh, I'll have the chicken salad on rye, my usual, you know what I get, darlin'. (Turns to the Gang) So, let's see, I had a little conversation today with Mr Don Mattingly - (to Elaine) he's the first base man.
I suppose he's an attractive man, I ,
So in order to use these, I gotta spend like fifteen-hundred bucks. This is a bill for fifteen-hundred dollars. Plus, she'd ask about the sleeping arrangements, that whole sleeping arrangement conversation is depressing.
I don't even drink wine. I drink Pepsi.
Maybe she could like me? Is it that far fetched? Maybe she sees something? Is it possible?
No, I fake limp on my right. This is a real limp because I sprained my ankle.
Well you know in college they used to call me the little bulldog.
(on the answering machine) Jerry, it's George. Hey, hey are you all set for the weekend. This is going to be great. You're going to have a great time with Naomi.
(Angered) Fine. I'll ask you again when you're rested.
What, he can't jump out of the chair? How long does that take? Here look at this. (he moves to the end of the booth) Here, watch. (stands up) Criminals. Boom. I'm up. (pretends he's shooting) Stop It! Stop It! Stop It!
Oh man! I knew I was gonna love the opera.
You're my mother! What wouldn't I do for you?
Alright, alright, I'll call Heather, you'll get your hat back, I will get a second date. Ha ha ha. Now watch the magic.
Somebody double parked and blocked us in. D-DOES ANYBODY KNOW WHOSE CAR THAT IS? Maybe there's a note on it. Ohh-oh brother. No, no note. Can you believe this?
Hey, hey, hey! You don't call me back?!
...So, anyway, if you think about it, manure is not really that bad a word. I mean, it's 'newer', which is good, and a 'ma' in front of it, which is also good. Ma-newer , right?
You see? Now that is a handsome man. (Elaine and Jerry look right at George) Oh please.
So, were talking, and I dont like to go too long before I ask them out, I wanna get it over with right away, so I just blurt out, What are you doing Saturday night?
That's uh, KL5-8383. Are you calling them soon because, they keep very strange hours.
Ah you have no idea of the magnitude of this thing. If she is allowed to infiltrate this world, then George Costanza as you know him, Ceases to Exist! You see, right now, I have Relationship George, but there is also Independent George. That's the George you know, the George you grew up with -- Movie George, Coffee shop George, Liar George, Bawdy George.
Ava was one of the reasons I used to like going to work, she was a friend. Now we sleep together and suddenly, I don't know how to talk to her. Every time I go to the bathroom I pass her desk. I have to plan little patter. I spend half my day writing. Then afterwards, I sit in my office and analyze how it went. If it was a good conversation, I don't go to the bathroom for the rest of the day. I see her laughing and talking with other people, they're all so loose and relaxed, I think, 'that used to be me. I want to go back there again.'
Yeah. I am like a drug dealer. I got the guy hooked. I am having lunch at his desk everyday this week. He doesn't make a move without me. It's very exciting.
We just came from Chadway's(?) What's going on.
Ah, get outta here. The vomiting is much funnier.
All right, let's postpone it. Let's get out of here.
Why don't you find a doctor that doesn't know your difficult.
Nobody drives like me. Nobody. I'm doing things in this car, you have no idea they're going on. Wanna see me make a right turn from the left lane? Watch this.
Have you seen the new addition to the Guggenheim?
This you are not going to believe. Al Netchie, that pimple. Tells Daphne, not get this 'Not to get involved with me.'
(animated) It failed here! Because, here, every time you turn on a TV, all you see is four morons sitting round an apartment, whining about their dates!
It's all worked out. Nina and I will have dinner Thursday at the restaurant where Babs works.
Missing his plane? Wasn't that a charter flight?
(Motioning toward waitress) I think she likes me.
Then why don't you try and get him another job?
Ok, fine. It's going to be very interesting, very interesting if they don't show up tonight. You know my mother made all this Paella.
Well, I know when I'm a little strapped, I sometimes drop off my rent check having forgotten to sign it. That could buy us some time.
What, you don't think I can attract beautiful, intelligent women?
Yes, yes, but uh, I have to make a call, so...
Uh, we're cool. Everything's cool (to security attendent)
Yeah. Yeah. With all that kissing and the shmoopy, shmoopy, shmoopy, shmoopy, shmoopy out in public like that. It's disgusting!
How come youre not doin the second show tomorrow?
Well, you could move in with my parents. (chuckles)
Let me ask you something. What do you do for a living, Newman?
OK, ah.. (George throws his keys on the table) see ya!
Well, I think you're wrong about that. [Elaine walks past the window again, glancing in] And ah now if you'll excuse me, I'd really like to get started, please.
I'm trying to buy some of the clothes back. (realizing something) Hey you wanna come over for dinner tonight? My mother made all this extra Paella.
Yeah!, a doodle of me...look at the size of the nose , the ears, all my features are distorted.
Well, Danielle, (digs in his pocket) we should get going. I got a key made for you.
Why did the policeman have to yell at me like that? (Elaine enters)
(Laughs) You, I guess, you don't remember me.. but we actually, kind of um.. went out.. a couple of years ago.. once.. remember?
Yes she is. It's a pity we won't be seeing much more of her.
Oxygen! I need some oxygen! This is major.
Oh, she didn't think it was funny. What is she, Rowan & Martin? We're supposed to meet with NBC tomorrow! She completely shattered my confidence. And I'm paying for this, she's my employee!
Alright, let's see, let's see. What else. What else. Oh yeah, what does she do?
Look at that. They got lobster on the menu. Who would order a lobster here. I mean, do they bring a lobster in everyday hoping *todays* the day.
Unless she goes for the bathroom. Thats my only chance. (George crumbles. He drops the cassette on the table.) Who am I kidding? I cant do this, I cant do this. I dont even know how to work those stupid machines.
What? Every time I leave my house now I have to call everybody I know and ask them if they want to do what I'm doing?
I'm the bad boy. I've never been the bad boy.
(Laughs as they leave) It's working already! (Both exit)
(in his mind) I think that ginger ale at the coffee shop is just Coke and Sprite mixed together. How can I prove it? Ah! Can't, dammit. (knock at door. George goes to open it)
Yeah, good luck. Hey I'll meet you outside.
Isn't that why we have locks on the doors?
That's why the world's in the shape it's in.
Just take it off. I'm getting hot just looking at it.
(waving) How can I not think about it? Look at the size of this thing.
Salsa is now the number one condiment in America.
Where did this come from all of a sudden?
I think I could be a philanthropist. a kick ass philanthropist! I would have all this money, and people would love me. Then they would come to me.. and beg! And if I felt like it, I would help them out. And then they would owe me big time! (Thinking to himself) .. First thing I'm gonna need is a driver..
Parker, I never said driver, I said parker, a great parker.
I mean he's a good fighter and a nice guy but I don't like him.
I should've hit the little son-of-a-bitch. I can't stand kids. Adults think it's so wonderful how honest kids are. I don't need that kind of honesty. I'll take a deceptive adult over an honest kid any day.
No, but I can tell she's going to. I can sense it. We had this terrible phone conversation. I was so nervous before I called I made up this whole list of things to talk about.
(Gloating) Hey, you got any extra furniture down there? I need some more stuff to fill that extra bedroom with the walk-in closet. (Smiles)
Why would I spend seven dollars to see a movie that I could watch on TV?
Well, I wouldn't want you to do that. You know there's a lot of losers out there.
All right, All right, all, right!!( gives the headphones to Kramer) How you gonna find out who this is?
You know my last name is Costanza. That's Italian. So you and I are like country men. Pisano's!
Don't go shouting we got a hundred dollar bill. People will be jumping out of windows on top of us.
(Frantic) Kramer, do you know what those guys are gonna do to me?!
No. No it's not. You don't know this guy. It woulda been so sweet.
Im outta there. I did it! Its over.
(to Elaine) Do you want us to go with you?
All right, all right, I didnt want to tell you this. You wanna know why she called you?
I dunno, I'm in a limo. (dials) Hello ma? It's me. Guess where I am. In the back of a limo. No, nobody died. It's a long story, I can't tell you now. Because I can't. I said I can't. If I could, I would. Would you stop it? Alright, look, I'm getting off. No, I'm not telling you! How's this? I'm *never* telling you! I don't care! No! Fine! Never!!
I was doing standup comedy in Kennebunkport Maine. ??? night club. The stage was on a cliff and the audience was throwing all the comics off.
This is not good. This is not good.
So, uh, gentlemen, do we have a deal?
Oh, yeah I'm sure he loves to hear from fans in the locker room.
She doesn't like. Here is your blue one, it's her favorite. (Takes sweater out of his bag.)
No, not nice. She's stickin' it to me.
I, I couldnt wait. I was too anxious to see you.
Let me ask you a question. This new move. Is there a knuckle involved in any way?
A guy leaves a puddle of sweat, that's a signal?
Yes! And I put him up to it, because I'm sick! I'm the one that needs help.
Smarter than me? I don't want anyone smarter than me.
Well, you know, I shouldn't have let you into Kramer's, now you want to go into Elaine's...she entrusted me with her spare keys, how can I just let you in?
For 50 bucks? I'd put my face in the soup and blow.
Yeah, I grabbed it on the way out, I don't want my mother reading it.
Would it kill him to check up on us? No - drops off the meals and that's it. I realize we're prisoners, but we're still entitled to catsup.
tsh (snorts) Ah, yeah, we've - we've talked . . . I believe I can speak for the both of us on this.
Ah, and I got a date with the sales woman. She's got a little Marisa Tomei thing going on.
(fever pitch) Marisa Tomei's sitting home, Elaine! Wh..why didn't you tell me that Katy was friends with Marisa Tomei?!
I think hitting a defenseless child is my business.
I know it's a doll, but it looks like my mother!
Oh, you lying little snot. And he's a cheater. Aren't ya' you little twerp?
Yeah, look at me. Now I GOTTA FIGURE OUT THE HAT SIZES OF 59,000 DIFFERENT PEOPLE!! WHAT IF A PINHEAD SHOWS UP. I GOTTA BE ON TOP OF THAT.
But I have to have them by one o'clock. He's very regiment about his meals.
Yeah, and you were engaged for like a minute, I was engaged for a year.
I know, I know. Kind of a cute Nazi though.
(Sitting on the sofa) I'm on no sleep, bro.
Yeah. Hey, wait a second, you know, good news for you too. Susan's best friend, Hallie? Broke up with her boyfriend.
Look, we're not gonna be that long anyway... we have to get to the "party"!
Shes an... etymologist. You know, bees, flies, gnats. W-What about you?
So, just bring her here. This is all you really need.
I think. (Pause as they all look down)
So, where you gonna stick this (points to the Fusilli Jerry)
Look at me! I am man! I am you!
Well I was lost, I never saw the first one. By the way, you mind if I watch it here?
She thinks I'm a nice guy. Women always think I'm nice, but women don'tnice.
"Ah! your just mad 'cause we beat ya."
(to himself) A cane. I knew it. (to Neil) So, we meet at last. I admire your skills, Mr Peanut.
Jerry took the flyers off the car, I got the whole thing covered.
What I said? I say stupid things all the time I can't go two minutes without saying stupid things.
We were in the lobby during the intermission of the play. I was buying her one of those containers of orange drink, for five dollars. I reached into my pocket to pay for it, I looked down; theres this piece of green floss hanging from my fingers.
Let me digest it. Let me get my money's worth. Y'know what would be good is if there was someone else in the bathroom that could tell me.
Do you know the last time I wore this thing? Six years ago, when I made that toast at Bobby Leighton's wedding.
Christie? That's the one you met in the antique store?
Never! It is a part of me. I will just return the chair, and it will be easy, because the receipt is in my good friend.
Is she the only girl in the whole world? Why can't you get find your own girl?
Oh I would love that. You think he'd really do it?
(ON PHONE) It's a '76 Chevy Impala. They stole it right in front of the hospital. I saw the guy drive off in it. Well he's about five feet tall, hairless, pink complexion.. (Elaine puts her finger on her nose) looks like a pig. Yeah, alright alright, thank you, thank you. (Kramer enters) So any word from the "pig-man"?
A garden! I cant believe theres a garden!
Yeah, the kind that Castro smoked. You can't buy ?em anywhere.
What happened to Babs. She never showed up last night. The whole thing blew up in my face.
You know what? It doesn't matter, because I quit!
Well, whoever he was, he knew a lot about The A-Team!
Apparently the Seinfelds' are too good for us. I shouldn't say anything bad about your uh your partner.
So, attractive one day - not attractive the next?
Oh, this is all locking in now. It is all locking in! (laughing)
I don't know, I don't know, you'll think of something.
Oh my God...You're in jail? (Celia nods.) That is so cool!
You're fresh (grabs her arm) You're very fresh. You seem very fresh to me. You're very vital. I couldn't take you any fresher.
So you thought she was good looking and figured this would be a good way to meet her.
I'll pay you for your time....I just ..I just need some information . How much do you want? ten....fifteen? You have change for twenty?
You didn't find it funny?! This is what I'm paying for?
I could never do that. You know the ironic thing is if she had a smaller nose, I never could have gone out with her in the first place. She'd be out of my league with a smaller nose. And I really like her, I know that. And I know one other thing. I'm not getting past that nose.
Of course. But I really wanna leave my mark this time, you know, uh. I wanna walk away from the Yankees with people saying 'Wow! Now that guy got canned!'
What are these? (Holds test tubes to his head like antennae) Take me to your leader.
(to Carrie) It's just that, I know her, and boy...
Every summer you guys went to camp together. I was jealous. Felt like he was the summer me.
Hey, I brought you some cigarettes. You buy yourself something nice.
There's a hundred different things here. What's the difference between these two? (They each grab a box and check the ingredients) You got propylparabin?
You were supposed to deliver my calzones. We had a deal!
No! (The salesman walks away. He addresses the mechanic through the doors window) Hey! Hey! I see you! That is my Twix! (The mechanic eats the last of the Twix, obviously to make George even more angered. It works) Oh, ha, ha! Ho, ho!
Sorry I'm late, but look what I found in the Yankee Hall of Pride display case.
Well, maybe it was Ghostbusters? Where ever it was, it worked!
Sounds like a scam. (takes a bite from the granola bar)
Yeah, Like I don't know that I'm pathetic.
Of course you do... It's just, uh, y'know, I-I never *knew*, uh, that, uh...
I can't have an affair with a married woman, that's despicable!
Yeah, about ten, fifteen minutes. But I have to stop at a vegetable stand.
Who are you to play God!? Every man's time comes! If his number is up, who are you to interfere!?
What are they doin' lettin' you bastards on an airplane? Don't they know that's against FAA regulation?
Oh my God. I just remembered where I left my retainer in second grade. I'll see ya. (He throws finished Rubik's cube to Jerry and he exits. Kramer enters)
Yes, yes, you know I was in detention and she came up behind me while I was erasing the blackboard . . .
...yeah, my wife started getting on me about the lawn today. Im tellin you, its one thing after another.
My father had a car salesman buddy. He was gonna fix him up real nice. Next thing I know, Im gettin dropped of in a Le Car with a fabric sunroof. All the kids are shoutin at me, "Hey, Le George! Bonjour, Le George! Lets stuff Le George in Le Locker!"
Not everybody knows what the crop circles are. (to the newsstand owner) Do you know what the crop circles are?
I think I understand this. Jay Peterman is real. His biography is not. Now, you Kramer are real.
we rode along all the way to the hospital
What happened to the pact? We were both gonna change. We shook hands on a pact. Did you not shake my hand on it uh?
Uh, anyway, (Waving bye to everyone) onward and upward.
(Takes two oven mitts from his back pack) Alright, (puts them on) I gotta get going.
Apparently the glue in the wedding invitations was a....toxic.
Would you stop that please. Would you just stop that?
Yeah, the oceans really are getting very sudsy.
He didnt do anything, Jerry. Its a scam! Who told you to do that?
(to the waitress bringing his doughnut) And a slice of devil's food cake.
I gotta prep. I need a couple of anecdotes, a few you-were-right-abouts. It's a whole procedure. Wasn't Fragile Frankie the one that used to run into the woods every time he got upset?
uh, Uh, Vandelay Industries, is uh. 129 West 81st street. It's a very small industry Vandelay. It's one of the reasons I wanted to uh, work for them.
Hmm, what's he doin' in the city today?
Well, they hurt him bad. Really hurt his feelings. It's a long story. I- I don't like to talk about it, but I swore then that I would never work for big broker-houses. See, all they care about is money. I'm about more than money, I'm about people, always gone my own way and I've never looked back.
Yes! Because it is the mature, adult thing to do.
Because if I watch it at my apartment I feel like I'm not doing anything. If I watch it here, I'm out of the house; I'm doing something.
Wait a minute? He's picking up the van tonight? This is perfect. I'll drive Rhisa to someplace romantic. Then when my father slides the door open, I'm in the van kissing his brother's daughter.
Elaine and her sponges...she's got like, a war chest full of them.
The man in the cape--I bet you he is mixed up in this! I don't trust men in capes.
My face! My face! Get me to the hospital!
Yes I look forward to many years of... looking at the triangles. Well, I'll ah, I'll wait for you outside.
51 people?! That's it?! I thought it was, like, a thousand!
I was, I had to leave. She lit some vanilla incenses. The smell drove me nuts, all I could think about was food, I had to get out of there. We need some pudding here! Pudding!
"Yeah,yeah yeah yeah! I've seen these.....they sorta ..they make your legs..stronger."
Oh my god, maybe Gwen saw it. Maybe that's what did it.
(pulling out some money) Uh, yeah. Hang on. Just... yeah.
Well, I, I got the pilot of the Jerry show.
"These pretzels are making me thirsty"? That was one line! You got fired!
(trying to laugh it off) No, I was just wondering. The information could be relevant.
Oh, no no no. I was just looking for stock-pages. Here it is. Looking for the quotes. Gotta check to quotes. Love a good quote. Oh, IBM up a quarter.
Not a plane crash. (leaving) Is it a plane crash?
Oh, see? that's why I don't have cable in my house. Because of that naked station. If I had that in my house, I would never turn it off. I wouldn't sleep, I wouldn't eat. Eventually, firemen would have to break through the door, they'd find me sitting there in my pajamas with drool coming down my face. All right, all right. So you're watching the naked station.
Oh, I'll pay. Half-price. Arrivederci my fellow 40-short.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. As long as youre going to lie to the guy, why dont you tell him that you lost both of the tickets, then we can go?
Yeah, my cleaning lady's Portuguese. I must've picked it up.
Where are you meeting these women? When they get off the bus at the port authority?
Her scalp was clean. She had a nice skull. There just wasn't a lot of hair on it.
How do you know it was her dude?
Give me your key, I gotta get it.
Well, actually you did miss one nugget of entertainment. (Pause) Have you ever seen Elaine dance?
(Fed up with his parents) Actually, I think I'm pretty clear on it.
Whatever. Listen, I'm very concerned about this guy.
(smitten) Audrey? My god, you look incredible! I can't believe it!
(to Jerry) Huh-ho! Have you ever seen anything like this?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's in the vault. I'm putting it in the vault.
Jerry, I can't. It's like saying to Pavorotti, "Teach me to sing like you."
I just got here. My car broke down on the Belt Parkway.
She's got everything, right? (counts on his fingers) She's intelligent, she's smart, she's got a great sense of humour.
Uh, yeah, I'll be there in a minute.
And then in the fifth inning, why did you take off on the pop fly?
You know how hot it gets there? Like 150 degrees. Your skin is gonna be simmering with boils.
Okay. Hey, you know what, maybe I should give it to my therapist to read. She's smart, I trust her.
Maybe somebody did it and didn't take credit for it. Maybe it was already done and didn't need doing in the first place. I have no idea who did it, what they did, or how they did it so well. And you know what? Jimmy crack corn and I don't care.
Sure, sure, sure, sure. (patting Jerry on the shoulders) How about these seats? Are these fantastic, huh? Huh? I feel like Lincoln.
Yeah. I may have stepped on her arm, too, I don't know.
You know, I cant believe youre even considering not playing. We need you. Youre hitting everything.
Listen, I gotta ask you I was a little concerned that perhaps I was responsible in some way for your, uh... metamorphosis.
Uh why don't you wait then go in the movies?
What, you think I'm going to repeat the whole thing now?
You want to hear more? The master bedroom opens into the solarium.
It's not that easy. It's like "Beat The Clock," there's a lot of pressure there.
(explaining, with lots of hand gestures) Okay, look. We've never worked together on a lie. Now, you don't understand how I work. I have a certain way of working. Jerry and I have worked together a few times. He knows how I work. It's not a personal thing, y'know? We're just trying to come up with the best possible lie. That's what this is all about.
Do you know how much this is going to cost me?
huh Kramer it's huh.. gonna be pretty dangerous up there
I want you to find out is she likes me.
(Puts nuts into his mouth, and in the process covers his mouth) We bring her to the party, and she can tell me what Gwen is saying about me.
Phil, I loved those cigars! Incoming! (Flicks his card tward Phil)
I'm interviewing all these annoying little overachievers.. finally, this kid walks in - Steven Koren - a regular guy.. likes sports.. watches T.V..
Really? (Realizes) Well, you don't think it had anything to do with what I said, do you?
I'm just sayin' I wanna have some fun.
George, don't make me get tough with you. Whu, hu, hu, hu huuuu (raises arms) Who says that? She is really cool. What do you think? You think she likes me?
She's confiding in him about our dates. You always like the person you talk to about the date more than the date! It's just a matter of time till they realize, 'Hey, we could have sex.'
"What day is today?....Aw. ..Tuesday! Damn it. I shouldn't have worked out today. Mr Wilhem has called a big meeting and now I'm gonna be sweating through the whole thing."
I know who it was too. It was the guy who interviewed me. He was very threatened by me. Why else wouldn't he hire me? I could sell latex like that (snaps fingers).
What if I want to walk around a little?
Name tags! Name tags! What kind of an idiot thinks anybody would be interested in an idea like that.
Ah, Alright, before that, I was in real estate. I quit, because the boss wouldn't let me use his private bathroom. That was it.
You see, my friend here, his aunt passed away last night.
Yeah, yeah. She's seeing this guy, Art Vandelay.
I had nothing to do wtih any of this! I met all her friends, I didnt want to meet them. I kept trying to avoid it. I knew it would only get me in deeper. But they were everywhere! They kept popping up all over the place. This is Nancy, this is Susan, this is Amy, this is my cousin, this is my brother, this is my father... Its like Im in quicksand.
Loves bald? (laughs) Wow. Who uh, who is she?
Tell you what, I'll make a deal with you. I'll sell it to you right now for ten bucks.
It's not my fault! I wasn't going to do anything until you got her all juiced up with your story about having the affair with the matador!
Is there any work being done? Is there any rubbing, touching, finger manipulation on the other person, and if so, who's making the request?
Why did you give him my ticket for?
So, I guess I was lucky that I never tried that myself.
I like this area. I could live out here.
(getting animated) Yeah. Yeah. You know the odds of me being anyone's type?! I have never been anyone's type, but apparently, this Marisa Tomei loves funny, quirky, bald men.
(Standing up) I just got here, Ma! I'd like to spend a little time with you.
Ah, you still going on in front of Bania, eh?
You know what I think? I bet she stole a tractor.
Hey. I've kept the same job for more than two years. It's not luck. Elaine, have you ever sent a racy photograph of yourself to anyone?
(George takes out the suit from the other rack) Well, look at this. (innocently) This doesn't belong here! Someone has made a terrible mistake.
No wait, you can't just leave me here! Will I see you again?
(opening door) It's a big night. I'm, uh, ice skating with one, and going to a staged reading of "Godspell" with the other.
No! I am not going to see a psychiatrist!
(to Claire) Now, a woman calls me, all right?
(Showing Jerry up) Listen carefully. My mother has never laughed. Ever. Not a giggle, not a chuckle, not a tee-hee.. never went 'Ha!'
Ah, great. All right, with the wine I'm in over twenty dollars now.
Right. So I call her up, I tell her its me, she gives me an enthusiastic Hi!
Sure, well uh, you know I'll check in with you next week uh, I gotta run now because I got a full plate this afternoon. All right, really go to uh,.
(signs) Sorry. (expectant) You're sure, uh, there isn't anything else?
I was in there for two minutes. He didnt do anything. Touch this, feel that  seventy-five bucks!
You don't need the cufflinks! You have the same name! (no reaction) 'Jerry'! (heads for door, grabbing his coat)
Well, why would the guy make up something like that? Of all the names he could pick, why settle on Jon Voight?
I bent over backwards for that woman! Is it that thing I said about her sister?
I gotta try and find a way to switch places with him. It's like a Sigfried and Roy trick.
What am I supposed to get, a bazooka?
I was betrayed! That kid was like a son to me. And if there's one person you should be able to hold down, it's your own flesh and blood. Like my father.. my father's father before him.
So, you... you say you've been in the city all winter?
(incredulous) I look just like him. I. Me. (flings his arms out) This! This is what her boyfriend looks like. How is that possible?
I just thought it would be nice. A little variety.
(contemptuously, imitating Altons voice) Hes in the bathroom.
I can't be blind, Jerry The blind are courageous.
Oh, this isn't even B.O.! This is *beyond* B.O.! It's *B*.B.O.!
Yeah. (Points to two open seats in front of Jerry's. To Nina) Sit down there. (Sees Jerry in the crowd) Hello, Jerry. (Obviously angered at Jerry) I believe you know Nina.
(animated) What're you kidding me? We were all getting along so well. Where is all this coming from?
"BECAUSE IF HE CAN'T JUMP. THERE GOES MY SNEAKER BUSINESS!!"
Ripe. Boy, this Joe's got some terrific fruit.
What did they put on this tuna? Tastes like a dill, I think it's a dill.
(Sarcastically) What's the competition, Chitty Chitty Bang Bang?
(laughs) Youd have to be a real loser to try something like that.
And get a picture of him, with his shirt off.
Except for one small problem. Hah, I left some books in her apartment.
(pops his head out of the covers, looking a bit confused) Uh...you know, uh...pleasuring you.
I feel like I got a B12 shot. This is like a taste explosion!
Behind the dugout, are you kidding? How did you get them?
Oh, oh. Uh, you know. It's the damndest thing. I, uh, I moved recently and my files, pfff, disappeared. Now, I-I don't know if they fell off the truck or if there was some sort of foul play but let me tell you something. I'm not through with that moving company.
Umm, Im not. Its just a sociological experiment!
(spotting possible salvation) You know what, I urge you to take it up with him. Go ahead, give him a call, he'll tell you what I'm doing here. (half to himself) Then you can tell me.
Maybe I need someone who doesn't speak English.
Ohh.. Paco! (Flicks rubber band tward the kitchen) Hey, take a look at this. (Hands Jerry Kruger's check)
Oh, my God.. (Buries his face into his hands)
I'm very nervous about this. I've never spoken to a mental patient before.
I was throwing up all night. It was like my own personal Crying Game.
What if she becomes Miss America? You could be dating Miss America, Jerry!
Well I don't think she is a multiple sneezer, because she sneezed again later, and it was also a single.
(pointing outside) Why is there a Cadillac parked in front of the house?
(urgent) Move a pinkie, if it's yes. Can you move a pinkie?
Oh I'm going baby! I'm going! (he leaves)
Alright, lets get in there. Quick, quick, quick...
Well what would be the point of that?
Yeah my parents have it. Sometimes it skips a generation.
C'mon, c'mon...(stands up and physically rolls Betsy to the left side of the couch.) See, now, is that so bad?
Absolutely. You're telling me there's no room to move on pasta. All starches are a scam.
What're you doing? What're you, telling secrets? What're you laughing at?
I got engaged. I'm getting married. I asked Susan to marry me. We're getting married this Christmas.
Yeah, yeah. Just delivering some presents to my folks.
I calculated my odds of ever getting together with a Portuguese waitress. Mathematically, I had to do it, Jerry.
That's what I'm afraid of. You know Mr. Steinbrenner, . . .
I won't be able to, concentrate in front of you.
(thinks for a second) I got used to it.
All right, stop it! Stay away from my breasts! Chest!
She said "sweep together" you idiots, not "sleep together."
Yeah, yeah. Well, I guess I started losing it when I was about twenty-eight right around the time I made my first million. You know what they say. The first million is the hardest one.
(examining reflection) I really think this looks pretty good.
You're not really gonna go to California, are you?
Eh eh eh, can't do it, can't do it, sorry, I got a date.
This MacKenzie, he's a bit of a nut. Someone told me he fired the last guy because his nose whistled when he breathed.
No I can't. I can't die with dignity. I have no dignity. I want to be the one person who doesn't die with dignity. I live my whole life in shame. Why should I die with dignity?
I'm sure he'll be back in a second.
Hey, did you see that whale thing on TV last night?
Did you here that? I can't believe this he's eating his sandwich.
I got some cufflinks I could've loaned you.
If only something like that could happen to me.
Aw, that's a fun age. (Jerry looks at George distastefully.)
Yes, for a sales position. Latex salesman, the selling of latex, and latex related products. They just wouldn't give me a chance.
Well, Im going with him. Id like to... Ive never done a solid before.
Who would Want to. She tried to end it with me, Jerry.
Yes, Im Sorry, it's a new coat. It-it's Gore-Tex.
You wanted a Yankee, I got you a Yankee.
(anger) Well now it's not gonna be original! It's gonna lose all its cachet!
(Mr.Wilhelm comes in and hears George yelling) You tell that son of a bitch no Yankee is ever comin' to Houston! Not as long as you bastards are running things!
I said, Listen Marlene, and then the next thing I know, Im in the middle of it. And theres this voice inside of me going, Youre doing it! Youre doing it! And then she started to cry, and I weakened a bit. I almost relented, but the voice, Jerry, the voice said, Keep going, keep going. Youre almost out! Its like I was making a prison break, you know, and Im heading for the wall, and I trip and I twist my ankle, and they throw the light on you, you know. So, somehow I get though the crying and I keep running. Then the cursing started. Shes firing at me from the guard tower. Son of a bang! Son of a boom! I get to the top of the wall  the front door. I opened it up, Im one foot away, I took one last look around the penitentiary, and I jumped!
but..why, it wasn't my fault, I .. you asked me a sandwich, I .. I make such delicious sandwiches Elaine
You see, It's right here. It's all white...
Wait a minute Jerry, there's a bigger issue here. If you go through that wall and become one of those guys I'll be left here on this side. Take me with you.
All right, let me just... I'm gonna grap an apple.
No difference. I could care less. She's Jerry's girlfriend.
Well, I was very comfortable! I've got my nuts here...
(entering) Last night, huh? Was that something, or was that something?
No. She tried to give me the "it's not you, it's me" routine.
Yeah. Hey, let ask you something. Is it just me, or - or do you find it unbearable to be around Jerry and that girl?
(Even more nervous than before) Oh, the, uh, the cabin.. well, (Clears throat)
So what, what is so bad about that?
Why did France give that to us anyway?
So, if I may jump ahead - you're gonna take dog medicine?
I got it from the Institute. The Institute.
I dont know. Just start scratching. Tell him you have the crabs. He was in the military. Hell understand that.
Yes, two solariums. Quite a find. And I have horses, too?
Gary? Well, well, well well. Where the hell've you been? I've been leaving you phone messages for months.
Probably because this whole Universe is against me!
You know, uh, she has no female friends! You know that, don't cha? Something strange about a woman whos friends are all men.
Did I tell you I ran into her last week? Ho-ho, she looked great.
Hey. You know, do I have a case for you guys to do on L.A. Law.
Don't you see how wrong that is?! Where's your Christmas spirit? And eye for an eye!
Jon Voight! Are you kiddin' me? Did you talk to him?
Oh, there's better, (pointing at the row in front of them) right there, that's better.
(Heavily sarcastic. He's angered at Jerry) Good one. Very funny. You're very funny, Jerry. That's what I always tell people. (Yelling out) Jerry Seinfeld's a funny guy!
Ponce de Leon? Okay. (to Jerry) You sure you don't wanna go?
And a guy will appear from out of nowhere. I say "Get out of here! What do you want? You don't belong here!"
Yes. Yes. Care. You know who I think about a lot? Remember SUSAN ? The one that used to work for NBC?
I don't want to! I'm outta money! I got 714 dollars left in the bank.
(afraid not) No no, no no no. You're not goin' in there.
Anyway, I was thinking about what you said. About uh, me and Marisa.
Let me show you something, take a look at this... (Another guy at the party interrupts.)
Y'know... I could hear you on the other line...
A fan? I would drape myself in velvet if it were socially acceptable. And look at this, hardwood floors!
Maybe this is what the pilot should be about, vomiting on somebody's vest.
(frustrated) Oh, look at this. There's no place to park around here. I don't even know why they sell cars in Manhattan.
Well...maybe not as much as this bastard... (points at Zeke, they all laugh) I can hold my own! (they all continue laughing and drinking)
(Still mad a Leslie) Never said goodbye. Goodbye!
I already bought it! I've been lyin' to you for three days, and now you're all screwin' me!
Well, I'm gonna go back there later and return it when there's different people working.. You want to catch a movie?
What do you mean not goin'? Come on, we got plans here. Call her up.
Every woman on the face of the earth has complete control of my life. And yet, I want them all.. is that irony?
Hello? Amanda. Hi, yes. Listen. You know, I'm thinkin', we might just be better of bein' friends. Yeah. Yeah, you know what, I can't even really talk about it right now. Bye-bye. (hangs up) (happy with himself, but then sees the burned up photo) No! No!
Perhaps. (hehe) I walk in, everything is organized -- messages, appointments. And I can't tell you how proud I am of myself for going with Ade.
I got me an appointment with a hardware store. I'm not saying I want to do it for the rest of my life, but, uh, hardware fascinates me. Don't you love to make a key?
This is totally different! That was my secret, this is Jerry's secret! There's...there's attorney-client priveleges here! If I play it by your rule, no one'll ever confide in me again, I'll be cut out of the loop!
Well, you never know. (picks up more shrimp) Let's see how many I can fit in my mouth.
They would never tell me, Elaine. First of all, they probably think that I killed Susan. Besides, I don't even think they like me. (Jerry comes over to the table.)
Would you mind helping me out with some of this stuff?!?
I take it off when I go to the, uh, y'know, to the "office".
Great! Great! I actually just had two meaningful intelligent conversations with Corbin Bernsen and George Wendt.
Yeah, yeah, yeah we could. You know, ah, Kramer, the next time you talk to her, find out if she knows Kelly, from Monk's. I wanna know if she really has a boyfriend.
So go ahead pigeons. hu hu hu. Laugh it up. I'm getting in my car now and the last I heard ... we have NO DEAL!
Me either. Is there anything you can do to shut them up?
(to Elaine) Right, alright. (to Jerry) Oh Jerry, do you have any apples?
(gets up to leave the table) HELLO!!! (angrily)
Ah, would you take this picture away from me. Take it away and get it outta here. Let me just sign this and go.
I'm gonna read a book. From beginning to end. In that order.
Oh right, right! The blue sweatpants! Gees, it's too bad you can't say anything because of Angela.
I can't. I gotta make the weekly call to the folks.
You know what? I think this Ruthie Cohen gave me the wrong change. Didn't I pay with a twenty? I'm sure I paid with a twenty.
Yeah, no pop-in, no "in the neighborhood," no "I saw your light was on." And the best part is, if things go really well...
Because I uh, I told her the truth.
Jerry? Yes, I suppose he is white. You know, I never really thought about it. I don't see people in terms of color. You know, there's someone I'd like you to meet. Hand on... (To phone) Is Mr. Morgan in?
You see this is the thing. . . . (crying) I just feel . . . mumble, cry, mumble, . . . I'm scared. You and I together, (cry)
You met her a few weeks ago, but...?
(interrupting) You know we should really order, the service is so slow here, by the time you get anything...
Well, Tony.. took a bit of a tumble
Well this is bad. I am really in a bad situation now.
Because, Jerry, it's a couple rule! We have to tell each other everything!
I love it! This is fantastic! Look at this couch, is this velvet?!
(Mocking, skeptic) Yeah, you show us the 900.
"Hey you know , I felt we had like a synergy out there,you know, like we were really helping each other."
'scuse me. I uh, I was in here this morning and uh, I believe I paid you with a twenty dollar bill, (smiles) but you only gave me change for a ten.
(Threatening) Hold it! One more step and were walkin!
You know, like the general manager of a baseball team or something.
Is there ever a good time to have your parents stay with you?
A-and don't settle for 145, you can do better, you're a genius. Heheheh (laughs)
There was a box of raisins on the coffee table. Did you, by any chance, take them with you when left?
Great move, telling him, by the way, real smart move.
You know, when I was a kid, we didn't have these elaborate birthday parties w-with catered food and entertainment. I remember my 7th birthday party...
Thats why, you know, a shake is bad.
Um, all right, um, uh, I'll call 'ya. I'll call you and we'll talk on the phone. A telephone communiqu. Every thing is fine ok, uh, fine, .. [exits]
What does she need? Maybe there's something that she needs.
Well take a look. It might not even belong to her.
Excuse me, are you gonna be very long?
Why don't you give me the twenty, and I'll stop and get change, and then you and I can... uh... you-know, settle.
Great. Jerry, I gotta tell you, I had the BEST TIME with that Nina last night. I - I think I'm in love with her already. You are a great friend. (Hugs Jerry) A great, great friend.
Oh! Modelling! What's that like? Fun? Ha ha. (to self in head) Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!
you better be careful on those rocks tomorrow buddy. And you're not getting any sandwiches either
..And I went down there one time to see...
Ok, everybody, uh...I have an announcement to make. From now on, I will be known as-
Ha ha ha ha, oh all right, go ahead, deride, deride if you must. But let me tell you something, with my personality and this set of hair, you know what I am now? I am in the game. I no longer defer to the coifed. I'm a player.
You don't understand. A garage. I can't even pull in there. It's like going to a prostitute. Why should I pay, when if I apply myself, maybe I could get it for free? (he hears a horn honking) What? What do you want? Go around me, I'm looking for spaces.
Is it flowing? I like flowing, cascading hair. Thick lustrous hair is very important to me.
Oh. Ha. They are my keys, how weird. (laughs)
She called my office. She said shes been in the Hamptons since Sunday. She didnt know if I was trying to get in touch with her. Her machine broke, and shes been using her old machine and she doesnt have the beeper for it.
Kramer, I cant believe it. Oh, youre my hero!
Jerry, come on. If my mother keeps shrinking, this is exactly what she's gonna look like in ten years!
It's exciting, isn't it? She's gonna have a whole new face.
Well ...... but how do I get someone else fired?
Drink your soda! Come on! I know you're there, laughing at me. Laughing and lying and laughing! I had to go to Reggies, Jerry! Reggies!
Yeah, they eh, they do a lot of baking up there.
Um, excuse me, I think you forgot my bread.
The whole time that I was growing up, all I ever heard from my mother was 'Why can't you be more like that Lloyd Braun?'
I got it. You wanna get her something nice? How 'bout a music box?
You can't handle the truth! (he salutes) (imitating Jack Nicholson [a.k.a. Col. Nathan R. Jessep], from the 1992 movie A Few Good Men)
You know the anxiety you feel on a date? That's what I have every day now. My worst nightmare's come true, every day is a date.
He-he was uh touching and rubbing. (nervous laugh)
She put them in her pocket book. She probably took them out there with her.
you know, just by conversing, you can really learn a lot about a person.
Alright, listen, I'll give you your spare keys, but I don't have them with me. Can I please have mine to give to back to Kramer?
Hey, don't embarrass me today. I got some friends in the stands. (George makes a swinging motion with an imaginary bat and pulls something in his back.)
If this lip reading thing works tonight do you know how incredible this is going to be? It's like having Superman for your friend.
Hey, Cosmo what happened to your mother last night. She hung me out to dry.
(Eating a sandwich) Oh, like you really know busboys.
(Entering Jerry's apartment with a cartload of computers) Jerry, I've found a way to beat Lloyd Braun! I buy the computers myself, I store 'em in your apartment. Then, after I win the contest, I bring 'em all back and get my money back. Ha ha! It's brilliant. What? What's wrong with your leg?
All right, so what's the penalty here? Let's just pay the fine or something and get the hell out of here.
Ah-Ha! (he turns and walks over to the refrigerator)
Why'd I think it was timbre? Yeah, she could do voiceover commercials, why didn't you tell me about her voice?
Alright. I'll run it by a few people.
Why don't you just look at your watch?
I'll tell you what, why don't you read this book and let's just see if you can explain it to me.
I always look annoyed. Yeah, when you look annoyed all the time, people think that you're busy. Think about it... (acts annoyed for 3 seconds).
She called. He yelled Cartwright. I missed her.
I just want the both of you to know how much you mean to me, and I love you both very, very much.
Yeah, I should do the opposite, I should.
This good be so sweet, Jerry. Saving lives? She's one step away working at the clinique counter!
Sir, I just got a call from the terrorist. I told him to call back here.
No no. That's not what I was trying to do.
(checking his watch) Hey, let's get the check, she's taking the bandages off at four o'clock.
Same thing. My god, I'm getting married in December, do you know that?
Because! Because, as the leader...if I die...then all hope is lost! Who would lead? The clown? Instead of castigating me, you should all be thanking me. What kind of a topsy-turvy world do we live in, where-where heroes are cast as villains? Brave men as cowards?
Well, at the Yankees it was all about smoothing things over, you know, chiseling away, grinding down. In fact we used to call it 'the grind'.
I told I had a bus transfer that was only good just for another hour.
If my parents had a mantel, I might be a completely different person.
She can't take it. It's not hers, it's theirs. Once there's no theirs there's no hers, it should be ours.
Is there a meal allowance? What about seat assignments? Could I have the Kosher meal? I hear the Kosher meal is good. And I need clothes. Gotta get a haircut. Gonna have to, I have to refill my allergy medication. Oh, do I need a hat? I need a hat, don't I? Could we do the Universal tour? They have that Backdraft exhibit now, that looks very cool to me...
Wait a second, wait a second...and then the butler says, "I'm not cleanin' it up! I'm sick of cleaning!"
Jerry Seinfeld. My best friend. He can explain all of this. (calls to Jerry) Jerry.
I know. The only way to fix it now, is to get a whole new photo of Kruger.
Hey! Great plane! Thanks a lot. Piece of junk. You know you almost got us killed!
Yeah, and, ... Why won't this go down?
So you - you really don't have my hat?
You know what, I'll just uh, I'll just look around for a little while. (moving to come round the counter) I'll just browse around.
I left three messages. I can't believe this woman. She has sex with me, leaves ten minutes later then I never hear from her again. What kind of a person does this? I mean, she used me. I feel cheap and violated.
It was on a magazine! And it still had the doily on.
No, I can't. She knows I go there. It's not secure. (the call waiting beeps) Hey, I got another call comin' in. I gotta let the machine get it. Bye. (hangs up)
No-no-no, we all chipped in. We have the money.
A few days go by and a call is placed at a time when Sandy is known to be busy at work. Once the initial awkwardness is relieved with a little playful humor, which she [Laura] of course cannot resist, an invitation to a friendly dinner is proffered.
See now that bothers me even more than dying bothers me, cause it's people like you who live to be a hundred and twenty because you're not bothered by it. How could it not bother you?
He's a sports writer for the daily news. I find him very insightful...
Nah, nah, it's uh, it's a long story. Just uh, try to get it up.
Well what if she calls me? What am I supposed to say?! (hand hits the table)
Tell me about it. I went out with this girl last week. First I had to pay for dinner, then--
I dont think theres ever been an appointment in my life where I wanted the other guy to show up. (George notices an elderly man in a leather chair.) Wait a second, is that him?
Sorry. I'll just go back to my usual routine.
You know, Ive been thinking. I cannot envision any circumstances in which Ill ever have the opportunity to have sex again. Hows it gonna happen? I just dont see how it could occur.
What, are you crazy? I can't have a man touching me. Switch with me.
Uh, I'm just selling some of Dad's things, (looking into Kramer's eyes) that's what he would have wanted.
Yes, well, I sat down with Mr. Steinbrenner. I told him you have been doing great work. I said that you deserved a raise, and if you didnt get it, that I, was leaving. (motions with both arms in a circular motion to his right)
(surprise) Huh. I never heard you say you admire me for anything.
I got to give the players most of the credit for that.
...and the Jews steal our money through their Zionist occupied government and use the black man to bring drugs into our oppressed white minority communities.
All he has to do now is count his blessings, say a prayer, and he's done. Do you believe this?
They're not mocked and humiliated when they get to the other side.
No, Ill put half a can of mousse in my head like you.
Jerry, it's me, George, don't worry, I'll return it tomorrow, no problem.
Oh, so now I have to buy this whole chair by myself?
It's one think to not give me the extension But to tease and to torture me like this. There's no call for that.
Well, aren't you the boss of him? You shouldn't let him move up! When I was in the Cub Scouts, I got stuck on Weebolos for three years 'cause I kept losing the Pinewood Derby.
That's a shame. (Karen is shown singing off-key on the television.)
Woo! Some day out there - You ever see weather like that? Woo! It's crisp - it's crispy crisp.
...It was all a terrible misunderstanding, sir. Just five minutes. Just five minutes of your time. (listens) Thank you! Thank you, Mister Dalrimple.
You know, you're nuts with these sponges. George is gettin' frustrated!
The next thing you know, he'll have you driving him to the airport..
(As the Twix starts to move) Ha, ha, ha, ha! (The Twix gets stuck in the spindle right before falling. George begins to pound the machine) Come on! Jump!
(seeing his parents being intimate) Oh, my god!
You can stuff you sorries in a sack, mister!
You remember the woman on the horse? She wanted my spot.
You know what? I should really go talk to her. Nothing confrontational. Just two adults sitting down trying to clear the air. You know, I just know if I could spend some time alone with her. I've got to. (he grabs his jacket) I've got to.
(thinking to himself) Oh my god, there she is. That's the face, just like the picture.
Oh, nothing much. You know, I went over to Jerry's. Talked to Jerry. Um, could I talk to you for a minute?
Well you know what I've discovered Mrs. Sokol. It's not so much the looking as the listening. I listen for work. And as I'm looking and listening I am also looking. You can't discount looking. It's sort of a combination. It's looking, and listening, listening and looking. But you must look.
Yes. I like to feel cozy. I have a very small apartment. I like to feel tucked in, nestled in. Love to be nestled.
What, is that the one your parents gave you?
Do you know what happens if I miss him? I don't get credit for the pickup and I lose my 50 bucks...
Oh, I was trying to make a point.
Oh, no...no, that's very bad for the kidneys.
Mrs. Sweedler thank you. Y-You see, this tragedy affected me in a very, very personal way.
When you're talking about a movie like "Beaches", moving from the chair to the couch , . . . that's quite a voyage.
I, I think I made my point. I'm sorry if I was a little harsh.
Absolutely, uh, lets see there's, uh, Vandelay Industries, I just saw them. I got very close there. very close.
Well, not recently. I craved. I crave all the time, constant craving...but I haven't yearned.
Ladies and gentlemen, this (Opens the door, Steven is standing there) is Steven Koren. His G.P.A. is a solid 2.0! Right in that meaty part of the curve - not showing off, not falling behind.
Personally I'm a little nervous about going through these things. I'm afraid I'm gonna step through into another dimension.
Yeah, he once bumped into reverend Yung Sun Moon.
(Yelling from the bathroom) Don't tell her anything, she'll kill me!!
I can't go out there, he knows we're friends.
(taking it out of his jacket pocket) yeah I got some sandwiches.. I got tuna.. and salmon salad Tony because I know you don't like peanut butter
Nah, he didn't have anything to do with it...
What is that, Boyfriend? I don't understand that. What, what does she think I asked her out for?
(worried) Alright, alright. Look, we're people, you and me, huh? Businessmen. Colleagues, if I may. Let's not quibble. We'll do it for the thirteen thousand. Thirteen thousand, and I never came up here, we never talked, alright. You take good care. (moving past Russell toward the door) It was nice seeing you again, and nice meeting you. (to Cynthia) Cynthia, right?
$2? But everyone in front of me got free bread.
I know. Don't you see. (emphatic) He was doing it to fool Lloyd Braun!
I don't even know Peterman. How the hell am I gonna relax? I'm gonna have to be on all night. I don't like being on, Jerry, I would much rather be off.
No, it's a Newman. Well, I gotta run. (Smiles, pats his briefcase and exits.)
There he is. Right on time as usual.
Yes, I, uh, I need to return this book.
Why should she like me? Who am I? Huh, there's a million people to like.
(Outraged) "That's all"?! That's everything! I don't know what all the rest of it is for anyway!
But I'm backing in! You can't put it in head first!
Wow, he really does a number on you. (reads) "Seinfeld froze like a deer in the headlights in the face of incessant heckling."
25 kids for his birthday party? (to kid under table) Don't put your tongue on the floor! He's putting his tongue on the floor! Here, here, have some more sugar packets. (tosses some Equal packets under the table)
Fragile Frankie Merman? I never liked that guy.
[as if the word were totally foreign] My `stub'?
Hey, yeah. My parents want to come too, is that ok?
Nothing, why? You think something's wrong? Am I different?
What are you doing?...She had those nuts in her mouth, she just spit them out.
Oh!, so what. I'd rather she hate me and thought I was good looking....At least I can get somebody else. (scratching his chest) What is this? Why am I itching?
I, I couldn't help but notice that uh you don't have a chair.
Lemme tell you sum'in. When Ponce looked in that mirror and saw that he hadn't changed, and that tear started to roll down his cheek? ... I lost it.
(In a state of hysteria) I'm an eggplant! I'm an eggplant! I'm a minstrel man!
Don't jinx it! Don't jinx (trails off quietly in elation)
All right, that's enough. I gotta go home and take a nap.
You are a good friend. You know what? Even if you killed somebody I wouldn't turn you in.
Yeah well, they won't know. I got the car there.
No, no, Kurt - wrong attitude. You should be happy now.
Well, of course they're trying to screw you. What do you think? That's what they do. They can make up anything. Nobody knows. "By the way, you need a new Johnson rod in there." "Oh, a Johnson rod. Yeah, well, you better put one of those on."
Well, uh... come in, come, come in. (frantically clears the couch of newspapers and crumbs)
So what have you been doing with yourself?
Yeah, drove away.. You know, I said 'Hello' to him. You know, he's - he's-
No, no. It wasn't a shift, I've shifted, this was a move.
I think he's saying 'Son of Sam'! Oh, my God!
Lesbian wedding. How do they work bride and groom out, what do they flip a coin?
Huh? You know? Spring. Rejuvenation. Rebirth. Everything's blooming. All that crap.
Wait a minute, you were at a funeral, right?
Uh, Carol, can I talk to you for a second? Right now?
Only if you buy. I gotta make a sale.
You ask me here to have lunch, tell me you slept with Elaine, and then say you're not in the mood for details. Now you listen to me. I want details and I want them right now. I don't have a job, I have no place to go. You're not in the mood? Well you get in the mood!
(Once again, still on the shower) Could it be lukewarm?
You know, about how when you break it down, it's really a very positive thing. you know, you have a nure, with a ma in front of it. MA-NURE. Iz not bad.
Was this something you had planned for a while?
Okay, uh, eighteen dollars, and there it is. There you go. So maybe we could get together this weekend.
Sir, I'm sure it's not a police matter.
What am I talking about? Come on. (laughing) You don't think I bought all that? (does a little move)
Let me ask you this. If you stick your hand in the hair is it easy to get it out?
Ah, I guess I should go up and apologize.
I don't know. I don't wanna be one of those guys.
I did. I'm back. I love this relationship, I feel so liberated!
Jiffy Park. It's incredible.. Seventy-five dollars a month.
What are you, Bud Abbott? What are you callin me an idiot?
Would you like a Pepto-Bismol? I keep them in my wallet...! (Russell goes into the bathroom and shuts the door.) (To Jerry) Do you think he liked it? (From the bathroom, we hear Russell violently heaving his guts.)
Yes, yes. Very smooth, super smooth. No, but I really wanna attack this thing, you know. Sink my teeth into it. So I was just wondering... what do you think would be the very best way to get started?
All right, if she puts the bags down before she greets you, thats a good sign.
Can you believe it? It's happening! It's finally happening! I'm free!!
I am such a Huge whale fan. These marine biologists were showin' how they communicate with each other with these squeaks and squeals, what a fish!
You took me to one of your shows..
(Still on the showers) Can I use hot water on my face?
It's stuck on a piece of cloth here. I can't get the cloth out.
Give me two bucks. Ill do it for two bucks.
Uh, twice what youre payin here, but its a great building. Its two bedrooms!
What is with this dog, I thought we were taking it to the pound.
Come on, how hard is that? Look at all the junk that's on TV. You want an idea? Here's an idea. You coach gymnastics team in high school. And you're married. And your son's not interested in gymnastics and you're pushing him into gymnastics.
What are you? Satan? I'm close to a job here. It's my second interview with them.
Well, I wanna talk to him about this.
But you didn't use a coaster, Jerry, you left a stain! (he runs to kitchen)
Yeah. (Noticing this makes him out to be the bad kid, he gets defensive) Well, I couldn't run over there the way I was!
You saw him. He was fiddling with the engine. God knows what he did there.
Cut it. (goes back to the group) (Yelling) Would you stop signing?
So let me ask you a question about the tip jar. I had a little thing with the calzone guy this week. I go to drop a buck in the tip jar and just as I am about to drop it in he looks the other way. And then when I am leaving he gives me this look think thanks for nothing. I mean if they don't notice it what's the point.
My mother loves Hampton tomatoes. She's nuts for Hampton tomatoes.
Wow. Uh, what do I have to do?
please please I don't want to die up here. please, stop moving that's all I'm asking.. Kramer!!
You shook my hand in that coffee shop.
No, that's my only suit. It cost me 350 dollars. I got it at Moe Ginsburg.
You got bit by a strange dog and you didn't get a rabies shot?
Just one? I'm living like twenty. (chuckles) What's yours?
I don't understand lunch, I don't know anything about lunch. Listen. Just because I got the guy fired doesn't mean I turned him into a bum - does it?
I was trying to loosen 'em up a little bit.
(Opens the door, looks in and then knocks 5 times) Mr. Steinbrenner, (waves) can I talk to you for a second?
Algae, obviously plankton, hmhm. I don't know what else I could tell ya, ah, Oh I-I just got back from a trip to the Galapagos Islands, I was living with the turtles.
Because filth is good. Whaddaya think, rock stars have sponges and ammonia lyin around the bathroom? They, have a woman comin over, Ive gotta tidy up? Yeah right, in these matters you never do what your instincts tell you. Always, ALWAYS do the opposite.
Just because you have someone's spare keys, it doesn't entitle you to break into their apartment. That's the reason you took away Kramer's keys.
I can't eat with you leanin' over like this. Just look straight forward.
He knows I'm waiting. He sees me. He just doesn't wanna look.
Which market, the, eh, big one, the big market, the big board. Bull market, bear market, you name the market, I'm there.
Got it. (the waitress walks away) Did you just see what happened here?
(interrupts her) You know what. I don't think I'm going to be able to stay over tonight.
(Makes a gesture saying he understands. The man nods) But how.. uh..?
Uh, let me ask you a question. Could you, uh, expand the space underneath a desk to give it a little more headroom?
So, you were saying how, um...about the script...
I got about fifty-feet out and suddenly, the great beast appeared before me. I tell ya he was ten stories high if he was a foot. As if sensing my presence he let out a great bellow. I said, "Easy big fella!" And then, as I watched him struggling I realized, that something was obstructing its breathing. From where I was standing I could see directly into the eye of the great fish!
Ya know, I was just a little surprised.
I've tried. We don't have it. But maybe the two of us, working together at full capacity, could do the job of one normal man.
UH, ha ha, ... It's just SO frustrating. It's a brand new jacket.
King Edward. (snapping his fingers) King Edward, Jerry.
You know, they say ostrich has less fat, but you eat more of it.
He did it right as he said "her unfortunate accident."
(outside, looking the guy trying the suit through the window, and thinking out loud) What's this? Can't I leave this place for a second? (goes in, take off his jacket, walks to the guy and talks to him with an european accent) Can I help you?
You really think this looks O.K. on me?
What are you comparing yourself to Keith Hernandez. The guys a baseball player Jerry, Baseball!
Thanks a lot. I'm really late. My parents are waiting in front of my building and we're stuck here.
Oh, I dont get the enthusiastic hi, Im outta there.
I been, uh, thinking about the family. Tell me, uh, about Aunt Baby.
Jerry, I've been preparing for this moment my entire life.
I think Play Now is putting something in my food.
Oh no - I'm so sorry, it's the Moops. The correct answer is the Moops.
I can't believe you're not playing in cotton.
That's right...We just had sex......You know Jerry I've been searching for someone a long time. Well the search is over.
(Elaine walking down the hall they notice her and wave her into the room) Elaine! Get! (She enters)
I still don't see why I can't ask her about my arm.
Oh, you know, Lloyd, I really don't have it.
Students cant clean. Its anathema. (explaining) They dont like it.
Elaine, get something! Its all taken care of.
Well, I - I could, Uh, I could give the money back. Here. (Holds it out)
Tim, who's the head of the Aryan Union, you or me?
Well, you see, what happened was...the doctor - the very same doctor that was attending to my late aunt - suffered an untimely stroke, and lost the use of his right hand, so...obviously I was unable to get the death certificate. However, I do have this. (Reaches inside his coat and takes out a Polaroid photo.)
Well how do you even know its hers? Maybe it belonged to Carol. Did you see a name on the tube?
I know. This was the only woman I never lied to. Well thats not entirely true.
Yeah, that's what I want-- triangles. Alright, I'm outta here. Have fun with what's-her-name.
Thats it! Thats it! I cant take it. I cant take it anymore! You stole the statue! Youre a theif! Youre a liar!
They could kick me out of the health club if he tells them!
Uh, it was dangling! There were only two left in the machine! He mustve bought one, and gotten both.
Great! (snaps fingers and grabs the extra plane ticket) Nina could go, huh? Jerry, this is great. You and Elaine. Me and Nina.
Cops. I don't even care about cops. I wanna see more garbage men. It's much more important. All I wanna see are garbage trucks, garbage cans and garbage men. You're never gonna stop crime, we should at least be clean.
(gasping) I think I swallowed a fly! I swallowed a fly! What do I do? (He turns to a coffee shop patron at the counter.) What can happen?!
C'mon Jerry, let's go. What was that all about?
If it makes you happy, I don't focus on these things. I will tell you this Unfortunately, we live in a very superficial society. I don't condone it, but it's a fact of life.
Oh, no no, I cant go back there. Jerry, its so awkward and, you know, it could be dangerous sexually. Something could happen, Id be right back where I started from.
Jerry! Oh, my God! What are you doing!?!
Is that so? Or could it be that you're just a *little* bit worried that you may have missed the boat?
They, uh... said you were with some guy who was wearing a cape?...
Im not going with him. I dont even know the guy. (to the teller) Look, they did this for me before.
(Laughs) Relationship intern...hey, what if two of us teamed up?
You know what I never understood? Why did they change the siren noise? When I was a kid it was always "waaaa, waaaa", you know now it "woo-woo-woo-woo-woo". Why did they do that, did they do some research? Did they find that woo-woo was more effective than waa?
(chuckles) Really? Well, we'll just see about that. Ta-ta, Tut-tle.
Look, I really appreciate your coming, but if you wouldn't mind - try not to say too much.
Okay. "Breakfast At Tiffany's." (Begins to read, but gradually his attention is drawn to the TV Guide on the end table. George realizes there's a show on he wants to see by looking at his watch, and doesn't start the book.)
I think Im getting tired of it. I mean is that all it does? Hello? La-la-la?
So, how come nothing ever happened between you and Nina? (Getting paranoid) Is there a problem with her? Is she a man?
uh.. maana? huh maana might.. huh maana might be a problem, I'm supposed to have huh a boil lanced maana. Huh you know I think they charge me if I cancel with only one maana's notice
All right, I think they have fleas there. So what...
I found it morose. Why dwell on these negative themes?
(Muttering out, not really wanting to talk about his family) When the Costanzas came here, one brother stayed behind.
This is a fantastic place! I always thought it was a meat packing plant!
Yeah, well, she's trying to track you down.
They're not here! You cost me fifty bucks!
Well, that interests me very much Mr. Farkus.Very much indeed, sir.
It's "ooh" As in "ooh ooh ah ah."
Take care. Take it easy. (Tom leaves with the casting director)
They made me buy it.. A hundred bucks this thing cost me. (Gesturing to the book) How dare they?! I got news for you, if it wasn't for the toilet, there would be no books.
Hey, a "hit" is a totally different story.
I think he was trying to tell me something, like it had some sort of a meaning.
Hi, how are you guys? Listen, does either one of you have like a mint or piece of gum or...
First class doesn't make it anymore. Now you get on the phone with Kimbrough, tell him what happened and tell him to get another plane down here, but this time, the good one - the Ted Danson plane.
Hey, she wants me to dress uh "smart casual." What uh, what is that?
(on tape, lifeless) Hey, it's George. I got nothin' to say... (beep)
(takes a large bite - with his mouth still full, his speech is muffled) Oh, this is fabulous.
You know my driver's waiting, I really should get running. Good to see you guys again.
They send me? Aw right ..ask 'em Does it really work?
All right. You wanna know what one of her favorite expressions is? Happy, Pappy?
How can you compare you parents to my parents?!
Hold on. Hold on. Wait a minute. How am I gonna get the rye bread into the apartment?
Anything, everything, something, nothing - Who the hell cares? Put me down. I'm down!
Maybe you don't have to be so funny. I mean, would it kill you not to be so funny all the time? That's all I'm asking. This woman thinks I'm very funny. Now you're gonna be funny, so what am I gonna be? I'm gonna be a short bald guy with glasses who suddenly doesn't seem so funny.
Get a good night's sleep, alright fellas. (thumbs up) Big day tomorrow!
(Getting in a more panicked state) Oh God, Mommy!
You know what I was just thinking -- she could really use a raise.
Would you believe my luck? The first time in my life I have a good answer to the question, "What do you do?" and I have a girlfriend. I mean, you don't need a girlfriend when you can answer that question. That's what you say in order to get girlfriends. Once you can get a girlfriend, you don't want a girlfriend, you just want more girlfriends.
Jerry, for all I know this guy went out of his way to not invite you. How am I gonna feel if I show up with an uninvited, unwelcome intruder?
Well, I feel better already. I'm feelin' like a good person.
Hey, hey, hey! It's not Lupe's fault, you shouldn't have left it out.
Yeah, let him chew on that for a while.
(trying again with Glenda) I'm gonna count to three. If you don't give up the chair, the wig is coming off.
Didn't say anything. (They go into Elaine's apartment.)
I-I guess it can't hurt him... People eat *pounds* of those things.
I-I'm sure if you weren't satisfied you would probably say something wouldn't you?
(con't) A-Anyway, I was thinking we would take two cars up to the cabin and that way if one of wanted to stay you know...
Oh yeah, but that has nothing to do with it.
I can't carry any changes in these pants, it falls out.
Well, Jerry. There was a pretty good chance I was never gonna have sex again anyway.
You're cutting me off? No, no, no Jerry, don't cut me off!
Oh, ok. Thank you. It was good talking to you.
So what? Somebody dropped an egg on my head as I went into my building last night.
Very exciting, very exciting, it's like watching a birth.
(on the answering machine) Jerry, what's happening? Come on, pick up the phone.
No, no, he mimed it. That's what was so funny about it.
Because you called her by the wrong name.
'Maybe you know some little places to go, where they never close...'
Wow, Keith Hernandez. He's such a great player.
I'm afraid I'm just not interested in how I present myself. If those kind of superficialities are important to you, this probably isn't gonna work.
What's so hard about that? How am I supposed to get it in there? I can't just walk in with it. I have to get the Rosses out of the apartment!
(Again, sarcastic) Oh, what a huge blow to the culture.
(he drops a paper airplane he was holding) Mr. Wilhelm!
Anyway, so he gave me his spare keys, now he wants to have my keys, so I need mine back from you.
Like what? I'm bald? What is it specifically? Is, is there an odor I'm not aware of?
I told you to stop with the hopping.
Oh good, good, come in. Come in, welcome. I'm George. And this is Jerry, over there, on the phone, that's Jerry. And you are, um?
I, uh, just think it's a little unusual. Two people to sit on one side...and leave the other side empty.
One mile from the exit it starts shaking, really violently shaking, like it's having a nervous breakdown. It completely stopped dead.
What if he's waiting for me outside? He pointed at me! Did you see him point?!
You know what? it's better than Elaine's, too. I gotta give her a call. (Moves tward the phone)
You're gonna rip it. You're gonna rip it.
I know, I know and you know *why* they're moving there?
So, uh, Mom, Dad, I was hoping that you could help me to remember my childhood a little clearly..
I don't even know her sister but believe me, if she's getting traffic tickets, she's not that good-looking! Woah
Can I uh, can I walk you back to work?
All right. You understand now? It's not that complicated.
You know a lost and found could be a good idea.
Oh no, you're not going out on a high note with me Mr. Kruger!
We get to go to the opera together!
Wait, wait a minute...they don't have them anymore. I just found out, they just took them off the market.
You've got 'shiksappeal'. Jewish men love the idea of meeting a woman that's not like their mother.
Well, it always has to be explained to me, and then I have to have someone explain the explanation.
Jerry, what do you, you wanna, you wanna see the place or not?
Wish I could. (raises the magazine up in front of his face and continues reading.)
She's playing a recital this week at the McBierney School. You wanna hear her play? I got two extra tickets, you and Elaine could go...
Y'know, the funny thing is, somehow I find her more appealing now... It's like if I knew she was a lesbian when we went out, I never would've broken up with her.
Well, some of 'em look good. The ones that look good you don't even know about.
You remember my cousin Rhisa? I'm gonna date her.
(smug) Ah, I guess I showed Neil who's Neil.
(shouts) Wait! Yes! That's what I should've said! (frustration) D'ohh!
Jerry ... Where are you? I know you like to sit back here. Elaine! Susan!
Actually I think I'm gonna take a few days off (starts to leave)
Theyre the ones who should be ashamed. They signed me to a one-year contract. As long as I show up for work every day, they have to pay me.
Miss Rhode Island? When are you seeing her?
No. Why must it be so difficult? Why is there all this tension and hostility? Why can't I just walk up to a woman on the street and say, "Hi. I'm
Yeah. I did some shopping. Some new clothes shopping. (turns to a man) Can I borrow your menu?
Well, anything I can do to help, um...she's a wonderful girl. Very smart. Very eh...crafty.
I-I don't know. Last time I got the tap.
Ill tell you, if I was running for office I would ask for the death penalty for double-parkers. If this is allowed to go on this is not a society. THIS IS ANARCHY!
(offers his) Oh, you want to taste mine.
You would not believe what just happened. I was waiting for you and this woman was sitting at the counter.
I can't have any parties while they're out of town. (he leaves to return the soaps)
(he just took a bite of the Chinese food ) This is terrible. What is this, ginger? I hate ginger. I can't understand how anyone can eat ginger. (puts the container back in the refrigerator.)
Yeah, what is he? Some sort of an instigator?
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. It's from that grapefruit that Jerry squirted at me.
I DON'T KNOW. It's this place. I'm very uncomfortable here.
Lemme tell you something, that Jerry Lewis? You wonder how some of these people get to the top? It's ideas like this! Brilliant! Hah-hah! (Notices that the briefcase is damaged.) Look at this - what the hell happened? The whole side is damaged here...and the lock is broken.
Oh, what time is it? Eight thirty? I'll tell you what's on. You got Major Dad, Blossom, very funny programme...
No. I wouldnt even have to tell her. I could surprise her.
Didja see the way she was looking at me?
One of the guys in my cell threw a piece of gum at him.
I'm going out with her tomorrow, she said she had some errands to run.
It's OK. It's fine. She'll do it. I'm sure she'll still do it.
Well, I'm not buying it. No way. Forget it. No way I'm buying this! (beat) I mean, look at it! What is it? It's a bunch of squiggly lines! (beat) Are you telling me you couldn't paint this?
Does that mean I have to go too?
Split it. Pretty good. Talk about game six?
(to Susan's stone) ...And then, right after the All-Star Break, we, we just swept the Orioles. Four games. In Baltimore. (adjusts necktie nervously) So... yeah.
Then I asked her if she wanted a drink.
And I can make a left turn from the right lane too.
Oh, sure. I mean, after all, you were almost my, uh... OK, I gotta go.
You told David Putty your move and you didn't tell *me*? I *need* a move. You know I have no moves, Jerry. (points to the candy bar) Gimme a bite.
No Don't get the camera , we don't need the camera. Listen I know your skeptical , but I really believe in the Chinese.
(To Rachel) And, uh, you eat eggs, right?
Make myself comfortable. What does that mean? Does she want me to take my clothes off? Is she taking her clothes off? What if I take my clothes off and she still has hers' on? Then I really look like an idiot. She could get offended and leave. So maybe I should leave them on, but what then if she takes her off? Then she'll feel humiliated. 'Make yourself comfortable'. I got this unbelievable woman and this 'comfortable'-thing can ruin me. I got it! I take my shoes off and sit on the bed. There, that's comfortable. She can't accuse me being unconvertible.
I dont know what the hell I said. I gave her an ultimatum and theres nothing I can do. Its a machine. The little light is blinking right now, Come and listen to the idiot. Hey everybody, the idiots on!
....But after that we really talked didn't we?
You told him? What did you tell him?
Yes, Id like to report a problem with one of your mechanics.
You wanna sell computers? I will show *you* how to sell computers! Hello, Mr. Farneman. You wanna buy a computer? No? Why not? All right, I see! Good answer! Thank you! (Lloyd rings his sale bell) Serenity now!
You know, I can't remember the last time I called a woman without being nervous. I, usually, I'm pacing all over the room, I'm...
Oh, no no no, I'm fine. Let me help you with these dishes, huh?
so, uh, Steven.. I see you're president of the chess club.
(To himself) How am I gonna do this? I'm engaged to this woman? She doesn't even like me. Change the subject? Toilets were the subject. We don't even share the same interests.
Jerry please, that's very nice, but, uh, (closes the door) where would we be going?
Whew! Boy, it's cold outside, huh? Oh, these New York winters, huh. Bitter cold, bitter.
I dont know. But I dont. Im actually almost happy to hear it.
Oh, please. (to the teller) Can you change this into bills?
I-I just don't react well to these situations. My grandmother died two months early because of the way I reacted in the hospital. She was getting' better. And then I went to pay her a visit. She saw my face. BOOM. That was the end of it.
You know what I would like to do? I would really like to have sex with a tall woman. I mean really tall. Like a like a giant Like six five.
So I really liked the pictures I picked up here yesterday.
Hey, hey, hey! Whats goin on here? (To Jerry) You didnt agree to anything, did ya?
Look at these salesmen. The only thing these guys fear is the walk-out. No matter what they say, you say, "Ill walk out of here right now!"
...you'll see, things will be different now - if you just give me one more chance.
Those are my friends I was telling you about. We're gonna talk to them, pull over.
Who doesn't like cashmere? Find me one person in the world that doesn't like cashmere. It's too expensive.
You can't - huhu, All right let's go.
Stop it! It's nothing. It's a stupid holiday my father invented. It doesn't exist!
Jerry! I need you to get another picture of man-hands. I'm beggin' you!
Its unbelievable. You know what else is unbelievable? I picked up the check. She didnt even offer. She ended it. The least she could do is send me off with a sandwich.
What do you mean, I got? You didn't give him his Visa application.
Eh, listen Mr. Kruger, I got a message from Dr. Van Nostrand and he says it might be wise to you to see another doctor about that mole.
Excuse me, the guy is wearing a jacket that my friend is...
What do you mean? The engagement is off, we get the TV back. That's business.
What d'you mean, let 'em go? They're spending all my money.
I banged it on the desk in the doctor's office. An (worriedly rubbing his arm) aaaa . . .
Well if you didn't think I was parking, why did you put it in head first?
Well I can't break up with her now.
Listen uh, David, I, I, I want to apologize about that comment
Cause its signals, Jerry, its signals! (snapping his fingers) Dont you- all right. Did she even ask you, what you were doin tomorrow night, if you were busy?
I got scared there for a second. The Knicks without Ewing.
(Looking at his finger) I think somethin bit me. I just need another nickel.
I got rejected by a bald woman. A bald woman rejected me. Heh, you like that one? A woman with no prospects and no *hair*, told me that I wasn't her type. Apparently *baldy* likes a slimmer guy.
One... (Glenda seeing George is serious; gets up and leaves)
That's right! He never apologized to me for saying that I would stretch out the neck hole of his sweater.
He can be pedantic. He can be pedantic.
Oh ya, like there's something wrong with saying 'God bless you'. I was raised to say 'God bless you'.
I told her I would have to think about it.
I bawled uncontrollably. I just poured my guts out. And I'll tell you, Jerry, it was incredible. I never realized how powerful these tears are. I could have postponed it another five years if I wanted to.
All right, let me ask you something When do you start to worry about ear hair?
I told you, he probably went out the back.
Yeaah, beautiful... (They try to hit a high five, but George hits Elaine in the forehead.) Sorry...
Let me ask you something. When you go into a store, does it bother you that they make the security guard just stand there all day?
Maybe I'll go down to the track. Put it all on a horse...
I didnt know there was a fireplace. A fireplace, that's incredible.
Well, sometimes you can't help these people 'til they hit rock bottom.
(upset) I *told* you the Drake was bad! I hate the Drake!
(to the guy next to him) This guy stinks. (speaking of Michael)
(spins his chair back to face her) So you got a $25,000 a year raise.
Pulp can move, Baby! Why didn't you eat a real breakfast?
(Somewhat stern) Oh, the thing's cancelled. Sit down.
'Why don't I rent the movie.' See, this is when I like you. Alright, now I'm relieved. (Kramer enters and comes over to the booth.)
Any more grape juice? (Gets up and goes to the kitchen. Remy moves to the end of the couch where George was sitting.)
(rage) Oh, it's got cachet, baby! It's got cachet up the yin-yang!
You said the guy gave you an open-lipped kiss!
Well, it's just, all you said was 'your welcome', which is nice. It's very nice. But... I feel I gotta get the apology.
Uh Jerry, how long will you be in there?
Got her machine. Im dead, Im a dead man. Thats it. Im dead, Im a dead man. Dead man.
Oh, boy I was up to four in the morning watching the Omen trilogy.
You see, you see? I see things as they are and I say, 'no!' Uh, wait, you see things as they are not and you s- Wait, uh, you see things, do you see things as they are? What do you say when you see things?
I don't like when a woman says, 'Make love to me', it's intimidating. The last time a woman said that to me, I wound up apologizing to her.
Well, if I hear you correctly--and I think that I do--my advice to you is to finish your meal, pay your check, leave here, and never mention this to anyone again.
Yeah? Well, I had sex with your wife.
All names sound strange the first time you hear 'em. What, you telling me people loved the name Blanche the first time they heard it?
I'm going to a poetry reading with PATRICE First time poets, in a burnt out building, down by the docks, Supposed to be good.
How's this for criticism? Um...you stink. How do like that criticism? You know what's funny to me? That diploma up on the wall. That is my idea of "com-med-dee"! You sitting here, telling people what to do.
Uh huh. Uh huh! I think you spoke to your little friend Rachel, that's what I think.
Well you know there is an unusual number of people in this country having sex with AMPUTEES! (grabs the forum from Kramer and walks over to the clerk) . . . Penthouse forum, newspaper, gum, Clark Bar.
Oh, Hey, eh, there's a spot right in front of the liquor store. You see
After dark? Please. At their age, that's like swallowing stun grenades.
A signal, right, um, okay, uh, okay, the signal is, Ill call out tippy-toe!
Interference! You cant count that! Come on, are you crazy?! The coin cannot touch anything, it affects it.
All right, you know you're not any help at all here. I don't know what even the point is of talking to you anymore.
No. He was fine with it. Check that out.
(through a mouthful) Long as they don't throw 'em on the field. (laughs) Huhu. (indicating dish) Help yourself to some shrimp, I brought enough for everybody.
What am I scared of? I'm scared of the same thing that you are, everything! Why don't you just use your own name?
Well, you're gonna have to go to the bathroom!
One of your guys - Kip, or Ned, short name - stole my Twix candy bar!
Oh, thanks. Thanks a lot. I'll pay you back.
(doing the voice) Im slippery as an eel
Wait a minute, wait a minute. You can't say anything. (rushes to take phone from Jerry)
I told them to meet me in front of my building at six-fifteen.
(Breathing deeply) That's very dirty. (Jerry nods) That's absolutely filthy.
I could go bumper to bumper with any one else on this planet!
Whats seventy-five bucks?! What, am I seeing Sinatra in there?! Am I being entertained? I dont understand this. Im only paying half.
Wha..? I didn't tell you? I gotta go meet Elaine.
This is not about them. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to exercise Jerry's gaskets.
Yeah, what do you do when you run out of laundry?
And, um, it was quite good. In fact, you even incorporated me into the show. I'm not actually a performer. Although, my parents felt I had talent..
Well, it doesn't even have to be the general manager. Maybe I could be like, an announcer. Like a color man. You know how I always make those interesting comments during the game.
I believe you cut me off, and then made an obscene gesture.
" That guy was amazing, he could dunk and he was my height...What was his name again?"
No, he doesn't know O'Brien, if he knew O'Brien he wouldn't have a sign. Let's just do it.
What happened to the screen door? It blew off again?
No, I-I-I know... [retreats back to his Chinese take out] I know...
ahhhhh (exhaling) Jerry, my young friend, you're so nave. You are so, so nave. You know about a few things. You know about comedy, a little bit about relationships, some baseball, but you are so far out of your element here, you are embarrassing yourself. Now listen to me. I'm negotiating. Negotiation, this is what'cha do in business.
A backup system? We're designing bathroom doors with our legs exposed in anticipation of the locks not working? That's not a system. That's a complete breakdown of the system.
I don't know why Rachel had to drive back with Michael and Carol.
She wants to keep it quiet. She... thinks we have a real future together.
Oh with all due respect, I went there too, and I work for a team that just won the World Series.
Get up, get up, its her! Oh, the hell with this, Im scared to death, just walk away, its off, cancel everything, go!
Mulva! (again pointing finger at Jerry -- Kramer watches the exchange back and forth)
(to Kramer) It's a funeral procession. . . . (to Elaine) And I got news for you. I show up with Ring Dings and Pepsi, I become the biggest hit of the party. People be coming up to me, "just between you and me I'm really excited about the Ring Dings and the Pepsi. What are we, Europeans with the Beaujolais and Chardonnay . . .
(Needing to get away from his parents, he gets up) I need some air..
You know how easy it is for dead people to travel? Its not like getting on a bus. One second. (snaps his fingers) Its all mental.
Excuse me Ms. which street are we on?
Excuse me, uh, what are you doing in there?
So, you send me to this therapist to help me with my emotional disorders, and she criticizes our script. (Tosses the script to Jerry.) What kind of a therapist is that?
(To the man behind him in line) Yeah, right Im gonna get my car repaired at a dealership. Huh! Why dont I just flush my money down the toilet?
So what could I do? I couldn't go through with it. She threatened to kill herself.
Yes. Me, too. I wanna be normal. Normal.
He's a jerk. (nudges to his right but no one is there)
That's right. I got his whole car downstairs.
I just don't think it's such a great idea for you to sit here.
And who's responsible for making hate mongering and fascism popular again?
Well, that pear shaped loser was me! And I was in that photo, until I broke in here, stole the photograph and airbrushed myself out of there!
I must have dripped some on the floor and I slipped and...
Listen, lemme ask you a question. What if I got a cup of coffee with her?
I can't tell ya how much I appreciate this.
I gotta find a way to work this out, I love that apartment. It's so cozy, I'm ensconced in velvet. You know, if it were socially acceptable--
Well, I shouldn't have to pay for it!
Cmon. Wilkinsons got millions invested in this stock. Its gone up three points since Ive been watching it.
(astounded) What? So, this is still not over?
I think he should wear whatever tie he wants.
Do you think it might be possible to add a little shelf like, uh, for an alarm clock?
Just..go back. Pretend the whole thing never happened.
See, look at this. (wearing a very tight shirt) Rachel, my T-shirt shrunk. It used to be much bigger, and now it shrunk. You see, that's what water does. It shrinks things.
You know, I used to love Paris. My uh, dead Fiance, Susan.. (opening wallet) In fact I. think I, I may have a picture of her..
Okay. Now, why do I have to see (points) you?
We are really late now. We're in big trouble. Big trouble.
Bender? He cant play left. He stinks. I just dont see what purpose is it gonna serve your going? I mean, you think dead peole care whos at their funeral? They dont even know theyre having a funeral. Its not like shes hanging out in the back going, I cant believe Jerry didnt show up.
Oh yes I am Father. Incredibly sincere. So, uh, pffft, am I in?
I can do six weeks standin' on my head. I'm a sexual camel. That's not the point. At least there was the possibility.
Yes, of course I'm taking Allison. This woman is genetically engineered to go to a ball. Tall, blonde, lithe--
Yeah I guess. What can I do? I gotta take her with me. Todd introduced us, I'm obligated.
Quick. Get this thing back in the pizzeria
All right. That's enough for today. You're tired. Get some sleep. I'll see you first thing in the morning.
Pardon me, I went to see your friend Dwayne... there was no discount.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm terribly sorry.. (Bends down, and starts picking up her things)
I just can't believe at the way people are. What is it with humanity? What kind of a world do we live in?
Well what did you want her to do, you left it on the night table.
Oh, this guy tried to sneak into my space.
I love the chop sticks. I, I personally prefer a fork but they look very nice.
You know what the temperature in Florida is today? Eh? Seventy-nine. That's almost eighty. Yeah, I read someplace the life expectancy in Florida is eighty-one and in Queens, seventy-three.
Thanks a lot. Ill give it back to you in a week.
You know it must be impossible for a Spanish person to order seltzer and not get salsa. (Angry) "I wanted seltzer, not salsa."
Well, I didn't think anyone would play it.
What did you go out with me for?! Just to dump chocolate on my shirt and then just dump me altogether?! I don't deserve that kind of treatment! What, you don't have the common courtesy to return my calls?! To apologize! You think I'm some sort of a loser, that likes to be abused and ignored?! Who's shirt can be ruined without financial restitution?! Some sort of a masochist who enjoys being humiliated? You think you can avoid me like I have some sort of disease?! You have the disease! You have the disease! You may be beautiful and rich and physically .. just .. unbelievable, but you sicken me! You disgust me! You and everyone like you!
How much tip do you leave on $8.15?
When you sent me the-the bill for the dry-cleaning. I thought the show didn't have a chance.
You met her at the supermarket? How did you do that?
This is what my life has come to... Tryin to meet a mute.
Because before you know it he'll be having lunch with him. You know how these interoffice politics work.
(Yelling out) It's my apartment, Eldridge! The Stalkholm may not have sunk ya, but I will! Ha, ha, ha!
Are you going to help me or not?
Uh, excuse me. (stopping them from rehearsing) Excuse me. (he walks to the guy's in charge of yelling "take #!") This--This is not right. May I? (the guy looks at George with a bothered face. George then walks up to Tom and takes him away from Jerry and Michael to talk to him in private)(to Tom) You see, you're going "They fooled *me* Jerry!" (George shakes his head with disapproval) You wanna hit 'fooled' more "They *fooled* me Jerry!". You see the difference?
I get the feeling when lesbians are looking at me, they're thinking "That's why I'm not heterosexual".
What is this 'saving movies' thing? Something's playing, you go.
Yes they did. I was covering. Elaine has been deported back to Scotland.
Elaine, I'm, I'm shocked. I'm shocked. Here I go out in the spirit of the season (Elaine looking like she's not buying a word of it) and spend all my savings to buy you the most beautiful Christmas sweater I have ever seen to show my appreciation to you at Christmas and this is the thanks that I get at Christmas.
Oh, nothin' much. I went over to jerry's, uh, talked to Jerry.
Let's go, people, let's go! It's Prognosis Negative time, wa ha ha ha!!!
That's right. He just happened to be the previous owner of the vehicle.
Reilly is no longer with the club. (getting up) You believe that?
It's not contest. The guy had nothing! The ship went down, he got into a life boat, I mean, come on.
Let me just see it for a second.
(To himself) So you're havin' the sex, next day you don't have to call. That's pretty good. (Back to Jerry) Go ahead.
Come on, wanna give me a hand with the computers?
Well, this is a lovely apartment. Lovely! My kids are gonna go crazy. I, uh, I wonder if I could see the bathrooms. Preferably one with some paint thinner and, uh, some rags?
If youre a spirit, and you can travel to other dimensions and galaxies, and find out the mysteries of the universe, you think shes gonna wanna hang around Drexlers funeral home on Ocean Parkway?
Well anyway, the, uh... the stone is up, I paid my respects, guess that's it.
(very casual and raising his hand in the air) Yep. That's five!
Yes, hello. Party's over. (taking off the suit)
Come on. We got all day tomorrow to come up with a story.
I'm really serious. I think that's a good idea.
So all right I'll speak to you through Jerry and everything.
See, this should be a show. This is the show.
Well, it wouldn't fit you. The sleeves are too short.
He never finished the sentence. He got a call, that was the end of the interview.
Yes! Yes, I'm the one! Hey! So, you know Jon Voight!
I told her I liked her. Why? Why did I tell her I like her? I have this sick compulsion to tell women how I feel. I like you I dont tell you.
Love to! (Cracks his knuckles, then winces under the pain)
I see, well, thats open to interpretation. Because so much depends on the layering and the quality of the wetness in the eyes.
(Slowly shakes his head) My mother caught me.
(to Kramer) This man is a genius. Genius!
Oh, well, I'm sure you can reach her...she's a poet. What does a poet need an unlisted number for?
(Takes a few seconds to mull this one over. Shooting Jerry a confused look, he repeats it) "The panties your mother laid out for you"? (Jerry nods) What does that mean?
Anyway, I think everything else is okay. Unless of course she's faking.
You can't do that, you can't just sneak in from the back like that.
Come on. Come on. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. (grunting)
So I'm sure whatever germs it landed on were knocked out, and by the time the rest of them realised what was going on, you had already grabbed it out.
Wait till you hear this! (George sees Donna and no Jerry.) Whoa, ah, Im sorry, I didnt, I had no idea.
I know that's why I bought `em but they're not comfortable.
It was a good idea. Susan liked it. Now, if he hadn't vomitted all over her, we'd be writing it right now.
Yes. Live, dammit. Live! Every precious moment as if this was the last year of your life. Because in many ways...it is. (There's a knock at the door.) Excuse me.
Everybody likes pesto. You walk into a restaurant, that's all you hear - pesto, pesto, pesto.
I don't know. (George sits down at the table. Kramer enters.)
When I find that guy, this much I vow those glasses will be returned to their rightful owner.
(Persistent) Perhaps you could look again, please? Im very hungry.
Ho, ha, ho! Jerry Seinfeld's a funny guy!
Yeah. You could base a character on me.
(???), we'll see you in a little while.
Well, I assume there's some sort of write-off.
Alright, I gotta go home and open up with the house for the carpet cleaners. You know they're doing my whole place for twenty-five dollars.
I had to listen to a five minute discussion on which one is actually called shmoopy.
Uh, I just went out, I went to look for my friend?
I don't think so, Vic. I've done my homework. '89 Volvo, that's the car for me, it's the one I want.
Hi. I-I really should be getting back to my fianc, you know, we, uh, we had this big fight yesterday and, uh, well she, she wants to-to know my secret code. I-I don't know, I can't tell her. The funny thing is, you know, I would really love to tell someone 'cause it's killing me. You uh, you wanna know what it is? It's Bosco. You know, the chocolate syrup? I love that stuff, I pour it in milk, it's my favorite drink. Hoo-hoo, boy, that is a relief!
Mind? Why would I mind? I would love to wait! (shakes hands with Nana) Nana, nice to see you. Ni-ni-ni-ni-NANA! (embraces another guest, kisses her) Aunt Phyllis, always a pleasure. What a pleasure! Hey, let's do this again real soon. I had fun, huh?
You know, I'm sorry, I...I hate to be one of those people, but we're right in the middle of this thing...I can't hear.
Well, I am just a T-bone kinda guy. Love that T-bone. In fact, you might as well call me--
This friend of Susan's is staying with us for two weeks...Now am I wrong or is that excessive?
I think we got a bite on it. (Exits)
(frantic by now) SHUT UP,SHUT UP, SHUT UP,...(then leaves)
I have no power Do you understand? I need hand. I have no hand.
Ow! What are you doing under there? Hey, stop that! Don't eat that! That's not food! (to Robin) He's suckin' down Equal packets!
Where did I get the coffee? Where do think I got the coffee, at the grocery store. (small laugh)
I love this place. You know, Carl and I come here all the time.
No no no no no, this has to be carefully orchestrated. You go to a fancy dinner, flowers...
No. I am not giving my code to anyone for any reason.
Again with the checked out. I'm not going to the doctor. If I don't to the doctor, then nothing will happen to me. If I go he might find something.
You think she would care about the red dot?
Lo..k, if you want to taste mine, you don't have to offer me some of yours.
Nah, I gotta deliver some Christmas presents to my parents.
So, that's it. All of my darkest fears, and... everything I'm capable of. That's me.
Aw, Mr. Kruger, Sir. Merry Christmas! (Hands him a card)
(he makes a sign to Jodi to wait and turns to Jerry) Jerry... This woman hates me so much. I'm starting to like her.
The show! Forget about the show! We should take the idea to a different network
So are you going to Todd's party this weekend?
I got a job interview. They want to see me this afternoon.
(singing as he exits florist with bouquet and a cup of coffee) "...tootsie, good-bye. Too-too, tootsie..." (takes a drink, makes a face, shouts back at shop) You call this coffee? (dumps out coffee behind him, accidentally hitting a parked car's windshield)
Ah, Pfft! What can you do? (looking at a tag on the suit) Is this the price tag?
You can't do that, it's none of your business!
Oh, no no no, I haven't even seen her apartment yet. Tomorrow night's the first night.
Whooo.. (To a waitress taking orders) Ooh.. French fries.
Her back went out. She's gotta be there for a couple of days. All she said on the way over in the car was, "Why, George, why?!".. I said, "Because it's there!"
This is nighmare. Kramer how long was I on?
If youre having second thoughts, if you didnt want it, dont worry about it because uh, you know, I, I...I could take it, you know.
Well I've never met your sister but obviously these are not hard-and-fast rules. (to the waitress) Darling, the tea is getting a little cold sweetheart.
Thank you very much. (Peggy leaves the menus and walks away) So guess what I got do tomorrow?
Come on! No doctor would put that on his car.
And ah, Ill have the bacon club without the turkey. (raises eyebrows)
We ordered the wedding invitations today,, Nothing can stop it now. Nothing. It's here! It's happening. Can I do this? I can't do this...Look at me. Look at me I can't do this, I can't do this (manic) Help me Jerry, help me.
Really...(he honks the car and is startled, Elaine laughs)......I have to say...You were really good doing that porno thing....you're talented.
Honesty, hard-work, these are the values that I was raised on. The most important thing Joey, is to be able to look yourself in the mirror before you go to sleep at night.
Id like to have a kid. Of course, you have to have a date first... Remember my friend, Adam, from Detroit?
People can drop change down here, Jerry. And theyre too lazy to pick it up.
Hunh, You know, it's the damnedest thing. I went out the window again to, to get a cup of coffee...
I probably didn't hear it on the way over because of the street noise. (he panics) This is no good! I got to meet these guys from MacKenzie for lunch in half an hour!
Jerry, I can't talk to Jerry anymore. Ever since he moved into that apartment he's too much ... like you.
Ahh! (closes his eyes and rolling his head back) Umh!
I got a date with Karen. I don't know what I'm gonna do. Nothing happening down there.
(Pointing to them) Office Christmas gift. I tell you, this Human Fund is a gold mine!
(getting up and leaving) Alright! That's it for me. Goodnight everybody.
Its a great thrill to meet you, Sir.
(con't) All right, you know she's got that laugh. What did you say? It's like Elmer Fudd sitting on a juicer?
Were aware of the proximity to the park, yes.
(singing) Master of the House/Quick to catch your eye/Never wants a passerby to pass him by...
(Muttering) Susan has the doll collection.. one of the dolls looks exactly like my mother.. she likes to sleep with it.
Oh, real good. (George makes a face like you stink) Any word from NBC?
Listen I was talking to Elaine today and she said she'd would really like to be an usher at the wedding
He's extremely Murphy. He's Murphy to a fault.
(almost gleeful) After Dinkins lost the election, he had a complete nervous breakdown. They had to lock him up.
(sets down his paper) So how were the eggs?
All right there you go. It's a '47 cabin all right. So, we'll see you tomorrow.
Hey, Tim. Quick question. Is it normal for your teeth to make noises, like a hissing or a chirping?
You go in the living room. I'll take the test in here.
(takes a bite) Oh, that's good. That's very good.
Never mind what happened, just give me the key.
Well, you know, I've been lyin' about my income for a few years. I figured I could afford a fake house in the Hamptons.
They had a pastry cart you wouldn't believe.
Yeah, my wife couldnt make it today. Shes got something with her mother... Who knows whats going on with her. Dont let any one kid you, its tough.
Really? And Debby told me that she fell in love with him because he has all this perspective!
This is all too much. So what are you feeling? What's going on? Are you like a couple again now?
Yeah. Eric the Clown put it out with his big shoe.
(shaking his head, weary) It doesn't matter. (he leaves)
Sid, who's gonna move the cars while you're away?
Jerry, my vacation just started. I need a day or two to de-compress. Besides, I did plenty today.
(pauses for a few seconds) OK, I'm tellin' you right now - if your kiddin' around I'm not gonna be able to be your friend anymore. I'm serious about that. You got that.
Well I am actually going to have a secretary and I get to do the interview.
You know, you could've just given me Neil's number. You..you didn't have to take me out to dinner.
All right Mrs. S. I and my good pal Keith Hernandez will be right back.
Yeah! She made me promise not to tell you .It's supposed to be a joke.
I tell you what, you give me the twenty, and I will buy *you* a popcorn and soda, and I'll throw in a bon-bons.
Hey Elaine. (George hangs up his raincoat next to the door) Im telling you Jerry, having a secretary is incredible. (George claps hands) I don't know why I didnt have one before.
Anyway it's kind of a fluke thing but uh I'll be leaving for Paris in two days. I will send you a postcard when I get there.
You might want to try it...makes the movie more enjoyable, that's all.
Hey Kramer, c'mon-- it was 240 bucks twenty years ago...
Yeah, yeah, me to miss -- I miss.
What? Huh, so I had it all along. How d'you like that? (snorts) I guess I owe that cashier an apology.
Hey, Buck. Talk to you for a second?
I tell ya, I hear people really stuff themselves on those cruise ships. (Laughs) The buffet, that's the real ordeal, huh, Clarence? (Laughs)
(on phone) . It's George Costanza. . are there any messages for me? Why does Mr. Steinbrenner want to see me in his office? . . . Communist? I'm not a Communist . . . . All right, all right. All right, I'll be there. - ( hangs up ) My secretary Ada, told Mr Steinbrenner I'm a Communist Now he wants to see me in his office.
Plans. Schemes. She ah, she keeps talking about getting back together with her old friends, you know - "the gang," as she likes to call them (chuckles), you know. Yeah, they're eh, they're hatching something, you can count on that.
It's not really a mental institution. It's more like a depression clinic. She went out to Woodhaven and checked herself in. I'm, I'm sick over this.
I don't even know what they think. That's why I'm in therapy.
(laughs - hehe) Well, first, I'm brushing my teeth and this piece of apple-skin, that must have been lodged in there for days, comes loose.
Oh, Scott, Scott. He's really great, isn't he?
Oh no no no no, don't say anything to Kramer. Susan can't stand him. He vomited all over her.
Oh you can stuff your sorries in a sack, Mister!
What, you think I eat all my meals with you? (To waitress) Excuse me, sweetheart? I think you may have overcharged us. What is this?
Why shave every day? It just grows right back.
You see (to Jerry). You see. You see what Im talking about. It's all just slipping away. And you're letting it happen. (exits -- slamming the door)
We cant just let him get away with this.
This is a huge project involving lots of numbers and papers and folders.
You have no idea how refreshing that is.
Oh you mean face down on her chest.
I can't tell ya now , he's gonna be back in a ten seconds.
What about the dolphins? You could swim with the dolphins down there.
Don't you see. Women like that are like, members of a secret tribe living in a forbidden city. People like me have not been inside in thousands of years.. But with this, it's like I've already been with one of her own! My hands been stamped! I come and go as I please!
I guess you two are the lucky ones.
All right, look--wait--wait--Krama--wait, wait a minute, you are not. You are not goin' in. Ah-ahhh!
You tell that son of a bitch no Yankee is ever comin' to Houston. Not as long as you bastards are running things.
Now, fellas, fellas.. easy. You wouldn't want to beat up on one of your own.
Oh! euh.. Yeah We just can't go to the supermarket to get some candy.
Right. The other members of our party. (closes partition) Other members of our party? What other members of our party? I didn't even know we were in a party. Oh, I'm telling you, the jig is up.
Oh oh oh, all right, fine, Jerry, you win. Take it, just take it!
No. I need a guy that can rig a Frogger machine so that I can move it without losing power, 'cause I have the high score. H-hello?
Especially her. She does not like disappointment. Well, I have to do it. I can't make December. There's no way I can make December. Right? I mean, you can see that, right? I mean, look at me. Look. Look. Can I make December? I can't make December. Right? Look. Look.
Pretend you didn't know it was there. Can you see it?
Hi! Mr. West, this is my friend Elaine--
Well, I'm sure they'll be able to fix it. You can't stop modern science. Can't stop it, you can't stop it. Can't stop science. Can't be stopped, no way, no how, science just marches--
They were in here, I saw her put 'em in here!
Why did you even take it? You broke up with her!
[furious] Good. It's good to be accurate like that.
Hey! Wow, the K-Man! (They walk into the kitchen inside)
There has got to be some way to get back into Pisano's.
Do me a favor would you? Would you change lanes? Would you get outta this lane. You gotta get out of this lane. This lane stinks. They're all double parked here Please get outta this lane. I'm beggin you please please.
Yes, I like to just be able to take the blankets and swish them and swirl them, you know what I mean? You know, I don't like being all tucked in. I like to have a lot of room, you know I like to have my toes pointed up in the air. Just like to scrunch up the blankets.
Oh, what? What? That? Are you kidding? I didn't quit. What? You took that seriously?
When are you going on your next date with her?
Why couldn't you squeeze one of those stupid rubber balls to get your stress out? Why did you have to destroy *twenty-five* computers?
Well, it worked when I met George Peppard last week.
I dont know, I cant eat. You, you cant have anything anymore. Look at this, look at this. Eggs out. Coffee out. French fries out. BLT out! I go to visit my grandparents three big brisket sandwiches, Im sittin here with a carrot! Theyre closing in on a hundred, Im sayin to them, How can you eat that stuff? (They look at their menus again.) Im so sick about losin that choose, you dont know.
What do you mean you will? That's a bad idea. Jerry is a very private person.
Okay. Uh, my mother is is going to pay for the sessions. ... Oh,Elaine?
(smiling) Well, we're certainly glad that you could make it.
Well get it back! It's very important. (winks)
Oh no, I can't do it. I-I'm not good at these things, I get flustered. Once I tried to bribe an usher at the roller derby, I almost got arrested.
Where are we going? Why are we pulling off here?
...so mind you, at this point I'm only going out with her two or three weeks. So she goes out of town and she asks me to feed her cat. So at this time, there's a lot of stuff going on in my life and, uh, it slips my mind for a few days. Maybe a week. Not a week, five, six days.
I don't know. This sandwich is making me flush.
Wait a second. (George gets up and heads for the statue in Kramers hands.) I cant believe this! Let me see this.
I find the soothing pastorial images very conduc-
When I asked him if it was cancer, he didn't give me a "get outta here". That's what I wanted to hear "Cancer? Get outta here?"
Of course, not as exciting as miss crop circles, but...
That's dynamite. Yeah, I'll look for the Chinese food leftovers.
Hey, is it my imagination, or do really good looking women walk a lot faster than everybody else?
So this Anna called me from out of the blue.
Pauline? . . . Wait a minute. I got it. My brother once impregnated a woman named Pauline.
Hey, Lloyd. (Shakes hands with Lloyd) How's it going? (chuckles)
No, no, no. Just lately, I've been thinking a lot clearer. Like this afternoon, (To television) what is chicken Kiev, (Back to Jerry) I really enjoyed watching a documentary with Louise.
He's giving you furniture? Who is this guy?
You should see what my father used to go through before he bought a car. He'd go from state to state. He was away for weeks at a time. It was like he was running for President and he was going through the primaries. We'd get phone calls from motels in New Hampshire.
Huh. Excuse me (to Ping) Hum... Do you speak chinese?
(pulls a face) I find it disorienting. Who buys an umbrella anyway? Y..you get 'em for free in the coffee shop in the metal cans.
Is that right? I just threw away a lifetime of guilt-free sex, and floor seats for ever sporting event in Madison Square Garden. So please, a little respect. For I am Costanza Lord of the Idiots!
And people come in the store and you get involved in their lives.
It wasn't down in, it was sort of on top.
It's two completely different sounds. "ih" and "eh".
Wait a minute, wait, it's not that stupid.
Jerry, could you excuse us for a few minutes, please?
(gleeful, to Estelle) You did?! That's Goood! That's very good! I'm very glad to hear that.
They're -- They're killing independent George! And they're, they're all in on it! World's are colliding!
Youre not getting no Drakes Coffee Cake for fifty cents. Yae, Hey, Im all set. I got the ticket. Im going to the Cayman Islands this Friday.
Where's the luck? There's no luck. 1,900 dollars down the drain.
Jerry, figure this out. I'm in the coffee shop, and this beautiful girl I could never even talk to, mistakes me for her boyfriend.
I walked in, your lobby door is broken again.
You-you sure you never slept with her? (Jerry shakes his head 'no') Perfect.
he's the first cool guy I've ever been friends with in my whole life. You know.. it's a different world when you're with a cool guy, he's not afraid of anybody. You should hear the way he talks to waitresses.. he gets free pie!
Well, after dinner last week, she invites me back to her apartment.
As you care for me. Which is why it is very important that you never breathe a word of this to anyone about the... you know. What, with Clarence Thomas and everything.
(Snapping) Is that important, really? What is this, a police investigation? The woman's been through enough. She has to relive the experience now?!
Yes, and I'm speaking at a men's' conference.
Did I tell you?! Did I tell you?!
What about the body, what kind of body?
That's a tough minute. It's like waiting in the shower for the conditioner to work.
No, no no it's not about postponing. I just think the first day of Spring is the perfect day to get married. You know, Spring! Rejuvenation! Rebirth! Everything is blooming all the
Elaine you don't understand. I had 103 temperature when I bought that sweater. I was so dizzy I was seeing red dots everywhere. I thought everything in the store had a red dot on it. I couldn't distinguish one red dot from another. I couldn't afford anything. I have nothing. I haven't worked for a really long time. (Jerry is standing right behind George. Jerry takes out a hankerchief and starts fake-crying in it.) I mean look, I have no clothes, look at what I'm wearing. It's just a little red dot.
Yeah. The thing is, I, uh...I had this little zinger of my own I wanted to try.
(MUMBLING) You come to a parking lot, you write it down. How hard is that?
Pull hair, Poke eyes, Groin stuff. Whatever I gotta do. (he opens a blue bottled beverage)
Anyway, again, I'm sorry about throwing you out of the car.
Well, I just had a fight - I need a group dynamic.
Stay back! (Runs out of the room, pushing Jerry out ahead of him)
You can do better than me. You could throw a dart out the window and hit someone better than me. I'm no good!
(breaks a long silence) The uh, the shoe laces that you bought me, they uh, they worked out well. (thumbs up)
Look, you wanna have sex right now? Do want to have sex with me right now? Let's go! C'mon, let's go baby! C'mon!
I can't run, I have a bad hamstring.
He probably doesn't want to get chocolate on his fingers. That's the way these society types eat their candy bars.
She's been locked up for two years. She's gonna want to make up for lost time. Dinners. Movies. (Rubs his forehead.) Talking...
Yeah, well you have to maintain the same disposition too. You can't start acting any differently. You have to be nice.
I said preferably cashmere, for warmth. So in front of the whole party, he says, 'No. I don't want you stretching out the neck hole.'
Canceled? Do I still get credit for the pick up? I was here!
Mr. Thomassoulo during times of great stress, people are capable of super human strength. Have you ever seen the Incredible Hulk, sir?
I don't know. Perhaps I can better serve the world this way.
Kramer, Kramer, I need to know if Nina is refunding.
Hate those couples. I could never bee one of those couples. There are no bald woman around. You know?
You know it's like you never see a really attractive woman getting a traffic ticket.
I'm not gonna be nice. That's how I got the job.
I mean, she's beautiful, right? She's just my type. The dark hair, the full lips.
(dismayed) I didn't even know you wanted to get serious!
No something is bunk and then you debunk it.
Why?! Because you were stabbed, and.. got coffee thrown in your face, and.. uh.. (Points to Alan's bandaged forehead)
Me? It wasn't me I never even saw the ball. All you do is dribble.
I was in the middle of a conversation.
Whew! Anybody see that poster in there? That is weird, wild stuff, huh? Whew!
Sorry? Why sorry? What you got to be sorry about?
This is very exciting! You're on the Tonight Show, NBC, who else is on the show?
I tought I picked up a little something. I'm very good at this. Did you pick up anything?
What's the difference you just read it and mail it right back. These we'll do.
Yeah, sure. I was showing a condo on 48th street. Besides, you think I wanna miss this? (chuckles)
Here. (panicky) We'll leave it here for you!
(as the others are repositioning the tables) No, no, you can't do that, they're round, it makes an 'eight' and, yeah, well alright.
There putting in a lost and found because of me. There's a time limit but still.
If we could just harness this power and use it for our own personal gain, there'd be no stopping us.
. . . WELL IT WAS A BIG SALAD. AND WHAT I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW IS, HOW DOES A PERSON WHO HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE BIG SALAD CLAIM RESPONSIBILITY FOR THAT SALAD AND ACCEPT THE THANK YOU UNDER FALSE PRETENSES - AH - AH?
Right. I mean, we're on a subject. Why does it have to be changed?
Can I come upstairs, please? (Elaine pushes the button and lets George in.)
(Starting to panic again) What? Oh my God. What? Is it meningitis? Scoliosis? Lupis?! Is it Lupis?!
Yeah, yeah. I've heard that. Meanwhile I'm here with you in a parking garage, what am I supposed to do?
Peggy! (they all sit) His daughter Peggy. Peggy's coming over to serve.
Well what about all the Lloyd Braun sales?
I saw Amy making out with your cousin Jeffrey.
(Vowing) Well, I'll tell you this, though - I am never doing.. that , again.
The attic? Y-you haven't wore any of those clothes for years.
I dont know. I cant believe theyre making me take this test.
It's fine, it doesn't have to be about nothing.
My tonsils? Yeah, when I was a kid.
(whistles disapprovingly) Ho ho ho, Had to? Had to come in?
No, no, this is supposed to go to Joe Mayo's apartment.
I told her I was out o' soda, I went out to get some, an' I never went back.
Oh, Rita. Hey, Mr. Shermack, how're you doing, good to see you. Jay, always a pleasure. (To Susan) Sweetie. (Kisses her and then sits down next to Jerry) Yeah, yeah, that butler idea, that's beautiful. Isn't that killer? (Aside to Jerry) I thought I was getting the butler.
You know, anything in the, in the lip area is good.
Well, I was buttering myself up for a nice shave --
Wait a second. 'Little places to go, where they never close.' What's a little place that never closes?
Who's dressing you? (Laughs) You look like a complete idiot! You know, I wouldn't wipe my- (Unable to take anymore, Leslie gets up and shoves George violently. His hands go straight for the hot iron sitting on the dressing room table. George screams out in agony) AAHHHH!!!!! (his voice is heard outside the building, on the street, and in the park were a bunch of pigeons are scared by the yelling)
Yep, and the photo was all fixed and back on his desk, no thanks to you.
Fine. Steal the battery. Now, all right, here is the Frogger. This is the front door, and this is the outlet.
(Inquiring about the chalk board) What is this?
I-I'm already here. I'm here. I'm here. Uh, you know what? If you want a computer, call me. I-I gotta go.
Well, let's just say it wouldn't exist without me. (Notices another person in the library dressed the same as Celia.) So you two uh, shop at the same store, (hu)?
Well, last night she told me that she liked you. Not you, the disturbed you, so I had to tell her the truth.
Well, Marisa. See, the thing is... I'm sort of engaged.
You told her? How could you tell her? I told you not to say anything.
Maybe she moved it up in the rotation.
So she starts vaccuming, back and forth, back and forth, her hips swivelling, her breasts, uh... (trying to think of a word)
So, what's happening with the TV show? You come up with anything?
Oh yeah yeah, don't you know they used pastrami in that movie 9? weeks? Remember the pastrami scene?
The table, the stereo, the VCR, the velvet couch, where's the velvet?
I didn't do it! It..It just got done. I don't know how it got done, but it did.
The Chinese have done it my friend. The Chinese have done it.
I'll tell ya, if I had one of these things, I'd be eatin' hot dogs all the time.
Woo! Courtside! (mock-snide) Is that the best you could do? Ha ha!
Ive spent the last hour preparing ten candy bars with no wrappers or identification of any kind for him to select from.
Yes. Well -- So, uh, sit on the same side at a booth, huh?
I want you to have this job. Of course...
Yeah, yeah, sure, Christmas. Snow. Santa. All that stuff.
It's all your fault! You and Elaine! All that orgasm talk. She did have an orgasm, she didn't have an orgasm. Orgasm this, orgasm that. I got so focused on it. I started to panic and boom, I lost it. I tried everything, I was talking to him 'Please wake up, do something.'
Frolf, frisbee golf Jerry. Golf with a frisbee. This is gonna be my time. Time to taste the fruits and let the juices drip down my chin. I proclaim this The Summer of George!
Well hello. Um, ah, specifically the reason that I'm here, uh, I don't know uh what Elaine told you but uh I broke up with my girlfriend a couple of weeks ago. Actually she broke up with me [struggling with his coat zipper] and uh, well, I was the cause of it and uh, I just wanted to find out from you ... What's with this thing?
Well, you know, I gotta go to, uh, Susan's parent's house for dinner.. and, you know, I want to shower first.. and I want to leave myself plenty of time.
Is that the guy who likes fat women?
I...was trying to lead the way. We needed a leader! Someone to lead the way to safety.
Daphne. I have to tell you something, this is very difficult...
I don't think I could do it. You know, they always remember the first time. I don't want to be remembered. I wanna be forgotten.
I'm sure we're all aware of the flaws and biases of standardized tests..
Yes! Yes. You know. She didn't know about Pasteurization. He didn't know anout Fumigation. But they made it work!
It's fine, we'll just meet him at the bubble boy's house.
You cant be serious. This is New York city. There must be eleven million decent hotel rooms! Whatta you need? A flag? (waving his handkerchief) This is the signal, Jerry, this is the signal!
Would I want to see what Mary Todd wore to Lincoln's funeral?
(reluctant) Oh that uh, that seems like a lotta trouble.
Yes, because the water was cold... and the chewing warms me up.
Yeah, you're right, you're right. (To Elaine) Alright, maybe he's not interested, but you still know him - can't you just ask him?
He just walked away! And once again I'm standing here like a little man. Well not this time! (George leaves the store and follows the dog owner) You! Dog man!
So what? Ill start talking to him, you know, casual, and Ill work my way around to it.
All right. I will see you boys later.
Now I know what I am supposed to do. It's so simple. Tell the truth That's all. Just tell the truth
Oh, it's a bad day. Uh, you got everyone in your house, you're thinkin', "These are my friends?!"
(angrily)"WHY WEREN'T YOU MORE CAREFUL WITH YOUR DROOL!"
I cant believe- (falls on his knees) WE ALREADY DISCUSSED THIS!
The Rogue's Wallet. That's where he kept his card, his dirty little secret. Short, devious, balding. his name was Costanza. He killed my mother.
My censor quit two years ago. He checked into a clinic. Emotionally exhausted.
No (snorts - Laughing nervously)... I'm gonna wear black shoes.
(Not sure what the answer should be) What do you want to hear?
Elaine? It's me, George. (Elaine opens the door.) Hey, sorry to bother you so late. (To Billy) Hey! How ya doin.' (To Elaine) Uh, did you get any of those sponges?
If she want's to continue to have a fibre of her being she'll be very careful (hitting each other)
So, let me ask you. Do you think I could have done this?
My father wears his sneakers in the pool! Sneakers!
That damn delicatessen that - that is last time they screw up one of my orders.
I tell you, when she threw that toupee out the window, it was the best thing that ever happened to me. I feel like my old self again. Totally inadequate, completely insecure, paranoid, neurotic, it's a pleasure.
I look like me and I'm working from the outside. Who do you think is in the better position?
You know, I don't see how you can sit there eating that and not even offer me any?
It was an inferno in there! An inferno! (Eric, Robin's mother, and all the kids rush at George.)
Wha - what happened? What are you doing back so soon?
Mister Fowler, I-I have a squirrel here that is a miracle of modern science! (laughs)
Yo, dad. This is my boss, Mr. Kruger.
Well if you and I ever got into, like a really serious fight you know, and the punches started flying -- who do you think would win?
Dollar Eighty-Nine. Why is this a dollar eighty-nine? Why is there no haggling in this country?
I kept looking at her face. Id go, Cmon, love her. Love her!
(sidling in) Is this a bad time? I hope I'm not disturbing anything.
Oh my god he's not kidding. (exhale gasp)
Why does everything have to be 'us'? Is there no 'me' left? Why can't there be some things just for me? Is that so selfish?
You can't just walk into a building and say " I wanna be a talk show host."
Hey, by the way, if anybody wants an inside tour of the zoo, Siena works there as a trainer.
I don't know, honey. What do you want to get? [in babying voice] I want you to get anything you want...'cause I love you so much. I want you to be happy. Okay, sweetie?
You got your own shampoo, conditioner, body lotion! Jerry, body
And now for the trifecta. (Picks up a hand held TV and gets back under the covers.)
He still wins but it's not a blowout.
She probably never heard it. Don't you see what this means? It's like the whole thing never happened. It's like when Superman reversed the rotation of the earth to save Lois Lane!
You know, you're going along, you think everything's all right and all of a sudden you get that tap. (George taps his own shoulder). You know it's like pfffff (whistling sound), all right that's enough, you're through.
I'll tell you what's wrong, a grown woman with a male roommate! It's unnatural, it's an abomination!
You know she was behind the idea. She was going to champion the show. That's what I was bring her up there to tell you. And she liked me.
I've just met her but I'm very impressed.
Aw c'mon. It's a fantastic name. It's a real original, nobody else is gonna have it and I absolutely love it.
(to a street vender selling hot dogs) You must hate hot dogs, huh? Or else, you, uh, you really like 'em and that's why you, you do this.
Alright, what's the difference. What are we gonna do now? He won't take our calls, we can't get into his office...
Jerry! Jerry! Je Jerry Jerry . The most unbelievable thing has just happened, it's too Unbelievable! I'm sitting in the coffee shop, i'm talking to Susan, were talking about shoe laces (does two guns to the head) so in walks..in walks David, right, he walks right to the table..righ I introduced him to Susan..and he says get this (laughs) he says 'boy you could do a lot better than this guy' huh right (more laughing by George, Jerry is totally just mellow and straight faced) The exact same thing that I said to him, just to get back at me just to get back at me..and then, and then she says she wants to be alone for awhile..Alone Jerry! I think that she thinks that she could do better (laughs) Do you appreciate this? Do you see the irony of this? Do you see what is going on here? What's the matter?
No, you're not a divorcee. Youre just separated. You're---you're a separatee.
Let me tell you who did, uh, buy it...um we pitched this story to Russell Dalrymple, the president of NBC, and he ate it up with a spoon.
Hey hey hey, we're in a rush here.
That's like using a wheelchair for the fun of it!
Oh. It's just horse manure (huh huh - laughs, he points back at the horse that walked by) Horse manure's not that bad. I don't even mind the word manure. You know, it's, it's nure, which is good. and a ma in front of it. MA-NURE. I mean when you consider the other choices, manure is actually pretty refreshing.
You know, about the uh, two of us getting together. And I know that I said I was engaged, but (laughs) uh, you know, it's really just something you say. It's like, going steady. You know uh, going steady, engaged, it's, it's all just stuff you say. (chuckles) Anyway, I was watching uh, My Cousin Vinnie, on the uh, on the tape the other day, and I was thinking that uh, you know, the two of us might take a meeting, as they say. (chuckles) So, what d'you, what d'you think?
How are you closer to him than me?
I'm gonna get some more of these kosher cocktail franks.. (leaves)
You know, if I could get this Coco woman down to Kruger, they wouldn't be able to call me Koko anymore because Kruger would never allow 2 Kokos.
Look, Deena, I know you think I'm crazy, but I'm not. This is just a series of bad coincidences.
Oh, no. No no no no no. Id have to advise against that. What, do you know this woman a month? Lets see, youre going to be with her seventy-two hours. Thats a dating decathlon.
Well, how good a look did you get?
(realizing he was short changed) I was in the pool! I was in the pool!
That's where the Seinfeld's are moving. They got a great deal. Yep. You know what they got in Florida? Jai-Alai! You bet on the games, you clean up.
Behind the dugout, that's where we were sitting the other day.
(laughing) Have something else. Cmon, have a little dessert?
(resolved) Why not. (determined) If she can't find me, she can't break up with me. And, if we're still goin' out, she has to gooo to the ballll.
Yeah, is he still mad at you for crashing his Thanksgiving party?
This is George Costanza, I'm calling for my test results. Negative? Oh, my God. WHY! WHY! WHY? What? What? Negative is good? Oh, yes of course! How stupid of me. Thank you. Thank you very much. (he hangs up)
But really, it's enough with the bar already.
Yeah.. (Trying to remember) Poverotti.. Domingo.. and.. uh.. the other guy.
(Let down) Yeah, but you - you promised it to me.
I had the perfect situation here, he was shouldering half the load.
Jerry, just remember. It's not a lie... if you believe it.
It's a performance, Jerry. Like what you do.
Why? Why? 'Cause he's off his rocker! That's why.
I don't know of this is the house. I don't see Jerry's car anywhere.
Summer of '89 I'm at the beach. This family sits up next to me. I go in to the surfs and when I come from out, my clothes, my towel, my umbrella, they're all gone. I am furious, I start screaming to these kids demanding my stuff back and finally I lose it; I grab their boom box and I chuck it in to the ocean.
Hey. There is a couple of people that wouldn't mind having me out of the way.
No everything is *not* going good. I'm very uncomfortable. I have no power. I mean, why should she have the upper hand. *Once* in my life I would like the upper hand. I have no hand-- no hand at all. She has the hand; I have *no* hand...
Well, I think we need more special days at the stadium, you know? Like, uh...Joe Pepitone Day. Or, uh...Jon Voight Day.
Oh I beg to differ. My father took great pride in his appearance, he was a very handsome man, a casanova really.
Me too. I've been yelling at strangers on the street.
So I finally stop and say, "Tatiana, I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but I think it would be best if I left".
I'm baby-sitting! Vivian asked me to raise him if she doesn't make it.
Yeah, just tell him to hurry it up.
Just put it on! All right now, remember she had her nails done today so remark how you like the color. And if you need me you beep me, all right. Here you go, hey, hey, hey, hey...(sprays Binaca into Jerry's mouth.) Go get'em you're a tiger!
I'd love to be a Civil War buff. ... What do you have to do to be a buff
It's not that I want to keep talking about it? just think that the subject should resolve itself based on its own momentum.
I'm sorry - I have to say, I'm a little disappointed, I thought it would be a lot nicer.
'Kay. I'll uh, I'll see you later. Anybody want some tomatoes?
Nah, I have asthma. (Robin's kid grabs George's leg from under the table, and George struggles.)
Were you just talking about me? What's going on?
Alright, alright, fine. (Gives the keys to Elaine.)
(Aggravated) Well, I got screwed on the donuts. There were none left. Heh!
So, you want to come down to Mario's Pizza with me and help me pick up the Frogger?
What if her experience with me *drove* her to it?
And I am not a piece of toast.
[realizing the only way out is to show the stub] I've got the stub.
(Pleading) Please, please, they're gonna hit me! (Attempts to grab Helen's purse, she starts hitting George defensively, he backs off)
. . .uh, . . . wait a second. Are you suggesting that I went out of my way to tell Elaine that even though you handed her the big salad, that it came from me?
It was kinda fun. (Elaine gives Jerry a cold cloth for his jaw.) You know, maybe his name really is J-O-H-N, but he changed it to J-O-N for show business. Well, you know, J-O-N is a lot zippier.
(Annoyingly butting in) Kinda like Superman's fortress of solitude.
Alright, very good, very good...go fold your little balloon animals, Eric. Eric! (chuckles) What kind of name is that for a clown, huh?
Because I kissed her in the meeting. Russell found out, he fired her over the phone. Finally, my stupidity pays off!
We'll have 2 slices and 2 grape sodas.
(incredulous) You can't ground me, I'm a grown man.
I don't even think she'd notice it. Can you see it?
I'd like to say it once to someone that can actually hear it!
You're not a doctor. You shouldn't even have books like this.
I dont know. But Simons said that if I wanted to get involved, that Wilkinson would tell me the exact right minute to sell. You wanna do it?
Kramer, what the hell are you talking about?
Oh, of course. (motioning Estelle to enter) Of course.
Oh, right! (Shakes her hand) Right! Hey, hey.. I love the floors in here. It's like a gymnasium in here! Try and guard me! (Dribbles an imaginary ball
Wait, wait wait, not so fast. Jerry, you gotta take me to get this thing refinished.
It would have been nice if someone told me about it. I just think you could have said something. That's all.
All right. There's nothing to be worried about. She's just a little annoyed right now. Tomorrow I'll personally go over there. I'll apologize. I'll get the papers. Don't worry. Don't worry. (exits)
You would think that, but either youre born with a sense of humor, or youre not. Its not going to change even if you go from the red sun of Krypton all the way to the yellow sun of the Earth.
(Slowly backing away, he's not at all committed to the conversation) Yeah.. television.
It's beautiful. She makes all the plans. I'm not from around here so it's okay if I'm stupid, and she knows I'm only in town visiting so there's no messy breakup
If I didnt put that floss in my pocket, Id be crawling around her bedroom right now looking for my glasses.
Kramer, this is perfect. I need you to go in there, pretend you're a doctor and check this guy for moles.
Yeah, yeah. He went into the bedroom and started sobbing.
Really? (Jerry nods his head) Well, what if it doesnt stop? Oh, that I really needed to hear. That helps a lot! All right, just say something. Just start talking. Change the subject. Lets just go, All right? I cant believe were having dinner with Alton Benes.
I think I had some hard candy in there.
And then I hear this rabbi on television, I mean imagine.
How do you know? What if pig-man had a two-seater?
Still, I bet when they gave him a plane, it was a lot nicer than this one.
You know, I'm down to one kiss hello. My aunt Sylvia.
I think you're right. You gonna eat that?
They're all the same. You go, you sit, you eat popcorn, you watch. I'm sick of it.
(Nervous, his voice cracks) Hey, Antonio. How's it going?
I havent seen it yet, but its a two-bedroom, its on the uh, west 83rd, bout a half block from the park?
(as Jerry and Elaine continue to whine) Give it! Give it! (he finally gets the remote away from them) Pinheads.
Not with that big glass window looking out into the hall. I'd love a good nap. That's the only thing getting me out of bed in the morning. I'll see ya'.
Anywhere in the city - I'll tell you the best public toilet.
On-the-street cell-phone call is the lowest phone call you can make.
Its called Sendrax. Theyve got some new kind of technique for televising opera.
(defensive) So what? So what if I do?
Its been a long night. You go home and get some sleep.
What do you think I mean bald? Bald. Bald bald.
Na no, I'm not good in these situations. I can't hide my pity. I..I make em feel worse.
No, you haven't. Well, maybe you have. What do I know.
All right, all right. Thats it. Im gonna go down there.
All right, I gotta make a call. Everybody out, come on.
Yeah, well I'm thinking about getting out of town with Susan for a few days....Her parents rebuilt the cabin!
(enthusiastic) Yeah. You get a couch. I get rid of my father. It couldn't be more perfect!
Yeah, I told her how toilet paper hasn't changed in my lifetime, and probably wouldn't change in the next fifty thousand years and she was fascinated, fascinated!
All right, believe me, you're not going to marry him.
How much do you tip a chamber maid?
What! There's no signs here! This is an outrage!
Why does she want you to be mad?
Ya-see, how could this not have any fat? It's too good.
(shouting) Turn your key, Maura. Turn your key!
(Eating) Oh yeah. These are fantastic, fantastic. (To server) You know, I'd love to get a jump on the next batch, where do you come out? (Server leaves) (To Anna) She's been ignoring this section all night. Quesadilla?
Yeah, I mentioned Simons. Next thing I know, Im in the parking lot. Perhaps they had some sort of a falling out. Ill tell you one thing. I dont know what hes got. But for a sick guy, hes very strong.
Well, it's kind of a mystery, isn't it?
You know, that, that thing about her being too good for him. I mean, I was just bein' folksy. They could tell I was just being folksy..?
(nervous) All right now we're going bye bye.
Well, it's a good looking piece of meat. (laughs nervously) Wow, this is some place. A duplex, huh? (indicating) Look at this, you got stairs in an apartment. All my life, I dreamed about having steps in an apartment. Even one step. Sunken living room. Although, one step is really not all that sunken. (tries hard to elicit a laugh)
Wait a second. Think about it. He's not showing up. Wait till you see the line of cabs, its like forty-five minutes long. You said he's in Chicago.
What do you mean - "Not letting you?"
(After looking in the bag) The pea pods? All you saved was the pea pods? (Kramer enters)
Coffees coffee in the morning. Its not coffee at twelve oclock at night.
Kramer, hey, hey! (Gets up out of his seat)
What was wrong with that? I had a different interpretation! Do you know anything about this pretzel guy?! Maybe he's been in the bar a really long time and he's really depressed because he has no job and no woman and he's parking cars for a living! (out the window to honking cars) Alright! Alright! Shut up! Shut up! I hear you! I'm coming down! These pretzels are making me thirsty!
Oh, my God, No, oh my God, . . . Jerry!
When Lupe makes up the beds in the morning.
I can't go in there. I can't face the bubble boy.
Susan! Jerry! Where are you? I know you're there! Answer me!
Hey look a that - boy are you lucky - another great spot - right in front of the hospital. In an emergency yet! How lucky are you huh? Is that unbelievable? How unbelievable is that huh? Come on, give it to me, give it to me.
Oh, I think that's fantastic. Good for you. Nice. That's very nice.
Look, I gotta tell ya...I been thinkin' about it, I just don't feel right about letting you into Elaine's apartment.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, do you think I?m comfortable here. I can't change, I?ve got no clothes here! You've got to go like that, I can?t go like this alone!
I used to share that same outlook. But now, I have so many things to occupy my mind. For instance, the atom.
(Not really wanting to embellish) ..I stopped by the house to drop the car off, and I went inside for a few minutes.. Nobody was there - they're supposed to be working. (Jerry and Elaine look at each other - enjoying the story) My mother had a Glamour magazine, I started leafing through it..
What was the tallest woman you ever slept with?
I told you those trips were relationship killers. Too bad you cant get your buddy Superman to fly around the Earth at super speed and reverse time. Youd get all the money back, you could have avoided the whole trip to Vermont...
Um, hi, its George, George Costanza, remember me? The guy that didnt come up for coffee. You see, I didnt realise that coffee didnt really mean... well, whatever. Anyway, it was fun. It was... it was fun, so... oh boy, um, so... You call me back. If you want. Its up to you, you know, whatever you wanna do. Either way. The balls in your court. So uh, take it easy.
(Panicky) Uh, yeah. You know, Doctor, I gotta tell you, I feel a lot better.
(excited) So then, as we were leaving, we were just kind of standing there, and she was sort of smiling at me, and I wasnt sure if she wanted me to ask her out, because when women smile at me I dont know what it means. Sometimes I interpret it like theyre psychotic or something and I dont know if Im supposed to smile back, I dont know what to do. So I just stood there like  remember how Quayle looked when Benson gave him that Kennedy line? Thats what I looked like.
Ya it used to be right in the middle of single Jeopardy and now they do it right after single Jeopardy.
Well, I think you should drop him down to Step Two.
Jerry, unless I pull down on this statuette and a hidden wall opens up, we have checked every square inch of this apartment!
Okay, so you remember I made the initial call Sunday, she doesnt call back. I call again Monday, I leave another message. I call Tuesday, I get the machine again, I know youre there, I dont know what your story is. Yesterday, Im a volcano  I try one more call, the machine comes on, and I let fly like Mussolini from the balcony, Where the hell do you get the nerve? You invite me up for coffee and then you dont call me back for four days? I dont like coffee, I dont have to come up. Id like to get one more shot at the coffee just so I could spit it in your face.
No problem there. Conformity is an obsession with me.
All right, Dad, we're five blocks from the house. Sit sideways.
I'm sorry about that lock on the liquor cabinet. The combination musta just flown outta my head. It's a mental block.
(Sarcastic) Yeah, performance artist. She's a real performer. A real trooper.
Busy. Don't give me busy. Who's not busy? I'm busy, we're all busy, everybody's busy. All right, tell me, what's kept you so busy?
I have to have my tonsils taken out.
(Still holding the note) I think I'm having a heart attack.
"To the victor goes the spoils." What are you going to do tonight?
Jerry, it's fantastic. I love the people over there. They- they treat me so great. You know they think I'm handicapped, they gave me this incredible office, a great view.
You know, my mother used to walk around on our apartment just in her bra and panties. She didn't look anything like you, she was really disgusting, really bad body. If you could imagine uglier and fatter version of Shirley Booth. Remember Shirley Booth from Hazel. Really embarrassing, cause you know I had only mother in the whole neighborhood who was worse looking than Hazel. Imagine the taunts I would hear.
Here's the TV. I know you wanted to watch the Super Bowl. Do you at least have some towels we could sit on? It's, like, a four hour game.
Well, people never give a good 'hello' at a funeral. I mean, they go like this (George gives an extremely understated nod) That's the biggest.
Babu Bhatt? How I'm going to explain this?
Elaine, shes a psychic. She knows how the kids going to be.
I know enough to stay away from it.
I can't sell the book. It's been marked.
He just read it. (Russell vomits again. Jerry and George look ashamed.)
So what?! She still gave you advice; what's the difference if she's not Chinese?!?!
Once, to a dog. He licked himself and left the room.
Alright, alright, I'll go on the date, but that's that.
This is it! It happened to me, Jerry! I was sitting in the restaurant, the two nut jobs were talking - I couldn't take it any more. I got up, and (Makes a noise) I bop into this woman..
The better looking they are, the faster they go! I mean, I see they out there on the street, they're zooming around, like a blur. Like they have a motor on their ass.
All right. So, he caught me in a cleavage peek, so big deal. Who wouldn't look at his daughter's cleavage? She's got nice cleavage.
Remember when you came to audition for us?
Oh geeeee. (George pantomimes sticking a knife in his heart, and twists it.) Go, go!
We were expecting about two hundred people...Well...Thank you , thank you.
Jerry, I'm not suggesting getting rid of the girl. She's integral.
D'oh...Oh, oh, the judge! I hate this guy!
Yeah! That's how they talk. You know, everyone's either a bastard or a son of a bitch. Yeah, it's like uh..."boy, that son of a bitch Box can really hit, uh?!" (laughs)
Alright, alright! We'll buy her a wheelchair! Wheelchairs, engagement presents.. IT NEVER ENDS!
Then I got off the phone right away.
Guys, hitting is not about muscle. It's simple physics. Calculate the velocity, v, in relation to the trajectory, t, in which g, gravity, of course remains a constant. (Hits a home run) It's not complicated.
You know what? I changed my mind. I, uh, I don't think so.
The perfect combination of Mountain Dew and mozzarella...just the right amount of grease on the joy stick...
All right, I've got to go down to the unemployment office. Wanna take a walk?
Well...I was in the locker room showering, and I...I had to go, so...
I offered to pay. She should've said no.
I dunno, Jerry somethin's missing. There's a void, Jerry, there's a void...
I'm the assistant to the travelling secretary. I'm going on the road trips with 'em! I'll be on the plane... I'm working in Yankee Stadium! This is a dream, I'm busting, Jerry, I'm busting!
(To Carl) Oh, by the way, order anything you want, it's all on me. Just do me a tiny favor pretend we're old friends. Oh my God! Mr. Morgan! What a coincidence, it's Mr. Morgan. Mr. Morgan, I want you to meet a dear old friend of mine, Carl.
(Reading the card from Whatley) "This holiday season a donation has been made in your name to the Children's Alliance."?
I think it moved. Oh my god, I think it moved. Yeah, give me the big piece. I'll see you later.
I didn't know whether to try and keep her from falling, or zip up.
Care? Forget about care. Love. They have to love the characters. Otherwise, why would they keep tuning in?
Well, it's not that. I just, you know, I thought that we were both uh...
I'll tell you what happened. I bet he got the AM/PM mixed-up.
She invited me up. Coffees not coffee, coffee is sex.
Oh, no, no. Twix is the only candy with the cookie crunch.
All right. At last, we're finally gettin' out of here.
Right, can we go? Cause Im double-parked, Im gonna get a ticket.
No, I'm fine. I'm good. I'm very good.
Hey, look at this. This is the same massage chair we're gettin' for Joe Mayo, $60 cheaper.
Well, I'll tell you, Stacey. It's a lot of hard work. But, it comes fairly easy to me. Some people write symphonies. This is my gift. (Raises ski lift ticket while Stacey looks away)
Ah, listen ah, I don't mean to bother you but ah, silly me, I- I think I may have left my hat in your apartment. So ah, I thought I'd just come by later and pick it up.
(entering the apartment more fully) Oh. Oh, hi, hi. Hi. Nice to meet you. (peering at the table) What're you having, veal?
There she is. (waiving his arms quickly above the table - to nix the conversation) No no no no no no.
Oh my God, an affair. That's so adult. It's like with stockings and martinis, and William Holden. On the other hand it probably wouldn't cost me any money.
Oh, well, a mantel's a whole different story.
Who's Bozo? Bozo the Clown, that's who Bozo is. When I was a kid, Bozo the Clown was the clown, bar none.
Thats exquisite. Listen, uh, if its not too much trouble, could you pass me that paper over there?
No no, this is a matter of principle. That would just be saying that anybody could just pull into any parking space any way they want. Well I'm making a stand here. I'm saying *no* to head first parking. I'm not putting up with that. We put up with too much crap in this city, we're not putting up with head first parking.
How so? I'll tell you how so. She's bald!
You're very good. Very good with the moanings and the gyrations. Y-You really had me going there for a minute.
I was trying to stick the landing. (indistinct) ...was right around here.
(to himself) You can't tell much from those pictures.
(still by the door) What? M-Maura, what are you doin' here? I ended this relationship... twice!
Yeah, yeah, not fan talk, not gushing, you know? Actual conversation, I was incredibly articulate!
All right, uh, okay, I got it, um, Ill sing.
I need like a bucket of water! I got a car overheating, I got an alarm that won't go off, I'm pressing 'one', I'm pressing 'two', nothing! What do I do?! Help me! Help me!
Alright, alright! (Goes out onto the sidewalk. The Seinfelds walk by) Seinfelds!
Well, I didn't mean to hurt you kid.
(Talking about his would-be apartment) You could fit 15 people in that bathroom..
So, um, you've read "The Big Game", have you?
O.K., Danny, take a swing. (Tartabull swings the bat.) N-No! No! No! You're opening up your shoulder.
"There may be a problem with the phone, hold on"!
(on tape, singing) "Believe it or not, George, isn't at home, please leave a mes-saaage at the beep. I must be out or I'd pick up the pho-one. Where could I be? Believe it or not, I'm not hooome." (beep)
I know, I know, I can't stop it!
Yeah. What are you doing with the Daily Worker?
Besides, Steven Koren has the highest of aspirations. He wants to be (pauses for effect) an architect.
I still don't understand this. Abby has a mentor?
All right, listen, I'll see you guys later.
What did I get or what do I say I got?
Her roommate. I've driven women to lesbianism before but never to a mental institution.
Where are you gettin' a Wizard for fifty dollars?
Does she walk around holding a pen she never seems to need?
Well, I didn't really think about what I was gonna do with all..
Okay, Okay. Who do you think you're talking to? What are ya' you trying to make a joke, because it's not funny. I can tell you that.
(rising to his feet) Hey! Hey, you! (setting off after her) Come back here!! Don't gallop away!!
Yes, it was purple, I liked it, I dont actually recall considering the buttons.
I hate this mall, there are never any spaces here...
Eat me alive, huh? We'll see who can make it in *this* town.
Yeah. A couple of people. I don't get that, though. Where do you start?
Of course hes been in touch with him. Hes left two messages. He just hasnt heard back yet, thats all.
You know what word Susan used last night? Hnuh. Vault! hu,
Right! And these pigeons broke the deal. I will not accept the blame for this!
Alright, now. What mood am I in, what mood am I in?
No, don't say a word. If she thinks my friends are jerks, then I'm a *jerk*...
I knew it!! (shuts cab door) I predicted it! (hits cab roof twice, it drives off) Saw both of them today! What a disaster! I'm runnin' all over Queens. First I saw my mother. We had lunch together. Never had... LUNCH with my mother before--it's like a date! Then we drive down to Kew Gardens! Tons of traffic! I see my father. We played "Clue"! All day with this! [Kew Gardens (see links at end of script)]
In this scene my co-star who's right over here ( goes over to George who is still on the phone) Follow meeeee... is George Costanza, he plays an airline pilot who's just returned from Rome and I'm about to show him how much I've missed him.
(Depressed) Well,.. the Andrea Doria.. that was quite a fire. (Moves to the door, leaving)
It's right in the explosion scene. So if you could just...leave me a little window. You know, my, uh, my aunt had a thing removed with a laser. All right, I don't want to interrupt your meal, so...
(getting up out of his chair to get out of the Mohel's way) No, No.
Well, I'm still here. You took out the other guy!
You paying my hotel and airfare to Miami?
(really animated) Alright, alright. You see? This is why I hate writing with a large group. Everybody has their own little opinions, and it all gets homogenised, and you lose the whole edge of it. I'm going with jerk store! Jerk store is the line! Jerk store! Yess!
My parents? They don't know *what's* goin' on...
(To Jerry) Let me ask you something.. How much do you think it would cost to have tonsils and adenoids removed in the hospital?
What, are you kidding? (Points at the flaws of Jerry's hands) The knuckles are all out of proportion. you got hair over there - where do you get off comparing your hands to my hands?! This is a one-in-a-million hand. (Points to his own hand)
He's coming up?! (Moves to the door) I'll check you out later.
I tried! I almost threw it down the incinerator, but I couldn't do it. The guilt was too overwhelming. (Grabs the doll, opening the door to leave) Susan's so attached to this thing.
Well, he is. I, uh, I live around the corner.
That's not funny. So, are you coming to the party?
(Studying the salt shaker) I'm not taking a civil service test.
I thought you said he was gonna get a muffin.
Will I call you when I get home? ha ha What do you think? ee, you kill me kill me
Hey, by the way, what'd you think of Miss Yoshimura?
All right. Let's go over it again, one more time.
Okay. (They walk around each other.) OK. Ill choose you. Whaddaya want?
Let me tell you something about that tag. It's no 31, and uh...let's just leave it at that.
It was on CNN ( Kramer comes in and he is taping from a Camcorder) This Chinese doctor Zeng Zau. has discovered a cure for baldness.
You know, sometimes those guys don't make it back. (Looks in fridge) I'm really hungry.
I feel like a huge weights been lifted off my shoulders. I... I... I feel happy! Kramer, I dont know how to thank you!
He's got Marlon Brando's. I could go to Marlon Brando's house if I really wanted.
Now if you will kindly help me unwedge my front wheel, I'll be on my way.
Well a lot of people consider me small and prestigious.
. All right , just give me my car and let me get the hell out of here.
Here, just give me a couple of napkins.
My whole life has been a complete waste of time, (chuckle)
Puddys just gonna give you the car, huh? (Skeptically) Youll see. First they stick you with the undercoating, rust-proofing, dealer prep. Suddenly, youre on your back like a turtle.
( to Jerry) What about the letter, should I think about the letter?
It it's huge. It's probably like North Dakota.
I told her what a sexist he is. How he cheats on his wife.
Uh, nothing, lets get going. Come on. (laughs) hu hu.
Why don't we talk about it another time.
So, she's the loser of the group. Every group has someone that they all make fun of.. Like us with Elaine. (Jerry thinks about this, then shakes it off)
I'm stuck. Pull a little, just a second. Don't start the train! Don't start the train!!
Well what would I say in the note?
Flying him in? How longs he staying for?
And maybe we could go out and do something.
(excited) Ho ho! (gestures and steps towards bedroom but Loretta walks the other way to the couch)
Or we don't even send the check and then when they call, we pretend we're the cleaning service. Heh heh. "Hello? I sorry, no here Kruger."
I know. It's Mickey Mantle's number. So not only is it an all around beautiful name, it is also a living tribute.
Of course you will. (quick chuckle). You're the best. (with a light fist motion across her chin)
That is what Mr. Steinbrenner wants. He wants, everyone, ta, twirl around.
Oh! Nuts! Excellent! You know what I love? How there's two nuts named after people. Hazel...and filbert.
Alright. 7,7, (points at himself) 6. I'm not gonna eat that much!
I guess that leaves me in the clear...
Oh yeah! Middle finger, straight up, at me! At us!
How's her handshake? A little firm, isn't it? Maybe a little too firm?
Anyway, we met with NBC about a month ago and they gave us the green light to go ahead and write a pilot. In fact, we got a big meeting with them tomorrow. They gotta approve of the story before we can write.
Everybody's talkin' at me...I can't hear a word they're sayin'...just drivin' around in Jon Voight's car...
(walking back) Are you sure? 'Cause it could really help me out of a jam.
Hey, hey. Kramer, what are you doing? You can't smoke in here.
Well, what's so great about a Mom and Pop store? Let me tell you something. If my Mom and Pop ran a store, I wouldn't shop there.
You can go crazy trying to figure that place out.
Oh, sure. (Holds the box out as Susan takes out a few letters)
Wait a minute, Rinitze? Don't they have somme really cool suits in there?
She treated me to the Arabian mocha java.
You see if I stay the whole year, I get it all.
Did you see the way she pointed at the check? She gave me the finger.
Gee, Kramer, I uh...I don't know what to say.
If there's any doubt, I do a leave-behind. Keys, gloves, scarf -- I go back to her place to pick it up...(pop sound) date number two.
My place? NO, no, no. I hate my place. I don't wanna go back to my place.
(animated) You're letting him have a woman over?!
Well, I gotta go back there and try again. Hi Sheila.
This is not good. World's are colliding! George is getting upset!
Hey! Uh--listen--did you get your--uh--boss's Knick ticket, for Kramer?
Oh, it was. But he claimed it was a 5th Avenue bar.
You know what? I can't do this. I can't read books anymore; books on tape have ruined me, Jerry. I need that nice voice. This book has *my* voice. I hate my voice.
All right. All right. Let's - let's go over that again.
We could build a cabin like (Snaps) that.
(through mouthful of food) So, Carrie, you and Susan are cousins. So your baby daughter is gonna be Susan's second cousin, right? So what does that make me?
No, I did not! (They exit the coffee shop.)
The next morning, I woke up, and it was going like this. (moves his arm slowly) I can control it if I really concentrate. But otherwise, (arm moves) oh.
Now my parents are gonna know I had people over.
Whaddya mean, you'll ``get'' the popcorn and the soda?
Theres no way I touch that bag for less than two dollars.
Then, why? Why did you make me drive all the way out here? Why didn't you say something? Why? Why? Why?
How you gonna catch him? He's probably boarded the plane already.
I didn't burn it down - Kramer did!
Jerry? I have to tell you something. This is the dullest moment Ive ever experienced.
I heard they found a family in your freezer
(Turning back to Jerry, he takes the check back. He just now notices the shirt Jerry's wearing, and snickers, pointing) Nice shirt.. (Laughs, Jerry shrugs) What is this? Is this what you wore on the show?
(looking over her resume) Well Miss Coggins you're ah, obviously qualified for the job. You've all the necessary skills and experience. But you're extremely attractive. you're gorgeous. Im looking at you, I can't even remember my name. So ah, Im afraid this is not going to work out (he crumples her resume into a ball) Thanks for coming in.
(coyly, he looks down and runs his finger along the top of the chair back in front of him) Do you, uh ... do you know what Im ... thinking about now?
Specific, Ah, lets see. I've walked in and out of so many buildings they all .. blend in together, I uh, ..
(aggravated) Oh, that's not good enough! You don't try and de-sour. You have to sweeten too!
Course, I wouldn't, I mean uh, the guy is uh, well obviously (to Cynthia, as she passes) the guy has his problems.
(anxious) I forgot who I am! Who am I?!
I don't understand what the big deal is. They let you try on pants.
Where do you come up with this stuff?
Yeah, yeah. I see the irony. All right. What about this? What if I can find some way to break up with her so that she'll still like me and it doesn't affect the deal.
Huh, nggh [snort] Stop. (flirting with her he playfully hits her arm with the menu, then flicks it into the air)
Oh I'm seeing someone, yes. You know her, Daphne Bower.
Oh yes, of course, and we have to be fair. (placing the suit further away in the rack)
No. So, tonight she's got tickets for that show she's been working on. The Flying Sandos Brother.
(Defensively) He knows how to read. And he also knows finishing an entire book doesn't prove anything. And get this he's into architecture.
Okay. (Chewing) Thanks anyway. (Continues to chew as he exits)
Hey listen... umm, instead of the movie... uh, maybe we'll go back and uh you know...(nudges her head with his head)
Look at that guy. Right there. Isn't that the guy from the show? He's..he's wearing the jacket.
No no no, that's in the right position.
What about me? I was a total failure. Everything was fine. Now this thing's gonna be a success and God's gonna give me a terminal disease.
hey, you know what? I just remembered something. I had a dream about that guy last night. This is amazing.
Well who schedules his wedding on Super Bowl Sunday?
Alright, just make sure he reserves the good chair for me. Wait, what are you gonna tell him about the clanking noise in the car?
So you don't think she really has a boyfriend?
All right, look. I'm getting the Chow Fung. You don't have to have any.
And everything else has changed. But toilet paper is exactly the same, and will be so until we're dead.
Fifty bucks a month, that's incredible! Okay, thanks.
Alright, but no later, because my parents are coming back.
Well, Jerry, I been thinkin'. I've gotten as far as I can go with George Costanza.
It's a pot pourri. May I, uh, may I show you the master bedroom? (they leave together)
(embarrassed/self-conscious about his gut) Do I? Thanks.. You too..
I'm cold too. At least you've got a coat. Let's get in the car.
Why? Did she say something to you about why she broke up with me?
You don't know what that spot means to him. Once he gets it, he doesn't go out for weeks.
You don't think you can buy the ticket yourself...? No, there, there...you sit, and I'll purchase the ticket for you.
Exactly, but theyre on there  waiting. She said she cant wait to see me, were having dinner tonight. Shes supposed to call me as soon as she gets home.
You know, you have to know how to do that. You cant have people shoving their arms into a six-hundred degree oven!
Uh, uh, yeah. Actually, the, uh, I-I bumped my elbow on a desk and uh injured something an.. now it sort of moves involuntarily.
Just dropped in for a visit. You, uh, you never called me back.
Oh, you haven't heard, she's going to live with her grandparents in Redding Pennsylvania.
Yes, sure, surely was. Yeah, I'll remember that day. Well I'll never forget it because that was the day that I uh, lost my virginity to Miss. Stafford, the uh, voluptuous home room teacher.
Well, Steven, I, uh.. (All the sudden, a small gang steps out of nowhere, surrounding George)
Yeah, I would. It's just, you know, I just ate a whole pot roast.
Oh uuh, sure, why not. (the blind man hangs on to George's arm) Hey, that's the guy.
All these years I've been chuckin' and you've never told me?
Well, she doesn't really want to see Firestorm.
God! She's cooking dinner for God! She's yelling and screaming, and the next thing I know, she throws a big can of chocolate syrup all over my new red shirt.
They wish. I hate the big broker-houses. Hate them with a passion. Big broker-houses killed my father.
If anything happens here, can I count on you?
Jerry, let me tell you something, "A man without hand is not a man." I got so much hand I'm coming out of my gloves. I got to thank Kramer.
It was very traumatic. The last thing I remember is you flinching. Then, everything went black.
Hey I'll get married if I have to. Al Netchie will think twice before he opens his mouth about me again.
Oh, right, right, the intervention. Should we leave?
Every night at six-thirty. The nurse was gorgeous.. then I got a look at the patient.. (Laughs, then snorts) I was going nuts.
Well, I like to stay in touch with the people.
So you're telling me instead of them being happy to see me, they're going to be upset because I didn't bring anything. Ttst --You see what I'm saying?
Its an incredible deal. I dont know why you dont come with me.
kissed me. We both had tears streaming down our faces. I never saw anyone so beautiful. It was at that moment that I decided to tell her that, I was not a marine biologist.
Alright, fine.I'll drive the 3 hours each way, 6 hours all together, and take 'em off myself!!
Alright. Uh, well, I'm out of here. (Gets up to leave)
Well why don't you take off your hat and stay awhile.
You have to stand tough sir. That's why I had to hang up the phone.
(Suggesting) Maybe she's a nudist. You know, those nudist colony people..
Well, she's smart. You take my word for it.
Thank you very much. You just stand over there, I?ll stand over here.
Great! I ate the entire platter! Had to call in sick today.
No...Why should that make any difference to you?
That?s not the issue, we're friends, if I?ve got to be uncomfortable, you've got to be uncomfortable too!
No sports jacket? I don't need a sports jacket? Writers wear sports jackets.
(emerging from bathroom, buttoning his shirt) A gymnast! I can't believe it, you didn't tell me she was a gymnast.
And you really believe this guy doesn't want to have kids.
I'm just gonna...wash. (George walks to the bathroom; screaming) WHY DID I PUT UP TWO? WHY DID I PUT UP TWO?
(to himself) Yeah, you said it. (to Wilhelm) Uh, excuse me, Mr Wilhelm. Uh, do you really think... Well, is this downtown trip really necessary, you know, for the project?
Oh, I, uh, I disagree. You've, uh, you've been living in America too long. (indicates the bag of oranges) You've forgotten what it's like to have no oranges.
(chuckles) Bye, thanks. (To Jerry, when Susan is far) I can't believe she took the money.
That's okay. That's good. You think Louie Pasteur and his wife had anything in common? He was in the fields all day with the cows, you know with the milk, examining the milk, delving into milk, consummed with milk. Pasteurization, Homogenization, She was in the kitchen killing cockroaches with a boot on each hand.
I can't do this! I can't do it. I have tried. I'm here. It's impossible.
Aah, yeah, yeah. Won't you head on in, we'll be in in a second. Be right with you.
Oh ho! Class, huh? At Columbia? Let me tell you something, pal. I called the registrars office. I checked you out. They have no record of a Ray Thomas at that school! You liar!
(Holding up Kramer's book) According to this, it took.. 10 hours. It eased into the water like an old man into a nice warm bath - no offence. (Pause) So, uh, Clarence, how about abandoning this apartment, and letting me shove off in this beauty?
I can't believe it. He's going! He's fired!
(standing) Yes, payroll. Yes I did. Very productive. Payroll... Paid off.
There's an easy move go from screwin' you behind your back to screwin' you right to your face.
"I have to go see Steinbrenner later. Mr Wilhelm told him that I was the one responsable for stealing all the merchandise."
Elaine, can I just explain something to you very privately here? Susan and I have been together many, many times now, and just between you and me, there's really no big surprises here, so...make-up sex is all that I have left.
Don't you see what this says? How can you possibly like somebody ,if you think they look like this?
I guess I should be, but Im not.
I always get myself in this position. Can't be on time. Gotta rush.
'When you're alone, and life is making you lonely, you can always go...'
So, uh, how long has this been going on?
(knocking on the counter and feigning a muffled, Chinese voice) Chinese food!
The woman she's "lesbianing" with? Susan told me she's *never* been with a guy.
I believe strongly in that as you know.
Wait a minute, that is my apartment. I earned it with 34 years of misery!
Hello, it's Natalie? Yeah, this is a business office but I'm not a business man per se. I'm here working for the people. Yes, I'm causing dissent. Stirring the pot. Getting people to question the whole rotten system.
[to himself] Hey, whatd'ya know? Look at that! A *lesbian* sighting. Oh-ho! My lucky day. They're *so* fascinating. Why is that? Because they don't want us. You gotta respect that...
Hi, it's me. It's Georgie Boy. What's going on?
She calls you today and she doesnt make a plan for tomorrow? What is that? Its Saturday night!
I'm not gonna give you my card unless you tell me what it's for!
Yes, it is exciting! All right, this is gonna be my new face.
Well perhaps, not to the extent that you are. But I know the basic plot. Yeah.
You only think that because you know me.
My heart! My heart! (To Assistant) Where you going? Are you crazy?!
Absolutely. Because instead of doing a wash, I just keep buying underwear. My goal is to have over three hundred and sixty pair. That way, I only have to do wash once a year.
Well, sure. They're Jewish, and you're a shiksa.
Yeah, you gotta do it classy (wipes his mouth to his sweater.)
(Runs over to him, not wanting him to leave) What? You're going?
Oh no no no, if you must know, I would rather be with her than go to the game.
I can't believe she got involved with a shrink.
You know, a muffin can be very filling.
The guy that stole my glasses. This time I got 'em! (George follows the man onto the street, dragging the blind man with him) Would you pick it up a little?
I am in and out of my personnel file at work all the time.
I dunno. I was just talking to the man and he walked out on me!
And you know what else I've decided to do? I'm going to keep seeing the bald woman.
He said that? (Daphne shacks her head) What a nerve. How dare he say something like that.
No no no, this ones different. This ones a beauty!
When is it going to be my turn, Jerry? When do I get my 15 minutes? I want my 15 minutes!
Thank you Mr.Farkus, thank you very much indeed sir.
So, how do you like the way I talked you into comin' down here?
Oh, I wanted to talk to you--I'm sorry, I--didn't know you... (re Donna) had company. (Jerry indicates he should stay) Hiya, I'm George.
What are we supposed to do? What do you do on a situation like this? Should we call a lawyer, should we call the police?
Shhh What is wrong with you? You never tell 'em you like the car. (Advising) You're not sure what you want. You don't even know why you're here.
It'll have to be a night job anyway. You don't normally work after dinner, do you?
Oh I hate to hear this. That kind of growth really irritates me.
(disbelief) What?! They're stealing the name?! That's my name, I made it up!
You came to see me. I work in the building.
They're worse! They're much worse than us, they talk about everything! Couldn't you at least tell her about the shrinkage factor?
(surprised) So, I'm Neil? How did I do that?
Yeah, it's me sir. It's been a harrowing few days. uuh,After the car accident, I-I crawled into a ditch, and managed to survive on, grubs and puddle water, until a kindly old gentleman picked me up.
I might tell her that I love her. I came this close last night, then I just chickened out.
I've done the march in. Best feeling in the world.
(Still with a tone) He is. You dont know what Im doin here.
So what! Have a yoke! It won't kill you.
And how does the baldness fit into that plan?
Why don't they have salsa on the table?
horning on my rock climbing trip. It's just supposed to be me and Tony
I was jumping over a puddle, and for some reason I went like this. (George stretches out his arms in a ballet motion) And they called me a Mary. So I chased them, and I tripped and I fell.
An apartment complex, the uh the Eiffel Towers. uumm Like I said uh you'll be getting a postcard uh in a few days and again I'm sorry.
(depressed) Feel like I can't do anything wrong.
If you're in some situation where some fast cash will save your life, I'll give you the code.
Alright. I guess I just have to pick myself up, dust myself off, and throw myself right back down again!
I know. That's the point. If it's gonna get sexual, it should get sexual with you.
No, its not a problem, I can get rid of the apartment this afternoon.
(worked up) Because if she gets it back, then you'll have no reason to be sour. You'll de-sour, right?
Oh, yeah, sure, laugh it up. Everybody else did!
No. Now I'll always have this doubt about the car. What, your jaw still hurts?
Y'know what it is? It's "Clara Nightingale Syndrome." He falls ill; she falls in love.
Going to need a little more coffee here.
(Shrugging it off) She'll be fine. I gotta go to the hospital to see her tonight.
And here's a roll that I think you may enjoy.
So you're buying the car back for your parents?
Baah! There it is! You just said it! That's what I want! Now say it again, and tell it to me.
(frustrated) Ohh, I wanted to see that. (waves his arms in frustration) Thanks. Thanks a lot.
Ok. Good. And Kramer, you're in charge of taping off the loading zone.
I go in to use his private bathroom, everybody uses it, and then I get a memo - a memo - telling me to use the men's room in the hall. Well, (laughing) I mean we share it with Pace Electronics. It's disgusting!
(suspicious) They haven't said anything to you, have they?
She invites me up at twelve oclock at night, for coffee, and I dont go up. No thank you. I dont want coffee. It keeps me up. Too late for me to drink coffee. I said this to her. People this stupid shouldnt be allowed to live. I cant imagine what she must think of me.
Well I I ..put a lot of thought into this and I think I would like you to sign a prenuptual agreement.
Ah, excuse me, Vice-president Coco, no one cares about your Gammy.
Hey, last night, I found a whole Weeble Village right behind the EZ Bake oven.
My car's totaled. It's all his fault and now, he has absolutely no money. There is no way that he can pay me. So the judge decrees that he becomes my butler.
Ha! (grabs his coat and exits the apartment)
Who am I going to tell? My mother? Like I've got nothing better to talk about.
Hey! (to Elaine, who doesn't look too cheerful)
Lot of good ones. I don't even want to mention anyone because I'm afraid I'm going to leave somebody out.
Are you kidding? People get spaces this good, they never give em up.
Y'know if the guy dies, the art could really be worth something...
Really, I was, I was only kidding around.
Oh, no, no...condoms are for single men. The day that we got engaged, I said goodbye to the condom forever.
Your boyfriend reads the Daily Worker? What is he? A communist?
Im aware of you. (to Jerry) All right, lets go (opens the bathroom door) Lets go!
Listen Jerry. With all due respect, Bania's voice is the voice of a new generation. My generation.
Sure. So, uh, Jerry, there's an empty apartment in my building. If you and Hallie want, we could try and hold it, may...
Jerry. Marla. (Realizing Jerry's cue) Stacey! (Walks over to Stacey)
I know they're in there, the three of them, laughing at me. Together, laughing and lying.
So, if Susan and I had... I mean, if the envelopes hadn't, uh... then we--
I'm very disappointed to here you talk like that. You still don't know what makes me tick.
I thought I saw him look in the mirror suspiciously.
That's really very nice of you, Eva. Thank you.
(shaking hands with Morty) Morty, always a pleasure.
I mean , when I said Hello did she say Hello back?
Do you hold the neck together with one hand, or are you just letting it flap in the breeze?
(improvising) My uh uncle is having an operation. I just wanted to see how he was.
You know. You use the, uh...(mutters something unintelligible under his breath.)
I can't believe I missed Kramer. You know he asked me to go with him to California.
Heh, haa. And that's no good. I've tried it straight, Jerry. We've all seen the results. For me, sick is the only way to go.
Wait, as a matter of fact, wasn't there some guy in your building that you said you liked? He lived up on the fifth floor or something.
A plane crash? A Heart attack? Lupus? Is it Lupus?
(through a mouthful of shrimp) Well, why don't we just put a monitor in his skybox?
Well, losing a loved is, uh...I mean, forget about it. (Starts wolfing down the sandwiches.)
Hey, do you know, Bonnie, I just had a pretty wild idea.
You disappoint me, my friend. Sandy wants nothing to do with you. She tells Laura, "If you want to waste your time with that pervert, that's your problem."
Yes, the surprise blindfold greeting. That wasnt in the manual, I dont know.
Really? My father has a ton of old clothes just sitting up in the attic, y-you think they're worth something?
(putting the car in reverse) Oh beautiful! Look at that, the dream space right in front of Jerry's building. Huh? Dreams can come true, what did I tell you?
Whatever. Believe me, if I wasn't involved right now, I wouldn't mind being set up. Something tells me she's a knockout. (we see, from the camera inside the cab, George's hand waving as the cab drives away)
Boy, she is nice. I like her, I like her Jerry. She's got substance. She oozes substance.
Yeah. Hey Jerry, listen to this. I discovered something even better than conjugal visit sex. Fugitive sex! Now, it's like everytime -
Oh, that's the worst part of it. He looks just like me.
What are you doing here, I though you were going to the airport.
And, Ill have a club soda with no ice.
Excuse me, uh I couldn't help but notice that you were looking in my direction.
Im starving. You got any of those free donuts you use to soften people up?
If you dont say anything I will assume its a plane crash.
That woman was unequivocally the worst date of my life.
I can't believe that you saw her before me.
Yeah. There's something wrong with that? I'm a character. People are always saying to me, "You know you're a quite a character."
(adamant) It's not cheating if there's no sex!
Uh, heading out. Jerry really hates to miss the coming attractions.
What, you're gonna pass up a wonderful opportunity to put that aloe pusher in her place?
Well I am. Couldn't you try to go through some of that stuff I put in your shoebox?
Yes, yes, I definitely waited. But let me say this Once he passes on that option, that 'God bless you' is up for grabs.
Because of me? You must be joking! Who wouldn't want to live because of me? I'm nothing!
I wouldn't hear of it, Todd. It's none of my business. But you should try to find out everything you possibly can. In fact, I'll even stay all the way on the other side of the room just so there's no chance of me overhearing anything.
Be careful, you're getting blood all over the car.
Cancer? Is it cancer? Do I have cancer?
I just feel terrible This is just terrible.
I thought he was just gonna have a muffin.
(Stuttering) I, I, I, .. here, let me - let me help you..
This woman left this really sexy message on Jerry's tape recorder......
" I'll always be a winner and you'll always be a loser." This is what he said to me.
(quiet, desperate) Maybe she can get me another picture of man-hands. (calling) Elaine!
Nothing really, you know...just eh, stroll around the cell blocks, maybe eh, take in a shower fight. (chuckles.) Hey eh, you know you got a bounced check hanging up in the little market over on Columbus?
To do what?! Work in a post office? Is that what you want me to do?
Do you think it would be better if I did?
That's a picture of me next to the coffin.
It - it's just that I'm here with my parents, and my mother wants me to take a civil service test - and to tell you the truth, I don't even think I'd pass it.. So..
What's he going to do? That's exactly the point. Nobody knows what this guy is capable of! He fires people like it is a bodily function.
(glances upwards) Yeah. Uhm, why did she die so young?
THIS is your daughter? My God! My God! I I hope you don't mind my saying. She is breathtaking.
All right, so are you ready, so we'll go out and get something to eat.
(tasting the wine) Excellent. Like I really know what I'm talking about.
I cant call her now. Its too soon. Im planning a Wednesday call.
Carrie, could you do me a favour? Could you not mention this to your mother?
There's no house! It's a lie! There's no solarium. There's no Prickly Pete. There's no other solarium.
Ah ha, Ah ha. You would, wouldn't you?
Oh they'll get out of the way. You really smell banana?
Well what if I told you I'm thinking of moving here?
And then assuming the strike is resolved, on April 14th, we, ah, play the Angels. So lets clear a floor at the Anaheim Hotel.
I noticed you eh, chose the eh "clowns with balloons" check design.
Hey, at least I was a camp waiter.
W--then I'm pretty much where I am now. At least I got to take a ride on a spaceship.
I hurt it in a hotel room. You know where they tuck the covers in real tight in those hotel rooms? I can't sleep like that so I tried to kick it out and I pulled it.
(Outraged. Leaving) Well, you just lost a lot of business! Because I love to read!
(agitated) He's lying, sir! I'm tired of all your macho head games!
So he walks out of the stall, he's been talking the whole time.
(energetically) "Well seems it's about time for George's lunch."
So who am I to be thinking about someone's nose? I mean, I should be grateful someone like her even looks at me. I have no job, nothing. But I have to say, I think about the nose. I don't want to think about the nose. I don't ask to think about the nose, but I think about it. I go to bed at night, I tell myself, 'Don't think about the nose, forget the nose,' but I think about it. I look at her, I see nose.
What, you're gonna take her word over mine? I'm your best friend!
Neeson? How are you comparing Liam Neeson with Jon Voight? Jerry, we're talking about Joe Buck. If you can play Joe Buck, Oskar Schindler's a cake walk. (Opens the car door for Jerry, Jerry's about to get in.)
You know, my arm feels a lot better. That Wendy really knows her stuff. (he writes out a cheque)
U-ok. (George closes the window and shoos Elaine off. He opens the door to Monica.) Here you go.
You've got to start seeing someone else. Get out of this relationship.
What come on? Have you ever dated a woman that worked in your office?
Yeah, yeah. Speaking of crazy, did you hear about Lloyd Braun?
No, you go Guggenheim. I'm not much of a Guggenheim.
Is-is that what I said 'no story'? Because Jerry had to tell me later.
(playing with toys) Ahhhh, Yes! Touch down! Your turn, Jerry. (hands Jerry the Mattel Football. George starts playing with the Etch-a-sketch.)
You're not letting him win. He wins till you're forty.
Oh, uh, "The Falconer" by John Cheever. It's really excellent.
Well, I still think you shoulda told me.
What idea? I just said something. I didn't know you were going to listen to me.
(Getting up, he addresses Jerry) All right, remember no rust-proofing. Commit to nothing. If you have to speak - mumble.
(into phone, frantic) Mister Dalrimple! Mister Dalrimple I have to talk to you!
No! No. It's not good, I don't think so.
The cabin.. (Laughs nervously) Well.. (Pauses as he thinks of a way to break the news, then decides to pass it off) Susan?
Hey Elaine? Put me down for some of that art. 1,900 dollars worth.
What did you put the Pez dispenser on her leg for in the first place?
(To Jane) You know, when I was a kid, I once found a dollar and fifty cents in change on the bottom of the pool.
(to Jerry) Why dont you just turn it inside out?
So what do you care what she thinks.
Well, I'm just expressing my gratitude to our gracious host.
(incredulity) Him you brainwashed! (angry shout) What's he got that I don't have?!
Well I think I'm better off going one-on-one.
What are you? A *baby*!? All right. Tell her.
All right, all right. KNOCK IT OFF. Come on, let's go.
(Annoyed) Yeah, yeah. We'll, uh, let you know.
Anyway there was all this tension. I asked her if she wanted to go out to dinner and she said "no, maybe we could get together for lunch." You know what that means.
I can't go anywhere, I have to wait here for Tatiana's call. Let me just check.
So, Elaine, are you going to sleep with me or what?!
Yea, ya..ya know I feel terrible about Joey but it's jus..it's a great business opportunity. I-I don't even know how long I'm gonna be away for.
What, ... you are making some wisecracks in a night club... wo wo wo. The guy was in game SIX two runs down two outs facing elimination.
(wiping the area with a hand) People think they're so important...
Oh, the nose job. I don't know, what did you think?
You think I should come clean? What d'you think, you think I Should confess?
I know but I couldn't think of anything else to say to her.
(removing his glasses) You know, Hawaii could be a little tricky right now, there's a lot of high pressure winds down there this time of year, there's a lot of debris constantly flying around. Wood, and uh, lava, pretty dangerous.
(quietly) ehh. (pausing to look at both of them) So what made you change your mind?
Well let me hear....( they struggle for the headphones)
Uh, yes, uh...you don't know me, my name is George Costanza...did you happen to rent Breakfast At Tiffany's?
Of course! Alright, maybe I'll say something to Buck.
What are you doing? You're making more than I am. A secretary cannot make more than her boss.
You gotta give us odds. At least two to one - you gotta put up two-hundred dollars.
Could I, uh, could I trade you for another dollar?
Was that wrong? Should I have not done that? I tell you I gotta plead ignorance on this thing because if anyone had said anything to me at all when I first started here that that sort of thing was frouned upon, you know, cause I've worked in a lot of offices and I tell you peope do that all the time.
What, you are comparing me to Biff Loman, very encouraging. The biggest loser in history of American literature.
You know what you should do? You should tell this guy you're seeing somebody else. That's the easiest way to get out of these things.
Well I didn't know you wanted to go to the flea market.
(While pointing at Jerry) Not me! Him! His fault! He betrayed me!
This is dating , you can't leave anything to chance.
Well, maybe she decided to celebrate her birthday on the Monday after the weekend.
This week. My father got a deal from a friend of his. It's Gore-Tex. You know about Gore-Tex?
I'll call a plumber right now! (Goes for the phone.)
Alright I happen to know what they did last night, they had dinner with Kramer.
(quietly) That's uh, for the two of us.
You see those tears streaming down you don't know what to do. It was like she was on fire and I was trying to put her out.
(he thinks a little about it... and as he puts his hand on his knee and gets up) I'm sorry Karen. I know I care for you, but I just can't stand when someone doesn't like me. (he opens the door)
(Smiling to himself) You don't have to worry about me. (Nodding, gloating) I won a contest.
I gotta stay one step ahead of Neil.
Look, I have my system. First I look for the dream spot right in front of the door, then I slowly expand out in concentric circles.
Oh yeeah.. well , Big smoker... I (coughs some more) gave it up for a while but it was too tough. Y' know.....I got no will power.
I was supposed to see her. She wasn't supposed to see me.
What kind of money you think your parents have?
Yes it is. She just took credit for my salad. That's not right.
Listen, maybe we shouldn't start writing today. I got a lot on my mind.
If anyone should be forced to leave that place, it should be her!
You know, Lloyd, I-I've been to the doctor (hands George the card) there's really nothing they can do.
Me Too! And he's Dying Jerry! If Relationship George walks through this door, he will Kill Independent George! A George, divided against itself, Cannot Stand!
Can I say one thing to you? And I say this with an unblemished record of staunch heterosexuality.
Alright, so I haven't put anything in it since sixth grade, I completely forgot about it. The State Controller's Office tracks me down. The interest has accumulated to 1,900 dollars. 1,900 dollars! They're sending me a cheque!
(to Jerry) It's all white Jerry! It's all white!
And that was wrong, Jerry! You simple must to apologize..
You don't work in the rain? Your a mailman."Neither rain nor sleet nor snow....."It's the first one.
Alright, well why don't we smooth the head down to nothing, stick a pumpkin under its arm and change the nameplate to Ichabod Crane?
So eh, you eh, wanna get together tomorrow?
[pause] Would I like to come up? I would love to come up. I, I'm fighting not to. Fighting! Unfortunately I uh have to get an early start tomorrow. Gotta' get up and hit that pavement
I was all primed for the first row; I was gonna put my feet up on the dugout!
It's just paper on a roll, that's it. And that's all it will ever be.
...meet the Mets. Come on in and greet the Mets.
I'm the opposite of every guy you've ever met.
Yeah, yeah, the flower guy. Listen, I know this all sounds a little crazy, but...
Well, I'm sorry, Timmy...but I don't dip that way. (takes a chip.)
I'm just happy to be working with your talented son...
Oh, please ... ... four dollars is f...
Alright, let's just examine the situation for a second. Who, in this situation, would be more likely to make a mistake? Me, who had access to my wallet, knew exactly what was in there? Or you--
Oh my God, I forgot to tell you. I got a letter today from the State Controller's Office. Y'know when I was going to public school back in Brooklyn, every week I used to put fifty cents in the Lincoln Savings Bank.
Now, each of you is here because you're the best at what you do.
I don't know, she lives right around the corner. You could take it here or go to the coffee shop.
Well, why don't *you* go, and I could save the seats. You said you didn't like saving anyway.
What is this? Did you ever get the feeling like you've had a haircut but you didn't have one? I'm all itchy back here.
Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas! (Co-worker gives a gift to George) Oh, Sandy! Here is a little something for you.. (hands her a card)
I just wanted to talk to him for a minute, but Ill come back.
(Takes a sip) Hey, it's not too bad..
I don't think so I know so, Kramer, come here I got to talk to you
I can't believe you're really going out with a woman named Lois.
All right. Don't change me. Susan. Don't change me. Ya know there are a lot of woman that would love to be in your position right now.
I don't know what the reason could be.
Someone's have to unhook the boat before it leaves...the place!
Yesterday, took the day off. (Picks up a red Power Ranger action figure from the model and pretends it's him.) Now, from the time I left the room...
What happens to charter tickets when you don't use em?
All I want is my seventy-five cents back, an apology, and for him to be fired!
Yeah, woman have no problem getting the hand off. How do they do that?
So I'm dressing and she's staring up at me, struggling to compute this unprecedented turn of events. I don't know what to say to reassure this woman, and worst of all, I don't have the time to say it. The only excuse she might possibly have accepted is if I told her I am in reality Batman, and I'm very sorry, I just saw the Bat-Signal. It took me 3 days of phone calls to get her to agree to see me again. Now she's waiting for me to call her, and she's
I know, I know...don't skimp. Go go go go...
(To Estelle) Scissor. (She gets the scissors from the coffee table and hands them to George with the point facing him) Don't hand them to me with the point facing out!
See, I knew it. I knew this was gonna happen...
Alright, now, how are we gonna monitor this thing?
Hey Deena, come on, give us a hug. (they hug) Oh my gosh, you look as pretty as you did back in high school.
'Just listen to the music of the traffic, in the city. Linger on the sidewalk, where the neon lights are pretty.' Where the neon lights are pretty. The Broadway area?
Na, he's gone. I wonder what happened to him.
(melancholy) I wish that was all needed. Life can be so confusing. I..I'm searching for answers, anywhere.
Well, you got no place to go. I'll tell you what your problem is You brought your queen out too fast. What do you think? She's one of these feminists looking to get out of the house? No, the queen is old fashioned. . Likes to stay home. Cook. Take care of her man. Make sure he feels good.
Cause I tell you, frankly, I would like to walk in hear one day and find you sitting down. (Starts to walk out of the store) That would give me a lot of pleasure. Call me crazy.
Hey! Did 'ya ever do that thing on the toes that I said .
They refuse to put cucumber in the salad. I need cucumber.
The point is, however it got done, it's done. So, any luck with the car?
I've been doing a lot of thinking. This might be my chance to start giving something back.
All right, I'll tell them my sister died. (Starts fake crying) My poor sister died. She was standing and then she was laughing and then they SHOT her! That's the kind of sick city that we're livin' in. They shoot you for laughing. I must go and comfort my poor family. Jerry, take me home so I can comfort my... my poor family.
And she loved me. Hoo, ho, she really did.
So she doesn't want to see me anymore.
Have to give him time on this hour.
Up again?! This is incredible! Im.. Im getting it.
Listen, sweetheart, let me tell you a little something about guts. (Points to his head.) This is guts.
(he walks casually to Tom, and taps his arm) Listen. I know we've had our problems in the past, but we got a show to do tonight. Time to pull together as a team. Life's too short. I say, let's let bygones be bygones. If you took the raisins, if you didn't take the raisins-- They weren't even my raisins. I was just curious because it seems like a strange to do to walk into a room, audition, and to walk out with a box of raisins. Anyway, whatever. If you ever want to tell me about it, the door to my office is always opened. In the event that I get an office. You'll come in, we'll talk about the raisins. We'll have a nice laugh.
I don't know, maybe a safe fell on her head.
Uhm...Id like to ask you...ask you to analyze a hypothetical phone call, you know, from a female point of view.
Listen, listen, dont get worked up, cause youre gonna know the whole story the minute she steps off the plane.
Yes, flowers. I will get her flowers, I will go to the florist!
Oh yeah.. (Starts to open it) Sally called Susan - said you guys really hit it off.
You would think that at the end of the week when they hand out the checks, throw in a few soaps.
I suppose I could just pull this out ( his tucked shirt)and walk around like this and you wouldn't care?
(hearing Elaine over the phone) What, she's out?
Oh, okay. (Starts to walk other way and then walks to their room and goes in)
Wow! Heh. (Half kidding) You don't, huh, have a replacement lined up for me, do ya? heh he he he he he...
You know what? I could probably do this. Whats the difference.
So do I, but I wouldn't hang it on a wall.
(trying to laugh it off) Right. C'mon! I'm having an affair with Elaine?! If I was having an affair with Elaine, I wouldn't tell you I'm going to see Elaine. I would make up some other person to tell you I was gonna go see, and then I would go see Ela..Elaine.
I know it may sound shocking. But, I just can't stop myself from... wanting you.
Hello, Ken. It's George Costanza. I think we need to talk.
(getting excited) That's, that's incredible. My Cousin Vinnie, I love her, she was fantastic!
I mean, now she thinks that I'm one of these guys that love her. Nobody wants to be with somebody that loves them.
Do you uh feel the way you feel after the Risotto?
All right, Puddy, listen, and listen good I need to know the name of that mechanic that walks around here. Big guy, a liar. Short name. Sam? Moe? Sol?!
Right. I don't have it on me. Allison, this is Susan. Susan, Allison.
(cheerful) Alright, there you go. She's gonna get the jacket back. (claps hands) So, let's go get some coffee, huh?
I don't know, she said she had to pick up a friend of hers at the airport. It cost me a hundred dollars this ticket.
*I* think that *you* think that a certain *something* is not all that it could be, when in fact it is is all that it *should* be, and *more*!
(gleeful) Hehee. W..we could be like the Gatsbys. Didn't they always like, you know, a bunch of people around, and they were all best friends?
Oh, what are you, like, a Quaker now?
(smiling) I'm on a winning ball club, Jerry. They probably wanna pick my brains.
(Very loud in the direction of a waiter) I'm gonna need a coffee here. Very hot! Boiling!
Alright, now you're gonna see some parallel parking. (spitting into his hands and rubbing them together) How I wish you could make a living parallel parking. (turning around in his seat) It's all geometry, knowing all the angles, when to make that first turn and then when to swing it back in, that's the key.
She comes out of the bathroom, I'm in up to my wrist. You should have seen the look on her face.
Jerry, can I talk to you for a second? (They enter Jerry's apartment)
"'Cause when he questioned me about it I was sweating from the Kom Pau.."
Well, they get very hot in the polyester. You know, it's not a natural fibre. I think they would prefer cotton.
Yeah, sure. (big smile) Then my father will have no place to sleep. (snaps fingers) He's gotta move out.
Alright, how's this? We wait till we get to your street corner, we see Elaine and Kramer then we get out. They can't shoot us in the city.
There's gotta be more to life than this. What gives you pleasure?
Were having lunch with a friend. He works in the building.
Ok uh, I guess I'll tell them that.
(not happy delivering Elaine's lie) Well, he uh, he wants to uh, quit the exporting and uh, focus just on the importing. And it's a problem, because she thinks the exporting is as important as the importing.
. . . I'm a little scared of her.
(claps hands triumphantly) We might have an 'it'!
Yeah, but nothing happens on the show. You see, it's just like life. You know, you eat, you go shopping, you read.. You eat, you read, You go shopping.
(to Jerry, yelling) You told her? She's not your wife!
Oh yeah the nipple. But besides that. How did you feel about Kramer's work?
I have to get in touch with Tatiana! And look at his little outfit. It's all so coordinated, the way his socks matching to his shirt. I really hate this guy.
They got a billion people over there and he found a relative.
Oh I got it. (TO JERRY) That I'm supposed to remember. Where the car is, that's insignificant.
You just checked your watch. Are you thinking of bailing on him?
Well I'm not starting up a whole new wardrobe now!!!
Whoa, look at this. This is a beautiful suit. Huh?
I show up. I pretend I have the job. The guy's on vacation. If I have the job, it's fine. If I don't have the job, by the time he comes back, I'm ensconced.
What a fascinating turn of events. (Waitress approaches)
You just gave them to him two days ago, he's gotta give you a grace period.
Im the judge and the jury, pal. And the verdict is guilty!
Let me be the architect! I can do it!
Why don't you just get some Ring Dings from the liquor store?
Its my money. What should I do? Throw it out the window? I know a guy who took his vacation on his change.
You don't listen when people talk to you anymore!
I think I'll have a piece of cake.
(clearing his throat, he changes his order for Susan) Baked, uh, potato.
We'll just take a check. (She leaves the check. George, in all his cheapness, can't help but to review the check. He finds an error) You made a mistake on the..
I knew this was gonna happen some day. It was inevitable. I've known it ever since I was a little kid. I've been waiting for it.
No No I'm working on a system...Who was that?
Yeah. Cotton breathes, you see, it's much softer. Imagine playing games and your team is five degrees cooler than the other team. Don't you think that would be an advantage? They're cooler, they're more comfortable...they're happier - they're gonna play better.
You should have somebody take a look at that.
Why? What's wrong with the subject? This is a bad subject?
How about the old Spider Man live action show?
Ah ha, well, I really wouldn't know about that. I don't watch much TV. I like to read. So what do you do, a lot of that "did you ever notice?" this kind of stuff.
This is a crude mock-up of the conference room. 1/14th scale.
You must be very proud Mr. Visaki. (shaking his hand) And may I say sir they're lovely girls, absolutely lovely girls. It's nice to see such fine upstanding women in gainful employment, Mr. Visaki.
My parents. It's their anniversary. I'm taking them out to dinner and a show tonight. You think we'll hit traffic?
Yeah, as a matter of fact, I did.
Dad, you really should lay off the 'serenity now' stuff.
Well, you know, I was thinking about what you said before, and...you're right, I've never really been a couple, so...if that's the rule, then I'm gonna go by the rule.
(to Jerry, sarcastically) Yeah, doctor. Im going to have to wait in that little room all by myself, arent I? (He picks up a crossword puzzle.) I better take this. I hate the little room. (George walks into the hallway that leads to the doctors office.) Oh, hello, Doctor.
You know Elaine, I'd do it but I'm working that day.
O.k....(is about to explain. Cut to Jerry on-stage.)
So, they go off for the ride, by the time they come back the bread is there.
Hey, so get this. I get a call this morning from one of the Mets front office guys. They wanna take me out to lunch.
It's "Guys And *Dolls*", not "Guys And *Guys*".
Like a "Hey your mother is uglier than Hazel. Hazel really puts your mother to shame"
(Shocked) She's pregnant? Leslie is pregnant?! Oh, see, there is no justice.
Fabulous, I'll think about that George, thank you!
Hid? I have no idea how this suit got misplaced. Nevertheless, I do believe I shall purchase it.
Are there terrorists on the plane? A hotel fire. Is that it? Malaria? Yellow fever? Lupus? Is it Lupus?
Take toilet paper for example. Do you realize that toilet paper has not changed in my lifetime? It's just paper on a cardboard roll, that's it. And in ten thousand years, it will still be exactly the same because really, what else can they do?
Yeah, well...a little rough finding something good in your price-range. (to Jerry) But you, my friend, may be in luck.
So, I am have to going to break up with you.
(back-pedalling) No, he, he didnt actually tell me that, uh, we were talking about that commercial  in fact I think I brought it up because I like that commercial. No, he, he would never tell me anything. He never discusses anything. Hes, hes like a clam. Youre not gonna mention this, to him...
I got a message from the Rosses at work today.
I've been standing here for the last ten minutes!
You know that coat was Gore-Tex. Its worth a hell of a lot more than that, cheap Chardonnay.
I cant stand doing laundry. Thats why I have forty pairs of underwear.
I wonder if, ah, Susan ... (picks up the phone from the coffee table, then decides not to call) No. I better just go. (claps hands) heh. All right! See ya. (grabs his rain coat from the hook by the door and rushes out)
It's standard. Has she left you one of those messages where she uses up the whole machine?
What do you mean Wednesday? I though we had tickets to the Knick game Wednesday. We got seats behind the bench! What happened? Were not going?
(George is telling a story. Karen is laughing and she seems to be the only one to find him funny) So I go into this clothing store and the saleswoman is wearing this (whistling) low cut thing. So I said to her "Can I ask you a question? When you put on a top like that, what's your tought process? What's going on in your mind?"
Yes. And listen to this, listen to this; her uncle works for the Yankees and he's gonna get me a job interview. A front office kind of thing. Assistant to the traveling secretary. A job with the New York Yankees! This has been the dream of my life ever since I was a child, and it's all happening because I'm completely ignoring every urge towards common sense and good judgment I have had. This is no longer just some crazy notion. Elaine, Jerry, this is my religion.
Don't go. Kramer! Come back. I got great news. Well, I did it.
Hi, I was just uh... I just had one little question about uh, my assignment.
Oh, he'll be here. By the way, Elaine, (reaches under the table and brings out a large coffee machine) thank you for laying out for the Arabian mocha java.
(Muttering to himself as he walks to the bedroom) More stuff..
Ow! .. Ow! I give, I give! Uncle!
Im starving! I can feel my stomach sucking up against my spine.
Alrighty, so. That's one tuck and one no-tuck. Got that?
They all have swirling chocolate in the commercial!
I have to say, as a glasses wearer I take exception to that. That's like me buying a wheelchair to cruise around in.
I think they really went for that Soda.
Whoa, whoa, you're not getting in my car with gummy shoes.
Watch the arm! Tim, listen, we don't want to bother you, we know you're busy here.
Well, I don't see how I'm gonna make December. I mean, I need a little more time. I mean, look at me I'm a nervous wreck. My stomach aches. My neck is killing me. I can't turn. Look. Look.
Hey I get a free trip to Paris, I go in the Big Brother's Hall-of-Fame, I mail my own postcards.
