Your grandmother's on a very fixed income. What, are you broke?
No. I am going to ask him about my eyebrows.
You got married? I wasn't invited? Nobody sends me an invitation?
Look at this, I told them medium rare, it's medium.
It's about time you called your uncle. We've got to do this once a week.
Hell do in Riverside what he did in Central Park. More money. So, thats your cousin.
She can't do that, she's on a very fixed income! Stop the show!!
Are you ashamed of your uncle? Do I embarrass you?
So, so, now the parks commissioner is recommending Jeffrey for a citation.
Jerry, you wanna hear something? Your cousin, Jeffrey, is switching parks. Theyre transferring him to Riverside - so hell completely revamp that operation, you understand?
I'm supposed to tape this nature show for him, he loves nature. Botany, zoology. You know his botany teacher from college stays in close touch with him? They became friends!
Believe me, I thought about it. But she is so perfect in every way, I can't see a flaw.
Last week you told me I was in my prime, I should be swinging.
Oh He wants it. He's just trying to be funny. Yeah I'll sign it .
That's pretty rare! I mean, actual friends! Like equals! They have dinner together, they have discussions...
I wanted to tell you that your grandmother is fine.
Oh uh, he asked me to give you a message. He said that uh he's very sorry and uh he hopes you'll forgive 'em.
Chemical?! She hasn't used that account since her branch closed. What are you doing cashing her checks anyway?
I remember your 'V.' It was like a perfect triangle. Whoa, there's my bus! (Rushes out.) Hello! Wait!
Listen, I don't want to alarm you, but your nana is missing.
Who told you when you went to school that you print well?
Thats exactly right. He knows the whole history of the park. For two hours hes talking and answering questions. But you want to know something? Whenever he has a problem with one of these high-powered big shots in the Parks Department, you know who he calls?
What are you talking about? All he meant was that he was sorry that the seats aren't very good.
Why didn't you tell me you were a little short? Here. If anybody asks you where you got it, you don't know.
When he was younger, he had a beautiful penmanship. I used to encourage him to print.
I came to pick her up for a doctor's appointment, she wasn't here. I called the doctor, nobody knows where she is. She hasn't left the apartment in twenty-five years!
She's had quite a day but she's gonna watch you tonight on the TV.
