Pull up next to them. The fight is on!

All right, folks. I wanna thank you for all your efforts. Three days is a long time, but we've got to keep going if we're gonna find him.

That's definitely a Japanese boat.  Looks like they're whaling now. 

Well no, that'd be illegal.

You with the gun, step out or we will fire upon you.

I say we need to move the search to ducts, wells, and bomb shelters. Let's move out, people! Every second counts! 

Are we badasses?

Got who?

You know what? He's right. It's time to bring out the big guns! You guys ready?  Ready? And... throw the stinky butter at them! 

All right, folks, this is the little boy we're looking for:  Leopold Stotch, also known as Butters. He's been missing for two days and was last seen at the school. Let's go find him.

Alright what the hell is going on here?!

We're going to search everyone and get statements! And the-

Two hundred years we've waited. Finally. We will get those traitors to the Crown!  Yes, Your Majesty?

Full sail, Your Majesty?

Many times in cases like these a child can trap themselves. It is important that we spread our search to duct pipes, wells, and bomb shelters. 

Wait, wait wait. I've got a better idea. How about I pretend to be shot? Then we can tell the media the Japanese shot me, a-and start an international c-crisis?

Go inside! Move! 

All right, kid! End of the line!

Are we ready to do this?

Hello, ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. If you look out the right side of the aircraft you can see some interesting shit.  And over on the left side, there's some interesting shit, too.  Well, we should be arriving in Los Angeles in about two hours. Until then we invite you to sit back, relax, and enjoy our shitty service. 

Fire. 

You people just don't give up, do ya?

All right men, come on. We're going in.

The Rebel Americans know of our attack?!

Hohhh, they got them.

Are we badasses?

Stall them. I don't want that plane landing anywhere until we know what the hell we're dealing with!

Fire at will! 

Why not?

Everyone just stay where you are until we can sort this all out.

Baka! Kora wa sugoi cheating desu! 

Well kid, you made an entire town panic, you lost all your friends, and now you're going to Juvenile Hall for a week! Huh, was it worth it?

God damn it.

We are. People think our methods are extreme. But we'll keep making their boats stink as long as they're killing whales and dolphins!

Your Majesty, the attack has failed. We were... unable to end the American Revolution.

Yeah, we make 'em stink. Haha your boat is stinky! Here, th- here, throw one.

