In the year 1999.

Sir, if making mutant animals spliced with humans is crazy…then…uhhhhh…hmmm…oh, nevermind.  I'm afraid there's been a bit of an incident at the ranch.  You see, I've created a large mutant clone of that little boy there, and he's broken free.

What? No!  We're the North American Marlon Brando Look-Alikes. 

What?

What's going on? 

Oh. As I said before, the father is somebody in this room. The father is... Mrs. Cartman. 

Oh, pardon me, I tripped.  Could I have some hair please?

Oh. Never mind.

You know, to provide food for the needy.

Oh. As I said before, the father is somebody in this room. The father is... John Elway. 

And over here, Swiss cheese spliced with chalk, and a beard.

Mayor, we've got a very big problem.

And here, of course, is my four assed ostrich.  And my four assed mongoose.

Can I help you? 

But all those poor turkeys, theh- they're all dead.

The father of Eric Cartman is indeed, someone in this room. The father is-- 

Very interesting.

He's been frozen for the last 32 months.

No, what did you say? Uh, use him for what?

Is it him?

Somehow I don't think you're taking me seriously.

Me friend. Friieend. Me friend. Ma-phes-to. Mah-phehs-to.

Hello, NAMBLA members. As the South Park representative- 

At my laboratory. We can do DNA genetic testing. I'll take some of your blood along with the blood of everyone here, and we can determine who your father is.

Well, that's that. Thank you all for playing.

We have to stop them or, or they could destroy everything. Time is short.

Yes. Kevin and I designed a habitat for Steve to live in that is completely like his own world. Everything is 1996-oriented. 

Ugh? What's this?

How would we do that?

Look here in my microscope; tell me what you see.

Diindoon - pig and elephant DNA just won't splice!  Although, maybe I could help you add a few asses to that swine of yours.

Sure. 

What children?

Precisely, but look how rapidly it's dividing.

He's too dangerous son.

Fixed! Fixed! That was supposed to be my award, Kevin. I'll get him for this. Mark my words.

Yes, yes, that's... very funny, Jakov.  I... will need to examine Hope once more to see if the process worked. 

Nono, we've got to think this through.  Mayor, this man has not been conscious for almost three years. He won't understand what he sees! He'll be frightened and confused!

Boys! Boys, I'm lusciously sorry for everything.

Come on, Steve. We've got work to do.  Unfreezing this body will be quite delicate work. We'll have to use the most advanced methods available.

I tried to tell you, but you didn't listen.

Yes, and I need you to communicate with him. See if you can understand what he's saying. 

No! No, this can't be!

I'm glad that you could all come. I can finally reveal who the father of Eric Cartman is. But first, I want to thank Kenny McCormick for sacrificing his life--

No, no, I said odd.

He can't function out here in our time!

Ah! Here we see the ice man trying to gain Internet access on the computer. The Internet was still not very big in his time, so the Web frightens and confuses him.  It's okay, he can't hurt you.  It's one-way glass: he can't even see us.  And now the ice man watches television. 

What??

My God, what have we done?

Mayor, I think the boys may have stumbled onto something here. You see, Mayor, frozen links are often found: dinosaur eggs, woolly mammoths. This specimen could be a missing link  in our evolution. If I can unfreeze the body, and perform an autopsy, I could learn much about this creature's people and its time.

Ohh. I'm sure it was my brother again. He tries to shoot me every month.

This is very exciting. He could be a Neanderthal. Or an Australopithecus from the Paleolithic era.  Do you see that, Kevin? These clothes are from Eddie Bauer. I haven't seen anybody wear clothes from Eddie Bauer since... 1996!  This is incredible! Think of all we can learn from this body! All that it can teach us! Let's just hope the press doesn't get wind of this right away. 

Wait. This could be dangerous.

They act just like normal turkeys, except they're evil.

Well, something went wrong and the turkeys broke free. And the worst part is, they're REALLY pissed off.

Yes. It took quite a while for me to understand as well. You see, Mrs. Cartman is a hermaphrodite. 

You're, you're hungry?

Tell him, tell him he's... home.

Three thousand should cover it.

An ice man, a man from the past. We must find him. Now, where is he?!

All I ever wanted was to genetically engineer something useful, but I failed.  Perhaps we shouldn't be toying with God's creations.  Perhaps we should just leave nature alone, to its simple one assed schematics.

That's right.

Steve it is.

He's fine, boys. And we're learning so much from him.

Does he always do this?

Oh.  Well I'm sorry children, but, pig and elephant DNA just won't splice.  Haven't you ever heard that song by 'Loverboy'?

Hawgh! If we could understand what he's saying, then maybe we could get some answers.  If only there was someone who could communicate with him on a level as primitive as his own, a mind like... a child.

What? You're, you're hungry?

And we found you-

Yes, well, Kevin has done a lot of work in figuring out just how related to us Steve really is. He came up with this drawing: 

Oh? Where are you gents from?

Gentlemen, the father is... 

Oh my God!  He only has one ass.  He's of no use to me, I'll have to burn the room.  Oh no, this entire expriment is turning out very bad.

That's not important right now.

All right, all right, all-

I think that's enough for today. 

Erhum ehrum uh  The father of Eric Cartman is indeed, someone in this room. The father is-

How luscious.  Our creature has come to fruition, boys.

As you can see, the ice man is listening to Ace of Base, which was a very popular group during his era, and primitive drumming soothed his people's tempers. 

We need more than that! They'll only come back in increased numbers!

We've got to stop it!

Yes.

Well, there's not a lot to see, but... Come in.  He's still not responding much to us; the shock is still settling in,  but we've made great progress now that he's in the habitat.

Oh, whoops.  Now tell me what you see.

My God, he really is alive. The ice must have preserved him!

That's it, Kevin. Now we can begin the autopsy.

Yes! Yes, I think it worked!  You are going to be parents!

What?!

We have to find him! He won't survive long out in the world!

Yes, of course! I mean, that much testing will cost a pretty penny but...

Oh my God. It looks as if he's about to speak!

Oh thank Buddha I found you boys.  You must tell me, have you seen anything odd lately?

No son, this beast is a disgrace to genetic engineers everywhere.  Boys, I'm sorry I've caused you such - inconvenience.  I tried to play God, and I failed. 

I have no idea!

As horrible as they were theh- they felt like a part of me. Perhaps I shouldn't be toying with God's creations, perhaps I should-

What'd he say?

No! Come back! You can't get out! You'll never live!

You know, it's amazing what we can do with a little blood sample these days. 

Meaning that she has both male and female genitals.

Ladies and gentlemen, we still have a lot of work to do.  But it is my opinion that this man has been frozen in time for over 32 months!  Yes, it's true, although at this early stage we know very little about this man or the time from which he comes.

He has to be around here somewhere. 

He's gone! The ice man has broken out!

All right, all right, calm down.

Thank you. Now, let's go get those other NAMBLA bastards before they hurt any of South Park's children!

Thank you, Mayor. Oh, and boys, I, I can't give you a reward for finding this creature, but if you'd like, I'll let you name him.

The same.

Steeve. Steeeve. Steeeve.  Oh good, you're here.

Alright, Marlon Brandos, they've got to be here somewhere. Let's try this room. 

Have you seen a man who looks similar to us, but with a thicker brow and an apish nose?

Steve. You-

No no, not exactly. But she did have a penis.  The fact of the matter is, hermaphrodites cannot bear children, so Mrs. Cartman's DNA match with Eric can only mean that she is his father, and she got another woman pregnant at the Drunken Barn Dance.

Brilliant idea, huge elephant-sized pigs.

They're increasing in number mayor. These are the vicious turkeys I warned you about.

No! You've got the wrong NAMBLA again!

Alright alright. The father of Eric Cartman is... Say, did anybody see that Terrance and Phillip special last month? Wasn't that just the funniest thing--

Wait, wait.  I know a way to find out. 

Was the ice man here?

Where... where am I?

Means the turkeys are growing at an exponential rate. If we don't destroy them all, they'll take over the town. Maybe the world.

I think the boys went in here. 

And now, to continue, the father is indeed someone in this room.

He must have used this... door 

The test results are in this envelope.  Shall I... open it?

All right. From everyone's accounts, I've narrowed down Eric's possible father... to the people in this room: Officer Barbrady, Chef , Jimbo , Mr. Garrison , Ned, Chief Running Water, Gerald Broflovski , myself, my friend Kevin , or, the 1989 Denver Broncos.

Son, no.  Oh son, you've made a horrible mistake.  You've put all the people of South Park in jeopardy.

It's thanks to the wonders of genetic engineering that soon there will be an end to hunger, disease, pollution, even war.  I have created things that will change the world for the better.  For instance, here is a monkey with four asses.

Yes, and I may have made a horrible mistake. I was trying to genetically engineer turkeys for Thanksgiving.

