I can't die!

These people still meet? Where?

I don't know, but I think we'd better find out.

No! This is what superheroes do!  You banished me but I'm back! What does that make me?!  Bring back my friends! Take me!

There must be clubs like this all over the world.

I don't know, but... I feel like... I've... been here before. 

My God! Another oil spill could mean absolute devastation for the Gulf!

Only an immortal can kill another immortal!  Here's your prize! Take this curse away from me, you big pussy!

What are you doing with that thing?!

You are not alone. No matter where you go, no matter what you do, I will always be here! Do you understand?

Well you don't! I die over. And over! Only to wake up in my bed like nothing happened!

Ten years ago you were arrested for being in some kind of cult.

Pretty cool?! Do you know what it feels like to be stabbed?! To be shot?! Decapitated?! Torn apart?! Burned?! Run over?!

Hello Kyle.

There's some graffiti on the bridge again. I think those sixth grade kids are doing it. And the guy at the movie theater is harassing Mexicans again.

I am Mysterion. Though only nine years old, I dedicate my life to helping people - when I'm not in school.  For months now I've been protecting my town from crime. But now, something has happened that even I cannot fight alone.  The BP Oil Company has drilled and caused a spill in the Gulf like no other. The President of BP apologized.

I said it's fine! Just go! 

For you! You're making it a better place for you!

I cannot stand here and make idle conversation any longer. The city needs my help. There are innocents to protect. 

You think your power's a curse?! Let me tell you something about curses, buttlicker!  Because there's some superpowers that make yours look like nothing! Trust me, I know.

Wherever Cthulhu is!

So these people have been waiting for Cthulhu a long time.

Sometimes, people do stupid things. Sometimes they don't realize what should have come first. Until it's too late.

No! Come back! I have to know what I am! Come back!

No, it's true. As long as my identity is a mystery, this will just happen again and again. It has to end. I will show my face. 

What happened at those meetings?

You are going to be okay, Karen! You have to keep believing that!

You guys go! I'll deal with this prick!

Who cares if a hero doesn't want to be part of Coon and Friends?

I'm going to try to get you all out of here. If this works. Or, I could be wrong. 

Then do it!  Pull the trigger, Hindsight! If you don't believe us then you don't have a choice! Pull the trigger, you pussy!

Go on! Kill me before I kill you! But bring my friends back, wuss!

I cannot be unmasked, for then I would stop being a symbol. I need help. Somebody who can do background checks for me, do some investigating.

What does it mean? "That is not dead which can eternal lie"?

Creatures from that dimension are now wreaking havoc in the Gulf. BP tried to solve the problem by drilling on the moon, but instead they caused the dark lord Cthulhu to emerge.

You are the bad guy, fat boy! YOU!

Please sir, put down the gun.

Alright, you guys hide as long as you can. I'll try and find help. 

That god you pray to just took away all my friends.

Will you guys listen to me?! I actually have a power that I actually want to know about!

I'm not here about that.

Ow! That fucking HURTS! 

To the sunken city of R'Lyeh fallen from the stars!  You little fucking prick! What is wrong with you?! What kind of sick fuck does that to his friends?!

Because I think you are the smartest kid in class. 

How do I fight him?!

You guys have no memory of me shooting myself in the head, do you?

What we need to do is talk to people in that cult! I wanna know where my powers come from.

He means we need to discuss things with you!

Hindsight, that isn't Courtney Love! Our former member, the Coon, tricked you!

Makes sense. Unrelenting despair and a thousand years of darkness sounds pretty goth.

Uhh, what?  What the fuck?! I m-I mean,  Uh, I mean, what the fuck?! 

Whoever did this to our base was looking for something.

What should I do?  Should I forget about the past and not care about my powers?

Because it pisses Cartman off beyond belief, and I find that  extremely funny.

Please escort the Coon out of our secret base.

Maybe I should just... disappear.

Yeah. I'm tired, guys. I think I'm gonna go to bed. 

What does it mean?!

Come back, you fat piece of shit! 

No, Stan, I'm being serious! I really, really can't die!

Do not be afraid. I mean you no harm.

Not Cartman.

And what about Cthulhu's power? Why can't Old Ones die?

Don't try, Karen. Do. 

Mysterion. What is the Cult of Cthulhu?! 

How about you find another little girl to pick on?

You're going to tell me everything you know!

Yes. But now I believe someone is trying to learn my true identity.

All the time! I die all the time! And you assholes NEVER REMEMBER!

Kyle hates Eric Cartman. Are you saying you're Eric Cartman?

You don't understand!

We all have a say in this organization, Coon! Let Mosquito talk!

We believe that every little bit helps.

People need you, Hindsight!  Without you they feel helpless and stupid.

Thank you, ma'am.

I knew there'd be no point in telling you guys.

Mysterion!

One Ones?

I might be Craig, and then again I might not be. My identity must remain a secret. You cannot know.

Aw, I don't wanna tell him. TupperWear, you tell him!

We've already discussed this with her. Mrs. Cartman? 

But they drilled again, and tore open a portal into another dimension.

This city needs my help. It cries for protection and I will-

Chaos! Why did you take those pictures?!

It's not pretty cool, Kyle! It fuckin' hurts! And it won't go away, and nobody will believe me!  Remember this time! Try and fuckin' remember! 

I'm fine.

Tell me what that means! 

What next time?

I can't die.  I've experienced death, countless times. Sometimes I see a bright light. Sometimes I see heaven. Or hell. But eventually, no matter what, I wake up in my bed, wearing my same old clothes.  And the worst part? Nobody even remembers me dying. I go to school the next day, and everyone is just like, "Oh hey Kenny." Even if they had seen me get decapitated with their own eyes.  You wanna whine about curses, Hindsight? You're talking to the wrong fucking cowboy.

Agreed.

Karen McCormick is off limits! Do you understand?! Make sure everybody in this school knows! 

But we get the headquarters and all the equipment.

I don't have time for this.  Fireworks are illegal in Colorado, you asshole!  Hey, he's got fireworks!

I have joined forces with other superheroes in my neighborhood to help save the Gulf. But even the other heroes do not know that unlike them, I do have a power. A power they will now begin to understand. And all will know who and what I truly am! 

I could no longer sit by and watch as my city became a cesspool of crime.  I have lived in South Park all my life. I decided it was up to me to keep this town safe.  Nobody at school knows my double life. To them, I'm just another fourth grader. But tonight, I am Mysterion. 

Maybe, but with any luck I might find the reason for my powers.

