Never seen you around here, friend. Might you be from up North?
'Scuse me, is this the right road to Breckenridge.
We just spent our first semester at college. Our professors opened our eyes. The government is using its corporate ties to make you sell magazines so they can get rich.
Aw... Aw yeah. Oh man oh... Ohh! Aw-aw-AWWW-aw. AW-aw. Oh, s-sorry I was so quick.
There there now, let's just get you back home, shall we?
Oh Jesus, there's a little boy on the track. 
What?! What is it, please?! Hurry, my husband might still be alive!
Would you like a ride into town? I'm on my way to Master Thomas Jefferson's hosue to get a very important document, I am.
Can I interest you in some ice cream?
Well, so my idea was this: Let's have like a week long music festival, draw everyone here, and then together, we can tear it all down.  Whoa, what the hell?! 
You kids just haven't been to college yet. But just you wait, this thing is about to get HUGE.
Hey! They just found the cure for AIDS! You just have to inject yourself with all your cash! Woohoo!
Glad I picked you up, kid. It's dangerous for someone your age to be hitchhikin'
Oh wow, you guys shouldn't be doing that. Don't you know what you're doing to the world?
Yeah? Well my job is to tow this bike. You want it back? You talk to the county. 
Hey, wait a minute. You're just a kid!
Sorry. Only the official messenger boy is allowed to talk to Mister Jefferson
Thar look Skeeter! That's that guy from the TV!
Come on, Skeeter.  These "nigger" guys ain't worth our trouble.
Yeah. You like making fun of minorities, "nigger" guy? Huh we don't take kindly to social ignorance.
I haven't had the time to thank you, for doing what you've d- 
Well what is this? A "nigger" guy convention? 
Ow! Oo-uhow! Ow! Hey, man, what are you doing?! Ow, stop it!
Haha, very funny, kid. Sit down and stop playing games.
Bentonville, Arkansas. That's where Wall-Mart started, that's where all the bigwigs are. 
Sorry kid, we've got orders from corporate headquarters.
It's pronounced "hoarder," young man, and if you are you should talk to the school counselor about it! 
Here we are, then. The current residence of Master Thomas Jefferson.
You see, the corporations take their profits and invest it in the war machine while keeping everyone blind.
Well, hopefully spending some time with you, gorgeous. Is $20 enough?
We are now entering Ensenada, the second largest city on the Mexican Baja Peninsula.  We have now traveled over 2000 miles since leaving New York City. We'll just be stopping here for a few moments for gas, and then our tour will continue onto its final destination. 
Yeah, I like to be a part of the solution and not part of the problem. Well, anyway,  good for you!
Alrighty, do you want this kind or this kind? 
Wow, my friend Brittany was right. This is a really laid-back place.
Just hang with us for a bit. We'll fill you in on everything you haven't been told. 
Wow, this band is so crunchy. Dude, I need more weed.
Here we are, the end of the road. Alamosa Maximum Security Juvenile Hall.
Oh, goodness! We must have run over a little Mexican further up north. Is it okay? 
It's on the impound list. You owe the county for tickets. 
Michael Richards? Huh well, son of a bitch!
You're gonna have to talk to the higher-ups.
Well, well, what are doing out here?  You shouldn't be out walking the streets. 
No, the plane crashed. We're in the Colorado mountains somewhere.  Matt? Matt?!  My husband. He said the outbreak was all over the news, but everything was totally fine where he was.
We have to kill him, before he infects everyone else!
You didn't like The Passion? But it shows how Christ suffered for you. Mel Gibson is a very spiritual man. 
