Here, look at this one. Sick sonofabitch! Here's one right here.

And in other world news, the leader of Japan today is calling for an increase in military spending.

There's more little-league baseball for South Park! Yehheah! 

Okay, because I do understand that the jelly school in Aurora is ready to take you in. Is that right, Rick?

Well, I'm sure a real person will show up soon.

Aw, no way!! 

You can't go out there! You'll freeze to death!

Yeah. Good thing they have those big eyes so that they don't have to rery on that amazing American interrect. 

Oh my God, what are we gonna do?

Yes sir.  We built a portal to the imagination to use against the Russians during the Cold War, but we never got a-

Ohh, I'm sorry sir.

Yes? Well, that's to be expected. We did some major reconstruction, sawed through some bone, ssnapped some cartilage...

Once again, a cartoon depicting the Muslim prophet Mohammad is set to air tonight on Family Guy!

The operation is over, Mr. Garrison.

Huh, it's so cold here.

What was second prize again?

Ooh, good idea. Let's. 

Yeah, it was left on our answering machine. All it said was that they saw the Mexican staring frog just south of Stark's Pond this morning.

Nine-year-old Wendy Testaburger has started a campaign, and tomorrow will speak before the state senate to ban the use of Photoshopped images, saying they're harmful to young girls.  Young lady, what is your message?

I'm here live in South Park, Colorado, where citizens from Los Angeles are arriving in droves for the town's first annual film festival. This is just a small quiet mountain community where nothing out of the ordinary ever really happens,  except for the occasional complete destruction of the entire town  and so the excitement level is naturally very high. Right now, the townspeople are anxiously awaiting the arrival of some of Hollywood's top celebrities. 

'Cause sometimes, girls who aren't well-liked, you know, lash out at pretty and popular girls. Are, are you well-liked at your school?

Uh huh, and what aspect of it do you think is most gay?

That's right, Chris. This newest study shows that the majority of child abductions are NOT committed by strangers, but by somebody the child knows in their own town.  The report further states that it is because the child trusts the individual that problems occur in the first place.

...And the President responded to the incident by saying, quote, "Screw those Commie bastards, and screw their little wussy space station."  In other news, a pink eye epidemic is now sweeping the town of South Park. Here with a live report is a midget wearing a bikini.

Sir? Are you sure about this?

Mr. Garrison. Mr. Garrison.

Good night, Jerry.

Alright-y then.  Now I must warn you, Mr. Garrison, that there are risks. You could wind up a hideous, foul shadow of a creature, so terrifyingly ugly that you're forced to live in the sewers, only emerging at nighttime for scraps of food.

It appears that more and more South Park residents are discovering the wonder and joy of the planetarium. Here with a special report is a 34-year old Asian man who looks strikingly similar to Ricardo Montalban.

In other news, South Park police are still looking for a craaazy man who terrorized the town one hour ago.  The man claimed to be from the future and ran naked through the city streets screaming "The past! The past! Oh my God, it's the past!" Which is what one would expect someone in the future to yell. 

Helen, no!

Thanks, Creamy. Police are advising all citizens to stay indoors, not breathe the ashen air, and not ever light any giant snakes in the near future.

Global warming must be over!

In other news tonight, it the Internet video that has already seen over ten million views. A young confused-looking boy dancing and singing a song called "What What (In My Asshole)".

Let me handle this!  I'm sorry, but there is no such thing as Project Imagination Doorway!  Imagination Doorway. It was started in the Sixties as a secret government project. Right.

Yeah. Everyone already knows I dress better than Randy.

Of course, we could narrow the bridge, which would make you look more like this .

Alrighty then, let's get started! 

In a shocking turn of events, it now appears that thousands of people from Denmark are flooding into the United States with hopes of taking the place of the striking Canadians.

Take a look for yourself. 

Yes. I think once the swelling goes down you'll really notice the difference.

At first, nobody knew what caused the dam to break, but now, shocking new evidence has indicated that the flood in Beaverton was caused by... global warming!  It now appears that... all rumors of global warming were true. We were warned this would happen and ...we didn't listen!  We didn't listen!  All the top Colorado geologists have gathered at the governor's office for an emergency meeting.

Uh huh. But you're not being jelly?

Oh, anywhere would be great!

Ooooh, you'd better not say that! You'll go to hell!

Here's one. And here's another.

Yeah, and at least we've got our health. 

You look great!

Ladies and gentlemen, TV's Fred Savage. 

I'm sorry, Mr. Garrison. Why don't you get some rest ; I'll check on you a little later. 

Now, Mary, you promised me we'd try to have a good time.

Oh well, let's try to make the best of it, Mary.

...And all over America, kids are turning to the streets and running away. Tonight, a very special message from the parents of some runaway children, in hopes that their young will hear their cries.

Right. What about the war?

Oh oh!  Oh, it's you.

Dude, that is-a not cool! You're gonna get us into trouble again.

...all the blood and mucus just the sound of bone and sinew coming apart. 

You were in 'Nam? Where were you stationed?

Okay, only a few more bandages to go.

Whoa, shit!

Niles Lawson is on the scene, and Niles, what are you hearing?

Niles Lawson is at the scene, and it's about time, Niles.

Man, I was in Tet. We had a bad-ass roller coaster, but... all we ever wanted was a log ride. We waited and we waited, but... they never built us one. I think..Danforth wanted the log ride more than anybody, but he... he had to settle with that lame dinosaur water adventure ride.

Ah, I don't know. What?

Ah, okay.  Hey, I really, really want that. That looks good. 

Now, we could go with something a little smaller, which would make you look like this 

Yeah, and they detract from real things, like Jesus.

Now, Mary, this is our only vacation for years. We have to make the best of it.

And you're not just... being a hater.

Boys, what do you think the Founding Fathers would say?

Hey, you wanna hear my impersonation of American?

Oh. Oh wait wait, I know this. 

That's a zinger!

I mean, you do have the fashion sense of a Japanese woman.

Or we could straighten out the bridge, which would make you look like this .

You shouldn't be embarrassed, Mr. Garrison. People have cosmetic surgery all the time. Before we start, this computer can help you pick what kind of nose you want. 

Sure does, Tom.

Thanks, Chris. In other news, the FBI has finally caught the child molester known as Mr. Slippyfist.  This sick child molester was found with disturbing graphic photos of young boys naked, which we will show you now.

Our job is to report the news, not make it more violent!

And finally tonight, a new development in the Canada strike. For those of you who don't remember or don't care, Canada has been striking for more money. 

My God, you've, you've actually seen people looting, raping and eating each other?

The news has already sparked a shockwave of protests throughout the Muslim world.  All over the Middle East, Muslims are burning American flags and Family Guy posters. Muslim terrorist al-Zawahri made this statement:

You don't... like us being metrosexual?

It appears that the horrible, destructive creature is actually eight-year old Stan Marsh of South Park.  When asked why he was wreaking so much havoc on his home town, the little boy replies simply, "Me Stan, ba-chomp, ba-chewy-chomp, ba-chewy-chomp.  Back to you in the studio.

Aw jeez, I'm really sorry sir.

Yes yes!  Y'all come a-back now, you hear? 

Any word on how the survivors in the town are doing, Mitch? 

In the nearby town of South Park, the cause of the Beaverton flood is being investigated.

Craig! Behave yourself!

