Agh- Stop it! You, you... butthole! Knock it off!

I'm not on his side!

I knew it was you! 'Member I even said it before!

Because Mysterion is trying to  You fucker, that fuckin' hurt!  Because Mysterion is trying to say he's the hero this town needs! But that's my job!

That's what I'm supposed to say! I know it's you, Kyle. Just stop!

Let her go!

Sometimes it seems the more criminals I try to stop, the more just come out of the back alleys and dilapidated bars. The city is a dying whore. She calls out to me to save her. And I don't know if I can. But she is still my city.  And I cannot just sit and watch as innocent peole are-  Who the hell is that?  Who the hell are you?

What do you mean "continued"? You don't know who I am!

Get out of here! Get to safety! 

Another woman saved from rape. But how many more rapists are out there?

Well, people are obviously so desperate to learn your identity that they'll do anything. Won't be long before the next villain comes along and threatens violence unless you take off your mask. 

I think the Mayor might be involved. It's my theory she might have a lesbian lover who's holding her leash.

I'll take a Sprite.

Aw nonononono, I am the symbol this town needs!  Dude, seriously, you can't do that! Go home! I was, I was doing this first!

How is it that nobody came to Coonicon 09? This is just, this is fucking ridiculous!

Don't let the city's peacefulness fool you, commissioner! It's too quiet.

You guys have your own storage facility?

No, I'm not that kid!

Mysterion? That's fucking retarded! You just gave yourself away, Craig! Only you would think of a name that dumb!

Chaos. I need to keep on my toes.  I'm not here to stop you this time, Chaos! I need information.

Dude, seriously? I'm gonna kick the shit out of you if you don't stop!

So that the next terrorist can threaten South Park if he doesn't unmask himself?!

Don't you think he knows that?! But superheroes know that sometimes you have to sacrifice yourself for the greater good.

NO! Dude, I'm seriously! You're being a copycat! I'll sue you!  Motherfucker!

I didn't want to resort to this, but he could have the answers I need.

Yeah? Well you cannot know my true identity either.

You have an entire wall dedicated to Mysterion? What about...? Do you, do you still have that "Who Is The Coon?" T-shirt I gave you?

Oh all right Kyle! Yeah, took me real long to figure it out! Only you, Kyle, would be a buzzkill, and try to steal my thunder! You don't care about stopping crime, you're just doing this... 'cause you hate me, Kyle!

Yes, I have to go now.  But in the meantime I have something that might interest you.  Make sure all your men get a look at these, detective!

I had no choice.  I was at the end of my rope.  Sometimes when a superhero needs answers, he has to turn to the wretched underbelly of society.

Yeah huh! You heard of the Coon and now you're being a copycat. Is that your name? Copycat?

No, I'm just over here now.  What do we know about the Mayor's sexual preferences?

A woman being raped. This is what our city has been reduced to. When the money goes, the raping starts. Women are helpless... without the Coon.

If you don't make good on your threats, Chaos, then what good are your threats?

Now I'm back over here.

You're a fucking douchebag! Get outta here!

N- I'm the good guy, Chaos. I don't betray people.

Yes, it's fine!

You know, you're a little scrotum-licker dude! Why don't you shut the fuck up?!  Alright Chaos, I'm gonna get the triggers for these things at ACE Hardware. Keep an eye on this stuff! 

That's it! 

Listen to me! I want to... help you... get rid of Mysterion!

Come out where I can see you!

Fear not everyone! Coon is here to save the day.

There was another rapist in the park tonight.  It's no coincidence. It must be a rapist plot and at stinks to the top.

Yeah, but he's a fuckin' dick! I want him gone just as much as you do!

That was great teamwork, Mysterion. South Park is safe. Until next time.

Don't worry, Mysterion!  The Coon will now help you!

You aren't raping anyone tonight!

Why is Cartman crossed out? He, he could be Mysterion.

No, I'm no- I  I'm sayin' that... Goddammit Stan is that you? It is you, isn't it? Clyde? Clyde, you're not a superhero, I am!

I'm right here now. 

My entire plan worked to perfection.  My work here is done.  With Mysterion out of the way the Coon can finally go back to keeping the city safe.  Once again, I alone am the symbol this town can stand behind.  Every town needs a hero.  Every town needs... a Coon. 

