Not bad, kids. Not bad. 

Alright, let's go Broflovski. 

Oh, it's on!

Alright, fourth grade class, you're up first. We're gonna do some rope-climbin'.

We just thought we'd come check out the ice for the game tomorrow.  Gavin Throttle, coach of the Adams County team.

Alright boys! I'm really glad to see we have some new recruits interested in the fine sport of wrassling.

How is it offensive?! Jesus, what-?!

Well, you're tall and black enough. All right, Broflovski, suit up!

Alright girls, we're gonna trim that fat and tone those bodies. Let's do this! You first!  Get right up there!  Alright, now look here.  Come on, burn it off! You got this! 

Can we talk to you for a minute?  You uh... You're the best player in your school, are ya?

It's all made up! Fiction! Real wrassling is a serious and respectable sport! Why can't you people understand that that kind of wrestling isn't real?!

Just, down on, down on the floor.  Hands and knees. 

Look look look!  THIS is wrestling. THIS. 

No, this isn't wrassling! THIS ISN'T WRASSLING! Principal Victoria, just let me stay on and I can teach kids what real wrassling is!

Ugh.  The WWE is not wrassling! That's a bunch of fake bullcrap! How stupid are you! Real wrassling, boys, is this! 

You know, when you put your all into something, it's kind of a bummer when people don't seem to care.  Kind of makes you feel like the sport you love is becoming a joke.

Okay uh, just go ahead and get on your hands and knees.

Broflovski, be ready to take over for Owens.

Oh, so you're the father of the boy who's gonna get f'd in the a on Saturday?

What?

All right, it was good. But we don't want "good," we want pain!

Hold on a second, clam-head!  You think you can just roll in here and tell us it's not on when it very clearly is on?! You're just trying to make us not practice, aren't you?! Because you know that your kids are goin' down when my kids give them this! Give me some moves out, Girl T!  Check this out!  Yeah! You like that?!

You're firing me? Why?!

All right boys, now you're all here because you're the best of the best.  I know that you've all worked really hard to make it this far, so let's get out there and  SHOW ME WHAT YOU'VE GOT!  Uh, uh excuse me, Brof-Broflovski, is it?

The girls wanted to say something, so we're now going to hear a few words from the captain of the girls volleyball team.

Oh, not this again! Let me guess: you just went to that stupid WWE show in Denver last night!

Well, it's just that... Jew's can't play basketball.  Awright, kids, we've gotta work on that shooting! Come on!

Come on now, keep it tight!  Good. Now watch that timing, drill team! 

Look at those thighs! Come on, you've gotta push harder! '

Well well well! If it isn't the Park County Losers! 

Who are you?

Yeah?

Alright kids, practice is over for today.

Now, the first thing we're gonna learn today are the fundamental wrassling holds. Let's get some volunteers. Uh why don't come over here young man? What's your name?

Thank you, Mr. Garrison. Listen uh, last night we had a pretty big game against Evergreen. The girls really hammered 'em, but once again we're a... little disappointed in the turnout.

All right, thirty yards, Timmy! Keep it up!

It's on!

Whoo, it's on all right!

All right. Broflovski, you're going in next possession.

Rrrgh!

Oh, God!

Alright and now how about you. Your name is?

Makes us feel like a joke

Yeah. Uh, look, kid, you've got great skills and a great attitude. But you're just not physically ...built for the game.

You seem to have a stomach ache every time we do drills and exercises.

Now just reach around him here. Good.

It isn't real! Don't you people understand that stuff isn't real?! None of it! How stupid are you?! 

You can't fire me for what these kids do!

