I didn't know you had a girlfriend, Jim.
Well, we'll get right on fixing that, sweetie. Wanna watch The Price is Right? 
I'll leave you two alone.  Y-You sure you weren't masturbating, Jim? It's okay if you were.
Well that's good. But... your mother tells me that this boy is... black.
This damn TV! What is that window doing outside the holiday special?! 
Awww, that's too bad. Well, it was really nice meeting you, Stan. 
Nichole? Your mother tells me that you already have a boyfriend at school.
You have to share your room with the baby!
Hey gang, let's wrap some more of them up in plastic wrap and hand them out to the poor!
Well, Nichole, it's just... You know, just because you're black doesn't mean you can only date black boys. It's just a little weird that we moved to this whole new place and you're immediately drawn to the one other black person.
Oh, I think they're Faith Hilling, Bobby. It's a little before your time.
What?! No daughter of mine is going to dress like a whore! We're marching down to that store right now, young lady!
In the dining room Michael! Let's go!  Have a seat, son.  Your mom and I have decided you're going to go away for a little while.
You're making a mistake!  Let me go! It wasn't me, I tell ya! A burglar broke in! He was black! He's the one who stabbed that nagging bitch in her fat face! He was blaaack! 
All right, you rascals. Gather round.  Joseph Smith lived in a little American town in the early 1800s.
This is the oddest holiday special I've ever seen.
Okay, my turn.  Ooo, five!  One two three four five. Uh, awww, lost yor mortgage, pay ten thousand dollars! Oh no! 
Oh boy! Who is the best Mom in the world?? 
Your mom and I are going out for a few weeks, Kenny. Take care of the baby.
Yeah, we've got a commenter window in our living room. How do I get rid of that?
We've been put in touch with this camp for troubled kids like you and-
All right, kids, now how about we do some Scripture readings! From the Book of Mormon!
Well, it's great you could join us for Family Home Evening, Stan!
