Come on, Butters. Mom's cooked waffles and nanas for you.

That only works in Imaginationland! You're grounded! 

So you're telling us that Dr. Janus has been the owner of City Wok all this time?

Well, guess we don't have to ground him.

Aw son! 

Damnit! Damnit!  Thanks a lot, kid! 

It was just such a coincidence, considering the photo. You may not have realized this, but Martha and I have buttocks where our heads should be.

Can you believe it, boys?! We're playing in the State Championship Game! 

Please, please. It's not your fault.

You are in Imaginationland. This is a dream.

You're out. 

I I can't believe we're actually listening to this. This is a crazy plan!

We understand you've seen our son. 

We don't wanna jump to conclusions, but... we're worried that maybe somebody kidnapped Butters, sodomized him over and over again, and then fed his genitals to wild animals.  There there, darling.

We don't really like chili; it makes us throw up.

Yes. He was in the care of our nanny at the time.

That's right.

Aw, son. 

Well, it was 1982. Tommy was only six at the time.

Yes, but since he appeared to be at least eight in the photo,  we assumed someone had seen him since we did.

Over eleven people worldwide suffer from TPS.

Our leader, he... he's leaving us! 

Yes Butters. Thanks to you, maybe Dr. Janus can get back to his real self.

Hello?

Uh, Thompssson.

Well good for you, Butters.

Mr. Blaine has said that by killing ourselves in Washington, we are guaranteed everlasting happiness in the afterlife!

Wait, the.. the point is... that you can be happy. You see, your friends and parents have programmed you in a way that makes you feel isolated and alone. How many times have you felt like nobody knows the real... you?  You're not really happy.

Whattaya mean?

No no, don't be silly. You see, with TPS, the birth defect is on the exterior only. Behind this we still have all our vital head organs - tongue, eyes, nasal passages...

Butters, time for breakfast.

Everyone! Everyone, gather 'round! I have great news for all Blaintologists, and for our new members as well. We've just gotten word from Mr. Blaine himself: The government has denied our church's request for tax-exempt status!

Yes.

Be-cause! Mr. Blaine has arranged for all Blaintologists members from every city and state to march into Washington and demand our right for tax-exempt status by committing a mass suicide!

Oh, our same ol' Ben!

God dammit no! Y-you have to give them more time!

You WERE in Imaginationland, Butters! We've read all about it in the paper! The question is, what were you doing in Imaginationland when you were supposed to be helping your mother clean up the basement?!

Then we'll spend the whole summer going to Nebraska, and to Iowa, and Wyoming.

Butters!  You are grounded, mister! You hear me?!  Grounded!

Alright, Butters, that's enough MTV for one day. You need to watch something that stimulates your brain. I'm putting on History Channel.

I mean, you always get in a fight with scrappy redneck dats up here in the mountains, but some of those Division Two dads are tough!

Oh yes you are!

If you look through David Blaine's incredible book, you'll find a lot of life's answers. Let's read some of the book together, shall we?

Oh yes, you see, David Blaine is much more than a magician. He's a scholar, a visionary, a leader.

They said to inquire four houses down.

Butters?  Butters!

Congratulations, young Blaintologists. From this day, you are clean.  Now, we have very important work to do! David Blaine is going to put on a big magic show in Denver tomorrow night, where he's going to eat his own head.

Keep running, kid! 

Son!

...Right, yeh. Eh, see, the reason that you are unha-

You may not have realized this, but we actually have buttocks where our heads should be.

Breaking into a store, Butters?! What are you?!

Yuh... actually suggesting that somebody drives right into the heart of that mob? It's a suicide mission!

Martha and I actually have buttocks where our heads should be.

What is it, Martha?

Yeah, well, you'd better watch yourself in the playoffs.

So it appears the military is ready to proceed with its operation, one they are calling "Operation Nuke the Imagination Through the Imagination Doorway."

Now, Martha, what did I say about getting our hopesss up?

Yeah, we did it, boys! We did it! We're going to the finals! Woohoo! 

Our ssson!

Well, then your whole season starts over, but on the national circuit! You get to spend your whole summer playing baseball!

So it's up to all you new Blaintologists to get as many people there as you can. Whoever gets the most people to come gets a prize! 

Alright, brothers and sisters, gather around.  It's time to drown ourselves in the Reflecting Pool!  However, the-ah Reflecting Pool is a little more shallow than we originally thought, so to drown ourselves, you will need to lie on your stomach, face down, until you die, as such. 

This certainly is a friendly town.  You've all been sssssso wonderful. 

Get your things ready. We leave for Washington at dawn!

Martha and I were lucky enough to meet each other at a TPS convention in France.

Tommy disappeared when he was only seven.

Yes, but we last heard the nanny was heading west.  That's why we thought Colorado made sssssense.

Honey, no!

We realize that. But we just thought that maybe someone else had found Tommy, and then lost him again. We're pretty certain that it's our boy, considering his physical appearance. Martha and I have the... same condition.

