Uhwhat are you doing?

Five dollars for three balls.

O-kay, five dollars for three balls.

Can I help you boys.

Yeah, look. They're even signed by Terrance and Phillip themselves. 

Sure they're real. They're even made in Canada.

Nine one one, what's your emergency?

Shenanigans?

Sir, uh I'm getting some electrofeedback from the gate. Ih it's weak, but it's nanoresponding to something.

Come one, come all. Get in line now, for the Chamber of Farts.

Really?  Is your mother in tears every day over how disobedient you are?

Okay, kid, you won. You get to pick between the Barbie Pocket Mirror and the Bon Jovi Toothpick.

I'm sorry, but we're done doing freak shows for now. We're looking for people for a new topic.

Perhaps you need some MORE FARTS!  All right, boys. Ride's over.

Don't worry, kid, it's easy. You just gotta put one ball through Jennifer Love Hewitt's mouth. 

What is it?!

Just three tickets, boys.  Dare you enter the Chamber of Farts?

Look, the kid was really close. He still has another ball left. Leh let's try again, son.  Here you go.  There, you see? We have a winner!

You mean that annoying place where employees won't break character?

Folks, please keep your hands and arms inside the John Denver Experience at all times. There's no sense in trying to unloop at the latch at any time during the ride here at the John Denver Experience. Have fun.

Getting readings from the other side... the, that's it. We've made an opening to our imagination, sir! 

Dare you enter the Chamber of Farts?

So, the Chamber of Farts has another victim, eh? Don't be afraid. There aren't any ghouls here, only FARTS! 

Hello, and welcome to Voice Box Express, your #1 source for voice boxes. I'm Amanda. How may I help you?

Well that's great! If you can get your mom to come in with you, we'd love to fly you out.

Oh, nonono, you gotta win seven times to earn those.

You win seven Bon Jovi toothpicks, then you can trade them in for the Terrance and Phillip dolls.

It's gotta go through her mouth

Sure. It's veery scary.

Taken hostage where?

Step on up, just five dollars to play!

Sure, as long as they're good.

Keep your hands in at all times.

Please help my out-of-control child.

Sorry, kid, try again. Just five more dollars.

Does she worry about you doing drugs and having sex at such a young age?

