Yeah, the old "Hasn't anything changed?" speech. Works on white people all the time.
So you admit it. There was a cover up. 
Saigon. It's a hell of a place. I've seen a lot of death.  A lot of suffering. Darkness that most people couldn't stand to see.  I tried to sit it out as much as I could. 
You walk away now, and you will regret it the rest of your life.
You really still believe that garbage? The people in your town sold you that line. Come on, you've had to have doubted it all along. 
There's a bounty on my head and I can't afford to stay in one place for too long. So long... Denver Bronco.
And that's that. "Pack your bags, you're headed home. Hugs and kisses from Uncle Sam."  So how do I end up here, with a nine year old kid who just wants to know who his father is? Life is funny like that. One day you're sifting through the guts of some gook in Vietnam and the next you're playing Dr. Phil with some kid and his teacher.
If you know what's good for you, you'll keep your mouth shut, kid.
Shut up Kyle, you dumb Jew.  You've got Bronco blood in you, kid. That makes you awesome. Me? I should be movin' on.
Think about it. Muhammad is the only person in the world who can't get ripped on. Those celebrities want his goo.
Where the hell do you think you're going?
Look, Mephesto, just tell this kid who his father is and you do it now!
No, I don't like a little blood. Blood ain't the stuff for eighteen year old boys from Sheboygan. Blood ain't the stuff... for Mitch Conner.
Yeah, but you're forgetting, you're also half Denver Bronco. That makes you pretty cool.
Heh. I know all about the swindles and schemes in this dead-end town. You got lied to kid. By the people who were closest to you. I can prove it too, but I'm going to want something in return.
You really got yourself in a mess this time, kid.
You know what the goo is worth on the open market? Hell, I got people in Hong Kong who'll give me 50 mil for that goo.
Sorry is a four letter word with a y on the end. That doesn't mean anything to this poor kid.
The name's Mitch Conner, I flew the same division as you back in Saigon. 
Is Muhammad more important than a little boy's broken heart?
Good to see you Hat. Helluva night, isn't it?
