I believe that Professor Thomas from the University has come up with a solution.

Look, you're the only scientist that lives in this town. You have to find an answer before more people combust. You do that, and you'll be the most beloved man in South Park. 

All right, people, we can move onto issue number 14B.

Mr. Garrison, every Christmas you suggest we get rid of all the Mexicans, and every Christmas we tell you "NO!"

No, no. In fact, they never came to South Park. We've never heard of them.

And we will all miss you, Chef,  but we know you must do what your heart tells you..

Now, look, it isn't all horrible. The Native Americans are offering you retail values on your homes.

This certainly has been an enlightening evening. And as Mayor, I accept your petition and will abolish all separation laws.

And that's really all I can tell you. The town of South Park is going to be leveled, in order to make way for a twelve-lane superhighway.

Kid, what the hell are you talking about?

Oh my God! Officer Barbrady, ugh, you never had Tom and Mary in this cell.

What?! You four boys, in my office, NOW!

And so without further ado, here's the most courageous, most amazing man on the planet, Christopher Reeve. 

And the winner is: Squash-O-Lantern, by Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, and the evil Eric Cartman from the parallel universe! "The Winning Entry! Squash in cobweb, amid a tiny graveyard and flanked by four tiny bats"

I signed a permit allowing them to have their concert here. Their little "festival" should pump some money into our economy.

These boys symbolize how we all feel about loss. Who are we to tell them it's impossible?

Ladies and gentlemen, I am pleased to kick off the 14th Annual South Park Cow Days!  As most of you know, Cow Days is when we all get together to celebrate and thank the noble, gentle cows.  And now, the chairman of Cow Days, Jimbo Kern!

That's it? That's it! The song's over! We can light the tree! 

Now get out to the carnival and enjoy the amazing rides and the wonderful games!

Okay, people. What are we rabbling about now?

And I want to assure the nation that is watching that South Park is not a town of prejudice or bigotry.

Well, perhaps, one day, cows will learn that cults are never a good thing.

So, from this day forward, everyone in South Park will be required to fart on a regular basis to insure that nobody else spontaneously explodes.

Okay. If you're right about this, Marsh, you're going to be the most popular man in South Park.

And so I declare today Randy Marsh Day, where we shall remember forever how he freed us all from the threat of spontaneous combustion. Gentlemen? 

Alright, people, let's start rebuilding our town! For the 39th time.

You have got me in a lot of trouble! 

Well, we'd love a Christmas song, wouldn't we, folks?

People! People, quiet, please!  We must not panic!

And so we salute Randy Marsh and his unified theory of moderation that has saved us all. 

All right, people, we need to come up with answers. There are homeless sprouting up all over town. What are we supposed to do? 

Ahalright, here to light the Christmas Tree is a very special young man who shows us all the true meaning of Christmas. Jimmy. 

You four turd balls in my office NOW!

She's gaining support all over the country. I should have never listened to you!

As we celebrate this glorious time, we can't forget those families who are suffering. As many of you know, the Broflovski family has recently had their child torn away from them. As a community, we must do all we can to ease their pain. Are there any suggestions how we might help?

...And so, we want you to design and build a great wall, all around the city.

The Native Americans have purchased the land from under us. Tomorrow, they're buying the last of what they need to have complete ownership.

All right, people. Scientist Marsh and I have been working very hard on the problem of spontaneous combustion, and we have finally come up with a solution. Mr. Marsh?

...Why would you write something like that and be proud of it?!

People, what do you think we need to do?

People of South Park, it is my honor to introduce a woman who deserves nothing but respect. Mrs. Hillary Rodham Clinton! 

And the cows? Are they all back, too?

Good evening, everyone. In a moment we'll be lighting the South Park Christmas Tree to kick off the holidays!

As it was in the times of our forefathers, so it is now. Stan Marsh, for not following our most sacred of rites, you are hereby banished from South Park for all eternity. Or until you decide that voting is important. Good-bye, Stan. May the gods treat you more kindly than we did. 

Students, I am here because of a very serious matter. This morning it was discovered that in several places all over town, somebody had spray-painted the words, "Fags get out." Many witnesses reported seeing children with spray paint. Now, if anybody knows anything about the kids who did this, you must come forward-

Well, let's go talk to them. Stick by me. 

We're gonna need eight dozen shovels and sixteen tons of sand! Let's move, people!

The bar has been sold to Persian club owners. I don't know what you want me to do about it.

That's it. We're going to Plan B. Nuke the crowd!

My God, it's burning up in here! Can't we crank the AC up some more?

All right, people, let's save it!  They still have a long way to go!

They don't have to know. I can sign whatever permit I want!

Yes, but standing out here yelling "Rabble rabble rabble" isn't going to help anything.

Quiet people! The town square is public space. That means if neither group will nicely and maturely move the day of its rally, I'll just have to give the town square to both groups.

Oh, that's nice! You made our entire town look like gay-bashing redneck homophobes, but at least you're sorry!

Yes. The temperature is steadily rising every day. I want you to find out why.

The people are panicking about spontaneous combustion. That's why I've assembled this crack team of scientists to find out the cause of the phenomenon. You are the best scientific mind South Park has to offer.

Then it's settled: This year we'll give all our Christmas money to the Broflovskis, in hopes that they may someday have their child returned to them. 

Marsh, I'm not asking you, I'm telling you! Find the cause of spontaneous combustion, or else!

But now, before we light the tree, I think we should all reflect for a moment on those who are less fortunate than us.  Right now in Iraq there are children who fear us and what we might do to their country. The threat of war touches us all, but over in Iraq, there is no Christmas. They have nothing.

I'm sorry, but my hands are tied. The new owners plan to start redecorating the bar tomorrow. You have to be out by then.

