Kenny, what the hell are you doing?! 

Uh huh!

Yeah?

Hey! We don't say "fuck" at the table, you little asshole!

With the right diet and training, who knows what you're capable of?

What? Whaaat?!

I heard that.

Sit down, Jer-Jer! Queer Eye For the Straight Guy is on.

We've been arrested lots of times, Mysterio.

It's a miracle... Kenny, you're alive.

God, this must be the fiftieth time this has happened.

'Cause he's Bono, that's why.

Kenny, wasn't that your fat, racist, foul-mouthed friend, Eric Cartman?

I have nothing against homosexuals either, Randy, but the big camping trip is next week! Are you sayin' you're fine with this guy campin' overnight, alone, with our boys??

Hih yeah, and it's got quite a kick, too.

How is it?

When you're uh-unemployed, weekends are meaningless.

Look! My son is a patriot and LOVES his country!  Come on, Kenny!

Yeah. Now they're acting like men.

Lord, we thank you for this staggering payload of frozen waffles you have bestowed upon us. And since we have been faithful to you, we know that you will send us some good fortune one of these days, even though you sure as hell seem to be taking your sweet time. Amen.

What did he say?  ...John Denver Experience.

I wanted to be somebody, too! I just wasn't born with a silver enema up my ass!

I'm tired of losing this battle!

Uh... boys... Kenny died ...last December. Don't you remember?

No. That's an urn, boys. Kenny's inside it.

We haven't seen you boys for so long, we thought you'd forgotten all about him.

Come on, let's go try to get you pregnant again.

Thang-thanks for coming by, boys. Ih-ih, it means a lot to us.  Aw now, honey. 

Are you sure you should be going on this thing?

Are you feelin' better?

You think you're man enough to fight me, you little shit?!

Oh yeah.

Kenny?? 

Look! I'm not saying the new scout leader's a bad person, I just don't think he should be a scout leader!

What? Don't you know Kenny's sick with--?

Ogh, that hits the spot. Makes me forget all about my shattered balls.  What? Wwhat's the matter? Uh, why don't you go make me another one of... of...  Who-o-oa.

Yes?

Uh!

That's where I live now.

Oh!

Uh what the hell do you want this time? Hey look, w-we did what you told us! W-w-we treat our kids better and we don't beat each other up as much.

I'm white trash and I'm in trouble. 

Lord, on this day of thanks, we would like to extend our deepest gratitude for this incredible bounty of green beans you have bestowed upon us. And though for some reason you found it necessary to take our son from us , and though you for some reason find pleasure in watching us suffer, still, we give thanks. Amen.

If the Founding Fathers saw you burning your flag an' callin' the President a Nazi, they'd roll over in their grave!

Uh, how much do you think a bus ticket back to Colorado is gonna run? 

We can't take on all of Jersey. We have to find support.

And he fixed my shattered left testicle, too!

Oohhh, God!  Oooh, my balls!  Ooh, God 

Well, seeing as though Kenny passed away, maybe we should name him ah,... Kenny.

Hey hefe. You want some cerveza? 

We can make floats and decorate them with streamers and flowers!

Aw, alright.

A man's wife is his life, Mr. UPS man. 

Your wife, huh?

How about I come in there and kick your teeth in!

Freeze, buddy. These are blanks, but they still hurt like hell! 

I-I don't know if it's right to keep Kenny alive on that machine. I-I just... I don't know what he would want.

Now, come on, everybody, just because a few priests in the country have been corrupted doesn't mean that all priests are child molesters.

Kenny?

Nice! Oh yeah! 

Wha, what's the matter, doctor?

Who the hell could that be? 

We just might get workin' on it later tonight, huh huh huh. 

We can be a nation that believe in war,

A football? That's amazing.

Uh, Kenny, it's nine o'clock.

Well alright, here comes a pop fly. See if you can catch it!  Good job. Now throw me one.  Ohp! Guhhogh! 

Well your side has the grocery store.

What the hell is he wearin' now?

We don't have a Nintendo. We got a ColecoVision hooked up to the black-and-white TV. 

Well nobody wants to hear a bunch o' rock protest songs! 

Ah, hello? This is Kenny's dad, back in America. I miss my son very much. I would like to see him returned to me so that the U.S. government will buy me a new car and-  Ow! I mean, bec- because I miss my son very much.  Man.

--and my brother's girlfriend's mother, and this guy Bob, who I met last year.

Huh? Uh, I'll play catch with your later, son.

Aww hell, I'm sorry, too. 

What the hell was that?

Eeaagghh! 

That's right! Maybe we should do what the Confederates would've done and march on to Topeka!

If my wife was having sex with the UPS man, I'd want you guys to tell me!

Trust us, we don't remember. Uh uh, I know it sounds hard to believe, but we were actually really drunk the entire time.

Goddamnit, do you have to smart off at me in my own house?!

What? I'm just askin' a question.  You know, your dad and I used to be best friends when we were teenagers. We would work together at Pizza Shack. But he got promoted and went off to community college and I didn't. And you know why? 'Cause your dad's Jewish!

Come on, son!

Oh my freaking Lord.

He can't more on his own-ah how will he eat?

Oh, God, I'm gonna crap my pants! 

Yep, me too.

Kenny?! Kenny, I've had enough of your shenanigans! 

Hey, I heard that, bitch!

It's a lot of natural.

Hey, is it my fault you don't know how to cook?!

Eh-ah, I guess we owe you one.

I told you to shut up!

Shut up, bitch!

You're hurting me!

Hu hu hu hu heh yeah. It took us damn near two years to finish it.

Where they always did. Jim McElroy's house.

Now don't make me do that again! 

Yeah, but at least we never have to deal with that UPS driver again.

Oh, that thing. Nooo, we weren't in that stupid group. They just used to offer free beer at their meetings, so we would go.

What happened? What killed him, doctor?

Yeah. Why, just this afternoon our son was caught beatin' off our dog. 

Aw, he smacked me in the balls! 

Where were the teachers?!

God.

What the-? No, wait, no, WAH, NO, WAAAAAH! 

You WHAT??

Not that easy. You were lucky.

So, Kyle, your dad's still bringing home those big, fat lawyer paychecks?

God Damn-it.

Well, I can still drink. 

Yeah. Metrosexual means you're straight, but you appreciate the gay culture.

Well, now, that's part of the fun.

Kenny, do you by any chance know what happened to my Playboys?  Kenny?! Answer me!! 

Coo, cootchy-coo, coohoohoohoo, cootchy-coo.

Oh my God, it killed Kenny!

We're fine, officer. 

Oh, God, my nose! I think I broke my nose!

Me, too.

Don't touch me! I've had my nuts broken, body poisoned, have been made love to in the ass by three dozen 40-year-old men—I just wanna go home and take a, a hot bath! 

Just me and my wife and my brother. And my wife's cousin and his son and my brother's girlfriend and our two kids-- 

I don't go to any cock Magic fights!

No, they just did their usual cable-company runaround.

Aagh!

Oh. Uhuh, sss-so now what?

You just don't know how to use spices and stuff.

He's really, really gay.

I don't think so. 

See you in a couple of days, son.

NOW!

Oh, I'm not gonna make it. I'm gonna be sick!  Oh, my stuhomach!  Oh, my nose!  Augh! 

Oh, he's so beautiful. I know it's been hard on both of us losing poor Kenny. But this new baby kind of reminds me of him. 

Jesus. It's begun.

Kenny. What are you doing over here with all these un-American traitors?!

