What the?  Oh no. No, no, no, no.

We demand you release these men at once!

Britney was chosen a long time ago, to be built up and adored, and then sacrificed. For harvest.

Hey, you damned kids!  Get the hell out of my yard!

Oh. Well, I guess we can always... just make another one.

Oh hello there, you must be the new neighbors.

Poor thing must have snuck across the border and then lost track of his family.

They've found another one! They've found another jakovasaur! 

Look, there's an elementary school  Come on, there might be some teachers inside. 

You guys come quick! I've only just heard!

Hello. This is Romanian father. I am desperate to have my girls returned to me in Romania.

Look we're in a bit of a spot here! I've got a very important job interview tomorrow morning in Breckenridge, so I have to get my car fixed fast! Is there another garage in town?

I work hard, so I need a laxative that works hard too!  I can't be constipated on the job.  That's why I need... Soft Serve.  Because when I'm constipated, sometimes even a hard push isn't enough.  Don't give up. Get back in there and get to work!  'Cause when the going gets tough, the tough gets going!

Yeah, who the heck finds this stuff interesting? 

Stay back?! Hell, my wife and child are in there!

...Well, yes I am, but I don't know what that has to do with anything.

My name is Harry Gints and this is my wife Elise. We're from Canada.

Hey, Chef-o, we're gonna run down to the office supply store and get some leather holders for our pagers, you wanna come?

Alright, let's just... go, Linda. I don't have time for Spaceman Spiff's little games.

You know, it's just that a lot of people don't really believe in the whole Jesus thing anymore, you know? So what's to celebrate?

Aw geez. Come on in, kids.  It doesn't surprise me. More and more people are being blamed for 9/11 every day.

Relax, Tweek. I am not here to hurt you. I am the Ghost of Human Kindness.

Look at that. A bear, mining for coal.

Hup. Nono, Mantequilla! You're just blowing the leaves from one side to the other. Get them in one pile so you can use the garbage bags we loaned you.

Darling, I don't know if we can keep him.

Oh, excuse me. I was just-  God-damned smartass! Do you think you could 

Surprise! We've scraped some money together and got you something. 

Looks like winter's right around the corner. Better get some firewood ready. 

No, it's my damned garden and I'm sick of you kids dressin' up and havin' talks of betrayal in it!

I haven't seen a road marker for miles. What was the last highway we were on?

You know, for Martha and I, we're, we're worried we might have a hard time raising our son atheist. I mean-  whoa, thank you -I mean,  it could end up being very difficult raising an atheist child in such a Christian society.  I feel that everywhere my poor son goes he's being persecuted for his beliefs. 

If there was a god, why would he let our kids be molested in the first place?

Oh, I see! Is this the Johnson boys from down the street?!

Hat McCollough. He was sent to prison in '82, and we believe he should be released!

I am not a homeless person. I am a new fourth-grade student.

Oh my gosh, honey look it's Tupac! I told you them homies didn't cap his ass!  Oh, this is going on Instagram! 

Well, it'll have to do. It's probably the only town for a hundred miles. 

Nobody paid us anything! Now, there has been a crime here and you'd better do something about it!

I'm Charles Kincade, from the Kincade Talent Agency? I just heard you broke a hundred thousand points on Guitar Hero.

We are NAMBLA, the North American Man Boy Love Association, and we heard about these political prisoners you're keeping?

All these men wanted was to love a young boy!  There is nothing wrong with love!

Put the golf club down, you crazy bitch! 

Baltania, eh anyway, my heart is aching for their return. I, I know the American government will do what's right. 

Man, I've never seen a woman drink that much-you're amazing, Ms. Cartman.

Well, can you help us find the phone, please?

My name is Geoff Hamill. I'm the founder and CEO of Vagisil.

DMV people? They're the meanest people on planet Earth.

They're getting a kick out the magician, huh?

We can't help it! You're bawlin' us to tears! 

It's horrible. We can't stop the oil from contaminatin' everything.

Well, maybe if we let him paint the garage, he'll feel more like family and then-

Uh the first chapter alone was filled with poetry.

It's Mr. Garrison! Only it ISN'T Mr. Garrison! He- He's a woman now! 

Hey, I'm sorry to bother you. There's uh, been an accident and I need a phone.

Oh. Yeah, Apple's stuff is pretty neat alright. I just don't want any big company tracking where I am at all times. 

Yeah, it's like, San Francisco is more of a European city, like Paris or Milan.

Welcome to San Francisco. I'm Peter Thompson. This is my wife, Nancy Jarvis, and our son, Brian Thompson-Jarvis  So how do you like the neighborhood?

They're right. We should have never crossed that picket line. Come on, honey. 

Okay, so this is all the stuff we need to sign Michael in?

Sir, how can it be that a first timer scores that kind of thetan level?? He registered OT9! I'm only OT7 and I've been in the church all my life!

That's what you said about Peterson, and then you ended up having sex with him!

Can I get on that 7:30 a.m. flight?

Well that's what I'm telling you. It was right here exce-except for the thing where he poured the milk into his penis; he did that over there.

Fellow members of NAMBLA. As you know, hn hn, we continue to be discriminated against. Recently, the FBI has started to arrest men, who are doing nothing more than trying to start a sexual relationship with a young boy.

Loving young boys has been around since the time of the Romans, pal! There's nothing wrong with it! We are an organization dedicated to showing that sex between a man and a young boy can be a beautiful thing!

You haven't heard the last of us, officer! Together we are strong.  Come on, men! 

I have no idea. Oh, we're gonna have to find some help quick. We're not gonna make it more than a couple of miles.

Panda bears make me sad. They're almost extinct.

Wow, he's really great. We should get him to sing at Tommy's bar mitzvah 

And then he uh, took his penis from behind our daughter's ear and uh, we uh, uh that's when we saw him with uh, the n-the three rings. and uh, his penis, he was pulling it through 'em somehow, uh.

Great party, Mr. Mackey. Thank you so much.

How are we not to cry. Our hearts have been broken, our lives ruined, and now we are set to die!

