Great idea!  Tugger thinks we should go to the faaar away of China.  China is one of the oldest civilizations on earth. And from what I understand, they LOVE a good fight! So let's go! 
And so here we are in history-rich Ch-ooina.
Making movies, making songs 'n fight-in' round the world.  Oi! Now Tugger's brought me to one of the greatest places for foightin' in North America.  Brooklyn, New York. Lots of minorities here, and they don't take kindly to whitey.  Let's get a closer look. Come on, Tugger!  Looks like we got some black people, and some Puerto Ricans.  Notice the colorful rags on their heads, meaning they could be part of a gang, and therefore,  real used to fightin'. 
You know that you're my baby. You know I need you now.
And so we'll be right back, after these commercials.
Crikey! Ol' Tugger looks healthy, happy, and  fit as a whistle!
It's that God-damned editor! He cut the Brooklyn scene short! Tugger, I'm gonna get him!
Seems like no one else here wants to fight.
Alright everyone, we're gonna take our first commercial break. But be sure not to go anywhere, because there's lot's more people to beat up!
I know you're the bloomin' editor! I mean, who do you think you are cuttin' one of my foightin' scenes short?!
Well?? You all just gonna stand there or are you gonna fight?  Crikey, you've done it now!
You gotta save him, Doc! Tugger! 'E's my best friend! The only friend in the world who would-
Oh! Get up! Get up, you little pussy! 
Who the hell do you think you are?!
Come on. Cheer up, Tugger. How can I make you feel better? I know!  How would you like me to sing one of the songs off me new album?
What a glorious day to spend a way, fight-in' round the world. 
Uh-oh, Tugger's whistle. You know what that means!
Tugger's whistle's blowin' 
Means we must be goin' 
No more Russell Crowein' for you.
But now don't you start to whine
I'll see ya again next time.
'Cause there's plenty a-more a-fightin' left to do.
Makin' movies, makin' songs, an' fightin' round the world.
See you next time, everybody!
Well, that was a lot of fun, wadn't it, kids? But if looks like if we're gonna get in more fights, we're gonna have to go look for 'em.
Oi! Don't you interrupt me, you vag-oina! I was givin' a heart-wrenchin' soliloquy about me feeling's for Tugger!
SHOUT! Think I feel your heartbeat, can you feel mine... lady lookin' lovely, gotta take your love a shot, gotta take it...
What's that, Tugger? You say you really love the songs on my album?
Oh, Tugger! Tugger, the world won't be as bright without ya, mate! Give it to me straight, doctor! Will Tugger live?! Tell me the truth!
Oh my God, it's Russell Crowe! Oh my Gmah, bah bah byah byah!  Why don't you mind your own business, you scrotum?! 
Making movies, making songs 'n fight-in' round the world.
You can stay away tonight, but I'm gonna sleep here, in my explosive clouds...
Oh my God, it's the Gladiator guy!  Oh my God, I've never seen an actor before!  Why don't you choke on some pig vomit, you stupid sobs!
Moy foightin' is poetry! You don't edit Russell Crowe's poetry, you teesticle! 
This is Tianinman Square. Lots of good foightin' has gone on here throughout the years, including a fan-tastic massacre that took place back in '93.  These chinamen can grow to over five feet tall, and in a fight, are known to kick with their legs. Let's see if we can get in for a closer look.  Oi!  I've gotten close enough now that they're startin' to get real froigh'ened. You can see the fine hairs on the back of their necks standin' on end.  Gotcha mate!  Ah, you wanna fight, huh?!  Think you could take me, you little buggers?! 
...lets ask our old friend, Tugger. Where should we go fight people next, Tugger?
Tugger's in a bit of a sad state. Seems his girlfriend and him had a bit of a row last night.
These are the Florida Keys, a remote island chain just a few miles from... Oi! Wait a minute! Wasn't I just in Brooklyn fightin' minorities? What happened with that?
Ooo, de-lolly! D'you hear that, everybody?! Tugger's gonna be okay! D'you know what that makes me feel like doin'? Foightin'! 
Hello, everybody. I'm Russell Crowe, and this is "Fight-in' Round The World" . We're gonna have lots of fun tuhday as we travel all around, and look for some good-  Ay! What the hell do yuh think you're doin'?!  You walked right through my shot, mate! Do you know who I am?!
Tugger! Why'd you do it, Tugger?!  Doctor! Tell me how he is, doctor!
Come on, Tugger ol' mate. Why are you lookin' so down?
I don't know where I'm goin', I gotta get there some, yeah gotta get there, somehow.
But you know, Tugger's attempted suicide made me realize that I should take up a cause. Most great actors take up causes, and I'm the greatest of 'em all! So, from now on i'm gonna spend all my spare time ...fighting cancer.  Right! Where is that pussy cancer anyway?!
