If you draw any attention he'll kill us!
Oh, hello Butters. I wasn't expecting you till 5:30.
Butters, when you were playing in the yard yesterday, do you remember becoming someone named... Big Rig Butters?
You've got to become Inspector Butters again and help me find out what the mean man wants.
Butters please! It's me, Billy! You've gotta help!  Please, Butters, I've tried to tell old Dr. Janus that we're in danger, but Dr. Janus doesn't rrealize thaere's a problem!  The mean man that lives in our head is trying to take over for good!
I know you are. This is going to sound scary, pal, but... you have people living inside your head. And some of them want to murder you.
Oh boy, you've really done it this time. I know it's not your fault, but I'm sorry. I'm going to have to alert the authorities, pal.
No, you can't. But you know somebody who can. Inspector Butters.
Oh dear. It's okay, Butters. You just think you're Inspector Butters right now.
He's a bad man. He doesn't like Butters, does he? Does Professor Chaos want to murder Butters?
You don't understand! For some reason the mean man is getting stronger. You have to help me find out how to stop him! Please! 
Butters. Your name is Butters! Try and remember!
You don't know. But, maybe somebody else in there does. Do you think it would be possible for me to speak with... Inspector Butters?
Yes, I'm afraid you're a little sick. But it's okay, because together we're going to get you well.
Yeah!  Butteers, what are you doing in my house?
We have to try and understand that he can't help what he's doing, officer. He probably has no memory of it at all.
Oh, so you're on to me, huh you little shit?!
I'm now speaking to the person known as Inspector Butters.
No, I don't think grounding him would do much good at this point.  What your son needs now is lots of tender loving... medication. Heavy medication.
Now, what are the things that make you happy, Butters? What's the matter, Butters? Are you still with us? Is one of your other personalities trying to take over?
From what I gather, he seems to mostly jump in and out of personalities when he's outside playing. Sometimes he's a cowboy and other times he's an Indian, and the two seem to be at constant odds.
Butters? Butters, what are you doing? What is that? A blowtorch? Put that down! You're having another episode!
They're all idiots! The vault! Get to the vault! Come on! Go! Movie it!  Get this on and get in that vault! That's where the real good are!   Torch that door, do you hear me?! I'll kill your parents! I'll kill your friends! I said get that fucking door open!
What are you feeling, Butters? Are you nervous about your condition?
I'm afraid I have some bad news. Your son is suffering from Multiple Personality Disorder.
This is kinda fun. You're Inspector Butters and I'm your faithful assistant, Dr. Watson!
And is there someone else living with you, someone named... Professor Chaos?
Come on, let's get you home.  Where are ya gon', Butters?
What makes Big Rig Butters come out? Did somebody hurt him? Did he do something bad he can't forgive himself for?
Butters, come on! Try and come back to us!  You can't run forever!  Excuse me, did someone order a pizza?  Yes, that was me, but I'm a little busy at the moment. I'll be right back!  You'll never turn me in, Inspector Butters! You're dead!
Oh come on! You think multiple personality disorder is real?! I've been using that to scam this town for seven years! Now I gotta get out of here, thanks to you! But I'm getting one last heist before I go, and you're gonna help me!
What, Inspector butters figured out I set him up?!
There are several distinct personalities going on in there. One is named "Postman Butters" and yet another is "Fireman Butters." And then there's even "Inspector Butters" and uh, "Professor Chaos".
You aren't leaving here, Inspector! None of you are!
