Oh, oohh! The spirits of the dead are looking over the subpoena. Motion for summary judgement on behalf of the plaintiff? Ah, aaaah!
Now look. I'll be asking all of you to have a very open mind and a willingness to face you fears.  I warn you boys. A sue-ance can be very... expensive.
Quick, put the other $300 in the box!  This actually went really, really well. Always happens some bureaucrat tries to block the first sue-ance attempt, but this was good. We'll get him tomorrow.
Hang in there, Clyde. This is all to make the world a safer place.
Why not? You can always sue somebody. It's just gonna take some special protocol. We would have to perform a sue-ance. 
You bet. Here at Hoffman and Turk we specialize in suing the dead. If you hire us, we'll work hard, for you.
We'll hit him with a class action lawsuit tomorrow. We'll need all your friends and family to sign a petition and kick in 50 bucks each.
We gotta grease him. Put a hundred in the box. 
Our motion has been denied by the judge.  Concentrate boys!  This specter is like none I have ever encountered. I managed to avert liability within injunction against out claim.
Wow! That's exactly how much a sue-ance costs. 
You will be sued, spirit. Thy liability is without question.  Appear before this court, Harrington.
Yes, that's him. Is his personage amongst you?
You got it.  Here we go, the inventor of the toilet.  Sir Thomas Harrington. In England, died in 1692.
John Harrington. My client is due compensation for negligence.  What is your name, spirit?
Alright boys, sit down and clear your minds. The sue-ance is about to begin. Doors and windows are locked. You boys have your $500 in cash ready?
Yeah, we're gonna need about 400 more dollars tomorrow. I know you're sad about your mom, Clyde, but don't worry. We're going to win this thing.
Alright. Then I've got this big bowl set here to catch all money we're about to make. Now. Let us start.  We call out to the land of the dead. Sir John Harrington. Your presence is requested. Appear to us, John Harrington. We have a subpoena.
That's how people talked in the past.  We have a claim against a John Harrington. Do you know him, spirit?
