You should be wearing socks to sleep, Kyle.  You're gonna catch a cold.

Boy, things are starting to look Christmasy now!

Poo Choo Train's layin' down its tracks with a

Well, I've got a loong night ahead of me.  Bye-bye and Merry Christmas 

Christmastime wouldn't be the same without hugs and kisses and a Poo Choo Train.

Howdy-ho, folks. We're gonna do somethin' a little bit different tonight. Instead of our normal thing, we're just gonna sit back and enjoy some holiday songs. And if ya don't like it, well, I guess you can suck my tiny little balls. So let's start off with a festive Hanukkah song, sung by my favorite Jewish person in the whole world.

Hoooooowwwdy-ho! 

It sure has been tough. Nobody seems that into Christmas out there.

Santa! Are you alright?

Our daughter Amber.

We should be able to find Jesus in no time!

Kyle. Be-fore I go there's something I must tell you. Come clo-ser.  Clo-ser.

Which the grazers turn around 

Hang a shining star upon the highest bough. 

Santa, my friends are trying to do something very special this Christmas. Tell him, Eric.

Howdy ho, boys? Let's get you back home. 

Tell Santa's workers to keep making toys. We'll have Santa back in no time!

Well, oh boy, that was a super song! And now, let's hear from the school teacher, Mr. Garrison.

Golly, that sure was swell. I'd say my Christmas special is going super-fantastic. Well, now it's time to hear from perhaps the two most important people of the whole season.

You know something, Kyle?  You smell an awful lot like flowers.

Oh, Kyle! Hoowwddy ho!

And usin' dental floss?

Uh-uh, honey, please don't start!

Well don't worry kids! I'm sending the nuggets up tomorrow to spread Christmas cheer!  And if you want, you can help them.

Goodbye, everybody,  and Meeeeerry Christmas! 

Hey, that's alright, Cornwallis. The boys' animated movie will being back the spirit of Christmas.

Say, that sounds like a swell idea.  We can show everyone the true spirit of Christmas.

Okay! Boy, oh boy, this place suuure needs a lot of work.

Well, gosh, Eric, looks like you really have the Christmas spirit!  I know someone who can help. Santa Claus!

Simon's not so smart. He was born with a peanut in his head.

Kyle!  Howdy-ho. 

But son, you're a Hankey. We love Christmas!

Next stop, the North Pole!

Hi, Chef. Your big chocolate balls are just the trick! 

Howdy-ho, boys.

Well, that was a nice little song, wasn't it? But let's not forget that for some people Christmas is about the birth of Jesus. So now, here's a more serious Christmas song, sung by Eric Cartman.

Hooowdy ho! 

Oh, that's no problem! We just need a little Christmas magic.  All aboard the Poo Choo Express!

Gosh. I guess I don't know my own strength. 

Becomes the grass of tomorrow

What's all the ruckus?

Well, I guess that's about the end of my Christmas album. Gosh! It was sure nice hangin' out with y'all again. Well, I guess if there's just... one thing I have left to say, it would be this:
Have yourself a merry little Christmas
May your heart be light
From now on, our troubles will be out of sight.
Have yourself a merry little Christmas
Make the Yuletide gay. 
From now on, our troubles will be miles away.

Good luck, Kyle. And we'll have that projector workin'! Don't you worry! 

It's my fault. All my fault. I got everyone's hopes up.

Woohoo! Golly, that sure was fun. But now, for our next song, hold on to your bootstraps, 'cause we're gonna descend down into Hell!

Hooowwwdy ho! 

It's completely destroyed! There's nothin' I can do!

All right!

And washin' behind your ears?

Boys, I want you to meet my wife. Autumn.

Hoowwddyy ho! 

Good job, Amber. Now this place is starting to look Christmasy 

Kyle.

Oh, I just got a little cold is all. All these new people in South Park are stressful on my home.

We need to see Santa right away on urgent Christmas business.

O-kay! 

What are you doin', Santa?

I reckon this could be a job for Mr. Hankey!  STOP FIGHTING!!

Aw I can't. The sun'll dry me out.

I brought some friends with me.

Uh, folks, please. Little towns like this simply aren't made for friggin' films. We love havin' visitors, but golly, too many of you is hurtin' our ecosystem. Be-sides, folks, film festivals shouldn't be about what celebrities are comin' or what film is gonna get sold. It should be about people gettin' together, and watchin' movies, and about people who could never get their movies seen havin' a chance to have it watched, if only once. A good film festival should be something where we all say, "Gaw, let's forget about lawyers and managers and studios and celebrities. Let's forget all those things for just a while, and just watch some new art." 

All the way and back!

Howdy-ho, folks. I'm afraid my buddy Kyle was right. There's not enough room in South Park to accommodate a festival.

Nyyaarrrr!

Howdy-ho!

Oh, Kyle. Howdy-ho.  Well, how did it go? Is everyone gonna stop poopin' in my environment?

Sure. We should take this stuff to him right away!

Start the sleigh!

All ready for Christmas?

Don't forget to change your sheets once a week! 

Hey, that's right. Jesus can save anybody.

That was delicious.

I'll help you, Santa!

Wha- why do you, why do you have to say things like that in front of people?

Howdy ho, Santa!

Howdy ho, Jesus. 

Aw, gee, that's too bad.

Come. You have to meet the little nuggets, too. Kids!  This is our son, Cornwallis.

Nothin', Simon.

Oh, big secret! Everyone can tell they're made of silicorn!

They're not real, you know.

Ky-yle!

Howwwwdy-hoooo.  Howdy-ho, Kyle. Gosh, you're looking swell.

Ky-yle!

Howdy-ho, Chef!

More soldiers are coming!

Oh. I, I see. Welluh shucks, Kyle, I can't thank you enough for tryin' 

Closer!  One time, when you were sleeping, I put myself in your mouth and had my friend take a picture. 

Honey, can we go inside for a second?  Well, it's decided, kids. Tomorrow we're gonna bring back the spirit of Christmas!

That's it. Santa's Fortress of Solitude. 

Have you all been brushing behind your teeth?

I know, Kyle. I've just been awfully busy with my family.  Honey!

Aw, that was just a stupid song, Cornwallis! I was jus' tryin' to get you to stop your bitchin'

HOWDY HO!
I'm Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo.
Season's greetings to all of you.
Let's sing songs and dance and play 
Now, before I melt away 
Here's a game I like to play:
Stick me in your mouth and try to say,

There is a-nother Sky-walk-er. 

It certainly doesn't seem very Christmasy of them.

Hey, it looks like Santa has already made it to Baghdad. 

Let's go, Poo Choo Train! 

Hoooowwwwwdy-ho!!!  Howdy, folks.  Gosh you sure do smell all nice and flowery.

I couldn't have done it without you, Kyle.  Kisses. 

Oh, no I'm fine, Kyle.

Hooowwwdy ho! 

Howdy-ho!

...Now come on, son. Don't be so down.

Gosh, look at yuh. You're all growin' up sho fasht.

Here we are, kids. The North Pole. 

And our son, Simon.

Mmmrrr-aaarrrggghhh!!! 

These new folks in town eat nothin' but cous cous, tofu, and raw vegetables, and it's destroying my environment.

It sure is -dry up here. 

Come on, gang, don't fight.  You people focus so hard on the things wrong with Christmas that you've forgotten what's so right about it.  Don't you see?  This is the one time of year we're s'posed to forget all the bad stuff, to stop worrying and being sad about the state of the world, and for just one day say, "Aw, the heck with it!  Let's sing and dance and bake cookies" 

Christmastime has come!

Now you put that vase down! Put that vase down! That's a very expensive vase!  Don't you throw that vase! 

There's only one time of year I can come to the surface, and that's Christmastime. That's why I need you boys to go for me. 

Just like your heart beats without you thinking about it, so, too, your giraffes and your humans do what they do without you even thinkin' about it. But it is all one life form. It is all...  you.

Folks'll gather round the fire
sing a song, stroll the choir
Pretty song they'll all retire
And I'll say 'Howdy-ho' 

Gee whiz, things sure look Christmasy out here. What are you boys doin'?

We're having a talk, honey.

Not real? Well shucks.  If I weren't real, could I sing this jolly Christmas song? 
Santa Claus is on his way
He's loaded goodies on his sleigh
To drop them off on Christmas Day''
And I'll say 'Howdy-ho' 

All right, just let me get my toothbrush. 

But I won't last long up above.

Clo-ser.

Well, you see, boys, the sewer is a fragile ecosystem.

Santa's loaded up his sleigh
flying around his merry way...

Wake up.

Son...  You're the smartest piece of crap since Albert Poodinger! Come on! 

Hoowwddy ho!  Down here!

Cornwallis, we've got to go fix up the drive-in.

I'm sorry, Kyle. I really thought my idea would work for you.

Howdy-ho.

That's why, Kyle. That's why.

No, I'm not leaving without you.  We started this together, we're gonna finish it together. 

My family and I are here to get the drive-in ready for the biig movie.

Boys, I uh, I'm s-, I'm sorry.

