Get around th' side there, Ned. I can't get a shot in from here.

How could Family Guy do that?

I don't know. I guess we'll see.

Alright, I'll call. Forty-five to you Ned.

I can't tell; let's kill it!

Give me some more s'more schnapps! I'm gonna be sick.  Blouach.

What the hell's wrong with you? Can't you have a little alcohol?  Christ, look at that little bastard go!  Now you see that Stan? Now, now that is a dirty little bastard!

Good work, Ned. Now they won't starve.

Man, that guy is a jerk. 

Uh, I don't feel nothin'.

We're all with you, Jesus! We put every dime we have on you beatin' that Dark Prince. 

Ey, General, he's reenacting Jefferson Davis! You can't talk that way to a superior officer!

Heh, I am stoned off my ass!

We thought you did.

Well, it appears as though a lot of you "skeptics" thought that the film we showed of the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka was a fake. That you say it didn't harm anybody. Well, it just so happens that we just received another film from another anonymous viewer.  Roll it!  There you go! Proof that not only is this frog real, but it is doing harm to the people of South Park as we speak!

Oh. Well, does Mr. Denkins know you're usin' his pony? He shoots trespassers on sight, you know.

Let's get him! 

Mayor, shouldn't we be focusi--

Well, I don't think those are problems  that some Tijuana bottle rockets can't solve!

Calm down, soldier! We need every person here to keep his head! Barbrady, fetch some straws.

No. We can't be.

Great speech!

Alrighty everyone. We just have a few things to go over before we head out to the reenactment battlefield.  First of all, I have great news. There are over 200 folks from around the state that have come to see this year's reenactment, and that's the best turnout ever!

This is about history, kids.  If you don't have respect for your past, then you can never expect to- BIRD!  -then you can never expect to have a future. Nowadays, everyone wants to change mascots and flags because they're not  "politically correct." Well, where does it end? I mean, people are gonna start sayin' that the Denver Broncos are offensive to horses. And then we'll have to- a SQUIRREL!  And then we'll have to change everything, and pretty soon all our history will be forgotten. But to REALLY understand the South Park's flag's importance, you need to know about South Park's history. Ned here's a big history buff, and he can tell you the whole story. Ned?

Oh, why can't we all live at the mall?!

They've been goin' at it for a good thirty minutes.

Well, uh I guhess one little cheers is in order.

Eh, you wanna beer or something, Cotswolds?

Hey, everybody, look who's here! The AFC Champion Denver Broncos! 

Oh, hell, I have to run home and get my broom!

I guess we drank it all.

Then we only have one option. 

Lincoln and Davis signed the treaty, General. The war is over.

So why don't we all say that we want the flag changed. That way, most folks'll vote to keep it the way it is.

...Ghosts?

Well we don't know what else to do, Mayor!

It shows how beautiful the innocence of a child really is. 

Nope. He's gay.

All right, looks like we'll have to apply the Oppenheimer technique with Tweek here. 

Like what?

It's a power outage!

Nonsense! Not with my nephew at quarterback. Right Stanley?

What the hell's going on here? 

Oh my God!  Well, don't worry boys, Uncle Jimbo is on the case.  Buckle your seat belt, Ned.

Yeah, it's almost like something funny's going on.  Christ, Ned, what'd you have for breakfast.

Here's the same gun, with a wood finish.

Yeah? Well, I don't think the bus station is too far from here.

Well boys, I'm sorry I got you all killed. 

'Loving You'? That's perfect! Come on Ned, Middle Park's gonna get a Halftime show they'll never forget.

Well, all right. Ned, get the Mayor on the phone, tell her that we... hoh yeah, he can't talk. All right, never mind, I'll do it.

You can't shoot someone who threatens you just out on the street. Well unless of course you're in a state that has a "stand your ground" law.

That's right, Jesus. No respect for their elders. As some of you may know, I host a local show on hunting.  Thanks. We've been hunting the Mexican staring frog for a week based on some video footage we received from a viewer. Well, it turns out that these kids faked the footage!

What the hell is this trench doing here?!? We can't get across!

Uh oh.

There it is!  Hey, hey! I saw it first! I get the first shot!  Here, turkey turkey. 

Hold on, I'll get my shotgun! Ned! Ned, come on!  Where did it go?

Aaaaahh.

Well Chef, you're welcome to stay with me until you buy another house.

SURRENDER YOUR MEN, GENERAL!

What a beautiful morning for fishing. There's one, there's a fish right there! 

Old fool went down to the OC to try to reason with the other team, and he got served up somethin' fierce.

Yeah! The last thing these people want is a bleedin'-heart rock protest song!

Hhud. I don't feel... hello... wait... wait... 

Well, sure, Vietnam was fun. But not like goin-to-the-circus fun, or fly-fishin-in-Montana fun. No, Vietnam was more like shovin' shards of broken glass up your ass and then sittin' in a tub of Tabasco sauce fun.

Whoa, man.

Alright, Ned. Now we're coming up to the American border. They can't know that we have fireworks in the trunk. Just let me do the talking.  I guess that goes without saying, doesn't it? 

Mr. Garrison, those are great pants.

By God, he's right!

It's true, she did. Hu-I'm such a tool.

Yeah. I know.

It's him! The Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka. He's right over there on that rock.

Yepper, that's where me and Ned met.

Wow! Do we got more money?

What are we gonna do, Mayor? This killer is on the loose!

Yeah, I've been reenacting this war for 22 years now. And for 22 years us Confederate reenactors have had to spend the evening being ridiculed and made fun of by the Union reenactors! Well, I'm sick of it!

Would you look at that, Ned? That's a Tijuana bottle rocket! These babies have enough power to blast a fiery hole right through the ozone.

C'mon, let's move, move!

Daaagh!

But then you had us do all that for nothin'. Don't you see: If you get rich sellin' these homes, then there will still be rich people in South Park.

How come you're not blowin' things up? It's summer.

Garrison? That's impossible. He's gay.

Damn it Stan, you shouldn't have done that!

What?!

How do you tell him? "Hey Gerald, Sorry, but the UPS man is bangin' your wife." It's really none of our business.

Yep, there goes the neighborhood. 

Comin' up next, we're gonna drop some napalm on an unsuspecting family of beavers. And also, try to thin out the numbers of some endangered species.

Please. Don't let them ruin our town.

They're dead, mayor. They're all dead. 

South Park Cows do it again!

Hey Randy, can I borrow your uh...  What the hell are they doing?

Damn! Damn! I always get that question wrong!

Close the door! 

So long as they're threatening you.

Well, I guess uh Fort Sumter in South Carolina. That's where the Civil War really escalated.

All right, damn it! We're not going to stand for this! Now, whoever stole our golden cow memorial, we're gonna find you and kill you!  Aall right, uhow about this? Whoever took the sacred cow, just please return 'im, and there'll be no questions asked.  Wait a minute. You folks from out of town. You're the only ones with a reason to take our beloved cow memorial! 

Randy! Jesus, Randy. Your balls!

Quick Ned, shoot it!

Well-uh... I think I'll-uh uuduh-I think I left the oven on.

Oo what's a Radiohead?

You boys go make me proud now and win that debate- Chris Peterson!  God-damnit, we missed him again!

Alright, Ned. We've got to be careful. These are really evil men we're dealing with.

Anonymous tip?

Randy! Randy, you've got to get out of here! If they just trample this park, we'll be trapped! It's too dangerous!

You what?!?

Ned, I think I can say without any doubt that that was the longest drinking binge we've ever had.

Arrgh-ha-ha-ha! Now, isn't that great?  We have a terrific show for you today: we're gonna kill some elk, and we're gonna kill some mountain goats. Now, the new law passed by Colorado legislature, which Ned and I call "Pussy Law #4", states that we can no longer kill animals in defense.
("PUSSY LAW #4"
NO ANIMAL SHALL BE HARMED,
EVEN IN SELF DEFENSE, UNLESS
SPECIFIC LICENSE AND SEASON IS
IN ORDER. SELF DEFENSE CAN ONLY
BE JUSTIFIED BY EXTREME, PROVABLE
PERIL AND OR DOCUMENTED VISIBLE
BODILY HARM.)
In other words, our old line of, "It's comin' right for us"--

Hehehaahaa, hey, stop-drop-and roll Ned. Haaahaaaaahaha!! 

Yeah. Titties and beer.

Don't change history!

Awwww.

Everyone get your hybrid and meet at Dawson's! 

Forward! 

You got it...

You know what? I'll bet we could take Topeka right now and clear them all around!

Ah I hate when the Mayor uses Christmas for her own political agenda.  Light the damn tree!

Man, it is about to get crazy up in here.

You damn kids!

...And with that, let's all go to Tamarack Hill and put on a good show!

Stay out of this, Gerald! Some men care about what their wives are doing!

Hey! Who's that?!

Wait, there's a ram! It's coming right for us!  Nice shootin' Kenny. Here, you need a bigger gun.

Hello, fellow hunters. Have we got a show for you today.  The Mexican staring frog is sunning itself on a rock directly behind us.  We've got to take the frog by surprise. I'm gonna create a diversion using this incendiary device  while Ned will ambush him from the rear.  Now, Ned! He's not looking!  Quick, Ned, hit him with the shotgun! Now, Ned!  Ned. Ne-ed?  Oh, no!  Come on, Ned, buddy, snap out of it!  Come back to me, buddy.

You can do it, kid! You can do it!

Yepper, but I think we've learned some important lessons Ned I think that- 

All right, everyone get in and get a seal on that door!

Well, I tell you what: we may not have Elway this year, but Brister won every game he started in last year.

Well, John Stamos' older brother is all set to sing 'Loving You' during halftime. We want that bomb to go off when he hits that high F.

Protect... the Denver Broncos.

This calls for some HJ-14.

Lookie, Ned, there's some deers!  Quick, Ned! Thin out their numbers!

"Don't Sue People" Panda? 

And now, to clarify how the reenactment should unfold, let's bring up our master historian, Grandpa Marvin Marsh,  the only man old enough to have actually seen the Civil War... reenactment of 1924.

Hey everybody! AIDS is finally funny!

Well that guy's just plain nuts.

Keep your guard up, Tweek! 

Aaaaahh.

Well, that does it! Let's go tell everyone from Jersey we don't want 'em here!

Well you can come to our side of town to use the post office and we can go to your side to use the grocery store.

Well, come on, guys. If I'm not mistaken, we still have someone to duct-tape to the flagpole!

Whoa, look out! 

Hey Ned, look what I bought you! A new voice box!  You want it? You want it? Yeah! Do you? Yeah! You want it? All right, here you go.  Well, try it out!

Alright Richard!

Oh, no!

Give you a taste of your own medicine, you little fibber!

What?!

Damnit Ned, doesn't that thing have a volume control?

The kindergarten teacher is suspected of having sex with a student

We just encourage them to find someplace better.

Oh. I don't take kindly to rich folk. Neither does Ned.

Are we sure it's Scuzzlebutt?

What the hell are you talking about, you don't want to shoot the bunny? You're babbling, you're not making any sense, you're hysterical.

Good! Now kick his balls!  There, see? You've got him coughing up blood.

My best friend is a vegetable, and I'm gonna be the laughingstock of South Park!

And that's the way it happened, boys.

Hell, everything's legal in México. It's the American way. 

Did you see that?! I was imperiled by that ferocious, charging buck.

Roger.

Well, son, I think you have a pretty stupid plan there.

Wow!

Aw, hell, uh I've done it too. With Cameron here. 

Yep.

Quick Ned, shoot it!

Alright, then.  Wait, why the hell are you trainin' Denkins' pony to bite off someone's penis?

Well, stop it! 

This year is a very special Cow Days because we are revealing our all-new Cow Memorial!  Which will live forever in South Park from this day forth. Release the curtain! 

So, whatever side we're on is the side that's gonna lose, right?

What do we do, General? We're outnumbered.

No.

Ned, for Christ's sake, stop jackin'!

But Kenny's dead now, Stan, and you're always going to be my nephew. And you can't just kill anything. You understand?

Boy. You must really wanna take to to those Orange County kids now, huh, Stan?

...You mean a person who's threatening you?

We got it! The fort is ours! 

Pass me some more cocoa, will you, Ned?

No way! He barely touched him!

Fire in the hole!

Wait a minute! Where the hell is the short one?

Yep.

I just came from Will Patterson's house! His mother got three packages from Amazon! And the UPS guy told her what he'd like to do to her!

Look, if you wanna get revenge on somebody, you've gotta think like a hunter. 

There's only one answer: eat Eric Roberts. 

Well, let's kill it.

Goddamnit Ned, I just got that van. How the hell are we supposed to get home?

Come on, Ned! We've got to get our asses to the bookie! 

Fourteen?! 

Ned, look.  They've got Enrique on their sideline, and it looks like that bomb's still attached.

What? What is it?

Chef, what about the baseball team, the Cleveland Indians, huh? Should they change their name because it's racist?

Excuse me, Mayor, but I just received some news that you might all be interested in.  Our South Park Cows have just beaten the Washington dodgeball team, and are on their way to the world championship in China. 

Charge!

Pussies?! Oh yeah?! Men! It's time to show the world what the Confederate Army has got! We're gonna take Topeka once and for all!

Nice thinking, young hunter.

Fire! 

Okay, that's enough o' that! You cows need to dis-perse!  All right, bad cows! Do you hear me? Bad cows!  All right, Ned. You're gonna have to bust out the whip!

Well, we'll be doing plenty of drinking on this trip; After all, hunting sober is like … fishing … sober. It sure will be nice to get out of the city for a while, away from civilization.

Hey, look out son, that's dangerous. You're gonna spill your beer.

You boys don't understand. Ned was so freaked out by the idea of the Mexican staring frog that he must have sent himself into a deep coma.

Aw, he'll be fine. I'll just take him home and show him some good hard-core porn, he'll snap right out of it. Won't you, Ned? 

How come they just let that Bono guy send a picture of his crap?

So how do we do that?

Why the hell not? We're at war.  Hey, you know those things are bad for your throat.

O-kay.

That's it. Thaaat's it! 

Step 1: Find someone's weakness. Step 2: Exploit that weakness.

And I'm telling you it WON'T!

I see 'em! Drop the bomb!

Well, Ned, looks like we missed Fourth of July again.

Hey there, boys!

--risking life and limb as we go on location to hunt the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka. Join us, won't ya?

You see… Ned picked up the grenade and… BOOM, blasted his arm clear off. We spent three hours looking for that damn arm, but it was never to be found. Some say it's still crawling around to this day.

You hear that, cows? You're surrounded! There's no way out!

You sent in those videos?!

I hope so, Mayor. I hope so. Uhud I need a cold beer and a burger.  What's all the ruckus over there? 

Boys, looky there. That there's a Rocky Mountain black bear …one of the few remaining of its kind. Isn't it beautiful… By God, it's coming right for us! 

You heard the General.

Hey, now that's not true. My shoes don't say I pound butt.

Ned, I'm starting to think that maybe history ain't worth defendin' sometimes.

They did it!

Tough love, Mr. Mackey. We're taking you to rehab.

We have to give in to their demands.

No, young hunter. I mean, what do you see? You must learn all you can about your kill.

I'll tell you why. Because he's on drugs and worships the devil!

Aw, I forgot all about them.

Hit the deck! 

Let's go thirty one! Let's see it! 

Can I help you?

Okay, how about this?

Kern.

Holy smokes, that blizzard is getting crazy!

I remember I had just gotten off the Ferris wheel.

Aw, why don't you go to a Grateful Dead concert? 

Careful with those, now, those are dangerous.  Point 'em away from your eyes, now.

Can I help you?

See now with a "stand your ground" law, you could legally shoot somebody that's threatening you whether they're in your house or not.

You just keep all your flag burnin' and your hippie-rock protest songs on YOUR side o' the town!

Huh, cut it out, Ned! That's just disgusting!

Come on! We gotta buy more duct tape.

Come on everybody, let's do the Drunken Barn Dance! 

They say we can't shoot certain animals anymore, unless they're posing an immediate threat. Therefore, before we shoot somethin', we have to say 'It's coming right for us.'

Oh Jesus, it's burning! Oh my God!

Hey, aren't those the people we at first thought took the wooden cow?

Holy crow. Look, boys! A real live wild turkey!  It's tryin' to outsmart us! Come on, fellas! 

He didn't sing the high F.

Alright, you want a rifle!  well, like this .22 caliber.  What is it you intend to shoot?

Well, we draw straws.

Thanks. 

Mhmm Ned, that voice box sucks!

Well, Jesus, I definitely learned my lesson. Neeever bet on evil, 'cause when you d- Ned! Look, there's a rare duck-billed platypus!  Ih-it's comin' right for us! 

Kyle, Kyle, he's our man. If he can't win it, I'm out 50 bucks.

And I say it's high time we kicked some ass! Who's with me?!

Huh? Uh hey now, uh. We don't want your support. We're not racists; this is about history.

Holy Crow! I've never seen anything like it!

Yeah.

Holy crap, Ned! That's the biggest Goddamned deer I have ever seen!

I'm sorry, Stan. I was just trying to tell a good story. I never meant for you boys to get in trouble.

Hey, Ned. Remember that time when we got the anonymous tip back in 'Nam?

You what??

That is the most insane thing I've ever seen. I can't believe those people are on our side. I mean, is our side that crazy?  Oh, hello, Chef. Big debate tomorrow, I guess.  Oh, Jesus, the robes! Chef, this isn't what it looks like. You've gotta listen to us!

Here he comes!

You guys shoulda seen the crap Randy took last night! It was honestly, the biggest crap anyone has ever taken. Ever.

Well, be sure to join us next time. Until then...
We're so glad you spent your time with us
While we slaughtered our way through nature's guts
Come again and stay a while
We'll kill a lot more living things to make them bleed

We've been way too divisive over this, Chef. Maybe we can come up with a- compromise flag—something that everybody can be happy with.

Hey Ned, hand me that gin.  You boys want to tie one on?

Here you go.  Wow, those are great. Maybe I should go grab some beers, Ned. Ned, what- a-are you jackin' it?

He casually dropped this on his way out! 

Hey everyone, you need to see this! 

Aw, look at 'em, Ned. Look how much happiness a little firepower can bring to a child.

Now, Tweek, boxing is a Man sport. There is nothing in the world more Man than boxing. It is Man at his most Man. So when you spar with Ned here, just dig deep into that most Man part of you.

God damn, I love football!

Maybe he really is stupid, Randy.

Yes.  I mean, no! No!

Yes! Oh my God!

Well thanks, Officer Dickhole!

That lava's coming right for us!! 

Okay, everybody! It's time for the Running of the Cows! 

Yo necesito el fireworko spectacularrrr.

Hwell... maybe a little. But we're all a little gay.

Hey, there's Cotswolds. Come on! Let's duct-tape him to the flagpole!

Alrighty then! May I suggest a Stratford 12mm? Here, try it on!  That looks really nice on you. The lacquered black really matches your eyes.

Aghh! What the hell are you doing? I almost looked right at it!

What?

What happened, Glen?

You know, Loving you is easy 'cause you're beautiful doo-nn-doo-nn-doo-doo... Aaaaah

Ned, we are going to get our asses kicked.

That's a lot of lead, Mr. Director. I don't eat pretty, but if a few of us must die so the rest can stay alive, so be it.

Jimminy Hope, it's the real Scuzzlebutt!

What the? What's wrong with you?

Buenos dias, mi amigo. Yo soy un Americano espectacularrr.

Hello there, Enrique.

There's a murderer free in South Park. We have to find out who it is before they kill again.

Oh, ho, that's disgusting.

I wanna change my bet to Satan.

Well, it's snowing black ash, but what the hell. 

Well, what are we waitin' for? Let's kill it! 

That worked perfectly, Ned.

I uh... Well, okay, I might have embellished the truth a little, but that's different.

Hold onto your butts.  Take that, you demon frog!  Ned, Ned? Can you hear me?  Quick! Somebody, call an ambulance! This man is catatonic!

Good luck!

Ccchhhhaaaarrrrggggeeee!

Middle Park by 70 points.

How do you know that, Ms. Broflovski? 

Aw, come on. Have a little sip. 

Fire away, we have nothing to hide.

That war was hell on everybody. 

Wow, look at that! The entire state of South Carolina showed up! 

Well, we can all be friends now.  Come on, Randy. Have some s'more schnapps. 

What the hell's goin' on?!

Hey!

Hey, how's practice coming there Chef?

Come on, Randy, what do you say?!

Aw, Ned, don't burp-talk. That just sicks me out.

Well, come on everybody. We've got to get to the nearest bus station, quick.

See ya, Cotswolds.  Thanks for stopping by.

Well,  we're not going anywhere for a loong time.

And you saw it here, on The Jimbo and Ned Show.

A ladder tuh... Oh... oh God. 

Dear God, they're bigger than I ever imagined!

The jakovasaurs would have gone extinct if we hadn't interfered. Because their particular form of life simply wasn't practical.

Where is he?!

No, sir.

We followed blindly for thousands of years and we think the least God can do is show up for New Year's Eve 1999!

Bye-bye!

Well, Ned, looks like we'll have to use the old Indian fire trick.

Quick, Ned! This is our chance! The Hummer's outside!

I don't have to remind you just how important this game is to us South Park Alumni.

Me??

Yeah, I just wanted to  try to set an example, you know?

I have to admit it, that is a lot nicer.

Don't worry Mrs. Cartman, we'll take good care of him. I brought my old war buddy Ned to keep things safe.

Well can't we stop them? Let's call the bank.

All o' you men. You may have lost in the Union today, but join us now and win back your pride!

To buy fireworks. Just 'cause some kid blew off his hands doesn't mean the rest of us have to suffer, now, does it?

I'll bet we could, too! 

Ohho, it's a deer. Looks like about a .46 gauge, Ned. It's coming right for us!  

Hah, got ya.

Aw, nuts! Come on, Ned, this ain't no whore house, it's a hor-ROR house.

Don't feel too bad there, kid. I never knew who my father was either. I mean, I did know who he was and well, we had some great times together in huntin' and fishin' whe-well, hell, you know what I mean. 

He's right! The turd could have been put there to cover up 9/11!

Boy, we really got the President by the balls. Good thing you have that videotape of him and Marisa Tomei.

Dumb-ass! You've got to keep your eyes away from him!  Stay down. Ned, you take flight position; I'll try and keep it turned away from you.

Ned, how the hell could you lose your voice box?!  I can't hear you, Ned. You don't have a trachea. You smoked too much and you had it removed. And then you drank too much and you lost your god-damned voice box, Ned!

Sure! When it comes to spelling bees, always bet on the Jew.

Hey! There's some more schnapps over here!

Hey Ned, why don't you whip out the ol' cancer kazoo? Let's do a little song.

Uh Professor, we all just thought of somethin'. If everyone has their head buried by the person standing to their left, then who's gonna bury the last person's head?

They don't?!

The lava's comin' right for us!

Let's hunt!

It's ours, it's ours! We've taken Topeka!

I think we should switch sides!

México, my amigo.

Punch him in the balls, Tweek!! 

Jimminy Hope, it's the real Scuzzlebutt!

It is amazing what people can do under stress. Just look at the pyramids. Nobody knows how they built those, or who.

Would this be for hunting, home protection, or other?

Uh, for what?

We're goin' home kid. Come on. 

No.

Oh, lookie who's here. My little nephew Stanley.  So, you're interested in your Uncle Jimbo's big TV show, huh?

Randy? Randy, what happened?

Give 'em hell Stanley!  Jesus, now I haven't asked you for much, but all we need is one little score. Please? Please, Jesus?

These look like its tracks. He must have gone this way. Ned, prepare some HK-12 and some plasticine. I'll bet that sucker's headed for a higher elevation. The higher up it- BIRD!!  The higher up it goes, the better it can breathe.

We'll give the storm another hour. After that, we might have to eat again.

Well, here we are. Okay, each of you young 'uns take a gun, a beer and some smokes.

Ned, nobody's gonna vote for our side if it's the side those KKK members are on. Come on, we gotta put a stop to them.

I hope you all realize what we might be facing here.  Our only option might be to... eat each other to stay alive. 

Great, we...

Come on Ned, we gotta get our asses to the bookie.

I want $500 on the South Park Cows.

That'll be Tom Cruise... 

Alrighty everyone.  We're going to do the entire reenactment again, because of some confusion over the bell. Now, I know you're just trying to help Eric, but we have to let the Union capture the bell this time.

Medic! 

Dammit, Barbrady! When you draw straws, you're supposed to have one of them short! That's how you decide who loses!

Thatta boy.

It's a long shot.

Welcome, hunters. Boy, have we got a show for you today! We have just received a tape from another viewer who filmed the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka right here in South Park.

Yes?  Dammit! I got it wrong again! What's the answer again?  Holy smokes! What the hell is that?

That's the spirit, kiddo. Let's hunt!

It's like some mystical evil force.

Dammit! Those poor kids must have been so disappointed to have nothin' but them stupid wussy snakes to light.

Come on, Randy. You have to push! 

This is all Stan's fault! He wrote that gay little song and got us to drive those damned hybrids!

Yeehaw!

That sure was a great hunting trip. We saved those deer from extinction.

Uhhhh... Thanks?

Alrighty. Tweek, my little nephew Stanley has asked me to teach you the fine points of boxing.

Hey, look! Ned's doin' his trick again! 

What?

Yes, now we're about to roll the film, but remember: if you look the Mexican staring frog in the eyes, you could go catatonic. We don't know if this applies to pictures of the frog or not, but who wants to take chances? So when we roll this film, be sure to look away.  Okay, roll the film, Tom.  Is it over? Okay, it's over.  Well, there you have it. Undeniable proof that the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka exists.

Yeah. You know, uh I suddenly found myself on the side of Klan members. I've never had anything against blacks, Chef.

God wants you to live, Mayor. Fight! 

Anything else?

On what?

No siree. I'm telling you, I got the line. My nephew Stan is the best quarterback the school has ever seen. I guarantee they'll beat the spread.

Shhh, not so loud. Now that there's just a technicality.

That's right, Stanley. Animals are much easier to shoot in the morning.

I guess we showed them!

...What??

Stan, some things you kill, and some things you don't. See?

Hell's bells.

We'll never give up! You bastards!

Hehe, yeah. Don't- don't worry yourself.

Great instincts boy.

Hello there, fellow American. We're just anxious to get back to our homeland.

There there Randy, you... You gave it your best shot.

Why, you little piece of crap!

What??

Come on Ned, and keep quiet.

What?!  Is that a challenge?! I'll bet we can!

Broflovski, did you put this crap on my windshield?! 

Oh, boy, what a gorgeous day! 

Turkey shoot! 

The mountain! It's blown it's top! 

Who? The fat kid?

You see boys, the Democrats have passed a lot of laws trying to stop us from hunting.

Don't change history!

Ey, that's not fair! You can't let home-schooled kids into a public-school spelling bee!

Well, you should be fine so long as the person breaks into your house and is an immediate threat to you.

Yeah. Let's get that luggage packed!

Now boys, boys, ah-I need to get serious for a minute. I want you to understand a few basic rules of hunting, since this is your first time. First, don't ever walk with your gun unless the safety's on. Second, don't shoot anything that looks human, and third, never spill your beer in the bullet chamber.

Holy smokes! Play dead, Ned!

Lowercase "t"?

Let's move, moove! 

I don't know.

It's the boys! They've modified a bus to get us out of here!

What..?

Heh, I don't think I've ever seen a kid as cool as you Kenny. I'm making you... my honorary nephew.

Huwell, uh he's got a point there.

What we'll have to do here Carl is put a trigger on that bomb that makes it go off at a specific moment during halftime.

And now, time for Jimbo's Mysteries of the Unexplained.  One of our loyal viewers from South Park sent us some 8mm film of what he claims to be the Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka. Now, as you all know, the Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka can supposedly kill you with one horrid gaze. If a person even so much as looks into the frog's eyes, they can be paralyzed, or even die. And this film proves that that frog may very well exist.  Now watch carefully, you're gonna see the Mexican staring frog.  There! There, did you see it? Roll that back again!  Now, freeze it!  Well, I'd like to know what all you skeptics have to say now! What do you think, Ned?

No, I mean, your actual balls!

Okay, everybody, okay. Settle down. Now I know you're all anxious to get to the Running of the Cows, BUT, let me remind you: those brave souls who have decided to run against the cows through town do so at their own risk. I don't think I have to remind you that three people died in last year's Running of the Cows.  With that said, let's rock and roll!  Everybody ready to run?  Release the cows!  They're loose! 

Yeah!

Well Ned, we always kidnapped Middle Park's mascot. But this year we're gonna booby-trap it instead.  And when John Stamos' older brother hits that high F in Loving You, Boom!  No more Middle Park players. 

Let's go!

Don't do it, Randy. If Muhammad is seen, we could get bombed.

There he is! Kill him! Kill him!  Oh, wait, that's not him. 

Atta boy! Now quick, get him again while he's down! 

Hey, government! You can't ignore our anguished cries anymore! You hear that?! You Government?! 

Well, sure. I mean, eh...  Well, no uh, I guess not.

Not that sure. I think we better come up with a backup plan. Uhh, let's see here. Hey, bookie! Wha- what's the halftime show gonna be?

We have to have the energy to make it through the night. We have to eat.

Oh, no, I must have picked up the Irish model by mistake.

We cannot change the South Park flag, Mayor!

Wuh. Well, 'cause we're supposed to lose.

What?! Give me those!  Holy crow, he's right, Ned! Mrs. Tenorman's lettin' the twins out!

Alright, let's do it.

All right!

Um, sure.  What the-? Ey, where's the s'more schnapps?

Everyone. Everyone, listen. FOX Network censored the image of Mohammad at the last minute.

You little bastard, you cost me fifty bucks.  Why don't you run away and join the circus, you stupid little son of a bitch?! Aaargh!

Alright. So far, everybody has a long piece of straw. We'll keep drawing.  Whew.

Uh, well, he couldn't have gone far, unless something drug him off.

Hey, Ned! A package came for you today from Voice Box Express.

What the hell?!

What in Sam Hell?

That's as far as most of us got. You think we have a shot at beating the spread against Middle Park this year?

Huh?

Yeah, I wanted to order that theft alarm for my IT.

Whoa, whoa, whoa. Don't get too carried away now...

That's the spirit boys, let's get that testosterone flowin'.

Well, enough of the lectures. let's get to boxing. 

Alright, here's the plan. All we gotta do is volunteer to chaperone the dance tomorrow. 

Yeah. How many rich people does it take to screw in a light bulb? None! They can hire people to do it for them! 

Damn it, I think I missed

I remember back in the day, RICH folk weren't alLOWED in South Park! Now thery're movin' here in droves!

Chef, I respect you very much, but you have to understand that this has been the South Park flag since some of our ancestors, like my great-grandfather, founded this land!

The last three are getting away, shoot 'em Ned. 

We shouldn't be fighting amongst ourselves, we should be uniting against metrophobes like these!

Let's say they should change the flag!

Damn, Ned, I've never seen that much cash.

..."but Ponyboy was beat up pretty bad. He kept saying, 'stay gold.'"  Aw, Ned. If you can hear me, y-you've got to snap out of it, 'cause if you don't, uh-I'll never forgive myself.  Aw, Stanley, he's gone! My only friend in the world is gone!

Surrender your men, general!

Kenny, you take the front.

Huh??

Who is that?! 

Nice plan, kid, except there's one giant flaw. That hippie crowd is massive! How the hell are we supposed to get through it and reach the stage?

They're in!

Aaarrrggghh-- Oh no! Out of ammo!  We did it, Ned! We killed the entire Vietcong Army!

No!

Oh, was that it? Was that it?!

Get outta the way, you damn hippie!

All right, that's fine! Because our war support songs will be a thousand times better!

Yeah!!!

Buenos gracias, boys.

Now that is a man who has eaten a lot of beef!

Oh, now, why the long faces?

All right! Well, I think we got what we wanted.

That's us!

What gives them the right to shoot down our drones?!

Aw, thank God you're alright, kid.  It was an accident, I swear. Uh, is there any way we can make it up to you?

Now remember, everybody: for a good reenactment we've got to pretend down to the last detail that we're really in the Civil War. So when the North wins, all of us on the Confederate side should act all bummed and depressed. 

Oho, it was awful!  Cow after cow taking its own life, and we could do nothing to stop them! Oh, God!

Holy crow! We could make a mint killing this thing.

Welluh, that sounds great. I'm gonna get some s'more schnapps. You want anything?

Yeah, it was like wrestling a Louisiana alligator, this thing. Put up one hell of a fight. 

Soon it was all on just me and Ned to win the war for America.

Ah hell, I guess we better go look for him. Ned, we got to cut it short. Fire out the 12-20!  Well, I think that's about the limit for our fishing permit.

Sounds like it ran into the ostrich trap!  Sshh. Now keep quiet. All right. I'm gonna turn my flashlight on. It may get startled, so be ready. 

I guess we learned our lesson: you can't fight rich folk; they're just too powerful.

Uh, that's okay, I'll stand.

