If we're gonna send him somewhere, it should be the most horrible, most miserable place on Earth.

Oh.  Oh!  Ihihit's meee-e! I'm, I'm I'm me again!  Oh my God I'm... all better. Thanks you guys.

Yeah. I'm cutting myself to hurt this worthless body that I'm in. 

Alright, look. The Necronomicon is an account of the Old Ones, their history, and the means for summoning them. 

I'm not a fucking emo! Don't you even know the fucking diff!

Go away Mom! Leave me alone!

Leave us alone!

I mean, what do you do when you want to change vampires back to normal? You get rid of the head vampire.

Let's go over there and tell them they're not taking Village In from us too.

What do you mean? Just the usual group therapy crap.

You guys, I do not wanna be grouped in with douchey, little vampire kids.

It was written by a mad prince who knew of the nightmare city of R'Lyeh, which fell from the stars and exists beneath the sea. And, in another dimension.

Fuck off, dork! I don't want you here!

Get away, douchebag.

Stop calling me a princess! I'm not a beauty queen in a Disney movie!

Did she step on your heart with stiletto heels?

For sure.

What?!

Nnnnoooo, there's an organic spore in my head that made me switch cliques so easily.

Whoa.

Get out of our space, you little twerps!

Hel-lo?! Somebody let me out of here! You can't treat people like this!  This is fucking ridiculous! What's wrong with you?! I'm gonna go to the fucking cops when I get out of here! 

Get out of my room, TWERP!

What do you mean? They couldn't do anything. They can't fix me. They don't even understand me. 

Hey guys. 

Nobody understands us. And they won't understand until it is faaar tooo late.

Shut up, Mom!

Shut up, Mom! Leave me alone, you conformist bag of demon jizz!

I wish there would just be an earthquake, so we could all die.

He must not have been what was causing it. It must be something else.

You should probably stop digging for answers.

Whoa. I think we just got put in our place.

Conformist bitch.

My dad is such an asshole. Drunken bastard doesn't even know I exist. But then he won't let me go to the Skinny Puppy concert because my heroine-addict aunt is coming over for dinner.  Dinner? That's a laugh. Just an excuse for my mom to bitch at me for not wearing girly clothes like all the Britney Spears wannabes at this school.

So I cast my body into the trails of blood.
The knife pierces deep, deep into my lonely eyes.
So I can see this black world... no more.

Oh, hey. 

Do I care?

That's ridiculous. I'm not anything. I don't fit in anywhere. I'm not emo, okay?

There's no winning this for you.  Soon the entire world will be emo. It is our time.

You kids need to all go put your freakin' Banana Republic clothes back on, right now!

Not now, Mom! Can't you see I'm hurting?!  I'm sorry I'm such a disappointment! Sorry I'm not the pretty cheerleader ya always wanted! 

Make it "I miss seeing you so much I wanna slash my eyes out with razor blades."

Are you guys getting into that Fall Out Boy concert?

Noo...

Yeah. I'm not conforming to some dance-off regulations.

What?!

That's how I feel, when my mother abuses me. I just wanna escape, to she can't hurt me anymore. 

It seems like that preppy Mike Makowski kid started all this. Maybe he's the way to stopping it.

Shallow life.
Drowning alone, I gasp for air.
Coldness creeps over pale skin.
There is sadness so deep it pulls me down
Happiness dies in a deep, dark sea.

Oh my Gawd.  This is so... em-barrassing.

The only thing that can destroy an immortal... is another immortal. 

Are we really doing this again?!

What's Betamax?

Go away Mom, I hate you.

So, my friends. Have you made the transformation?

Well, I think we all know what has to be done.

I'm not going to any fucking camp!

God, she just never stops!

I won't come back because I'll be fucking dead. I'll walk out of that camp and I'll walk the streets until I probably get picked up and gangbanged by criminals until I'm bleeding out my fucking eyes!!

Why are they all dressing like that all of a sudden?

