'Course he's wrong! And anyway, nobody except that little freak would ever say something like it to our faces!
Come on, we'll find the bastards who did this! 
Now I don't know about you, but I think this town is starting a trend. And if we let them officially change the meaning of "fag" from gay people to us, then soon every town might.  If we don't do anythng, we can end up trying to fight e-  If we don't do anything, we c-... Hey Bartlett. Bartlett!  I'm trying to talk, you fag!  Aw, see? Now they got us doin' it to ourselves! We gotta put a stop to this now!  We're going to ride into that town and kick some fuckin' ass! 
No, you're supposed to think we're not fags now!
I know, I know! Look, guys, I think I know what the problem is here.
Faggot, often shortened to fag, has been used in the English language since the late sixteenth century. Its original meaning was "an old or unpleasant woman".
You guys smell that? Smells like that new famous bowl at KFC
Hey you know what? If you call me fag in my face one more time, you'd better-
Faggot later was defined as a bundle of sticks. And in the nineteenth century, a faggot gatherer was someone who made a meager living gathering firewood.
So go ahead, America. Whenever you pass by Harley riders like us, roll down your window, and yell "Faggots!" All you kids out there, when you see us, walk up to us, and say "Hello, fags." No, really, we want you to. At least we're cool enough to embrace who we are. Right guys?
Well I think that- I think that you uh, you probably won't say it again.
That's all it is, guys. We just need to get a little louder, that's all. 
Later, the term "fag" was defined as any awkward bundle to be carried, and was often used as an insult to the elderly, as in calling them "baggage".
All right everyone, all right. We are fags. Yeah, we're fags. We're total fags. And yo know what? We like it.
In the early 1900s the word became a pe-jo-ra-tive term against homosexuals and transgender people in the United States.
Hooo! We were definitely turnin' some heads out there.
Well well. Now, do you think we're fags?
Ju-just ignore him!  God damn it, this is fucked up!
