I want all the servers dressed in skimpy outfits serving all the hors d'oeuvres.
Beelzeboot! Once again you lack any sense of nuance!
Nothing. I just- I'm just- really tired is all. Can we- just, please go to sleep?  Chris, seriously. I'm just tired, okay?
Yes it matters! I don't wanna do it if Diddy did it!
My fellow damned souls! Now is the time for our assault!  You know no fear! You will drink the blood of angels! We go now! Nothing can stop us!
God cast me down from heaven's door
To rule in Hell forevermore.
But now I'm kinda glad that I fell,
Ah—I'm sorry, Chris, it's... it's not you, really, it's, it's me.  You're the best thing that's ever happened to me, and for some reason, I just can't accept that. 
You have summoned the Prince of Temptation! For what purpose?!
Chris, I didn't mean for Saddam to stab you in--
I don't know. I-I guess so, but now I have to go home and tell Chris.
IT'S NOT THE CAR I WANTED! THE WHOLE PARTY'S RUINED! 
Yeah, well, where was he gonna go? Detroit?
Well, I just don't know which one to pick.
I know, but just wait till midnight. You are not gonna believe what's coming for desert! 
Son of God, I will smash thy face into small little bits!
Halloween is a night for evil. It is time for me to take what is mine.
I don't know if we should continue without knowing more about this Keanu Reeves God has.
Nobody can look hotter than me! It's my Super Sweet 16 Halloween party! Take it off, Zazul.  And what about my Ferrari cake?! Where's the Ferrari cake?!
This is VIP. Don't just let anybody into my VIP area, okay? 
Oh jeez.  Hey, uh, hi, listen, dude, ya know, the whole Crocodile Hunter thing? It... it's just a little soon, you know? I mean, he just dies a few weeks ago and... it's just not supercool and you gotta leave.
...And now Chris and Saddam just keep killing each other over and over and... I don't know which one to pick.
Well... could you not be such a pussy about it? I mean, can't you just say "If you ever see Saddam again, I'll break your legs!" or, or "I'm gonna go kick Saddam's ass!" or something?
You know, they all do it, and it's kind of my deal, I have to put temptation out there too so people have free will and all that shit. But you know, everyone has their justification and thinks what they're doing is okay.
Yeah, it's okay, but everyone thinks Zazul's schoolgirl costume is hotter.
But I am. Throwing people out, making a big entrance, having these stupid pictures of me all over. Halloween is supposed to be for everyone. Everybody, I'm sorry. This party is for you. It's for all of you who make my life so special. If I don't realize that, then I'm no better than a rich American teenage girl.  Open the doors! Let everyone in, wristband or no! 
Oh, I'd love to, Mr. Matthau, but I can't. Chris and I just moved to the west side and we have to unpack.
What's the point?! They have a Keanu Reeves now.
Chris!  Saddam, what the hell are you doing?!
Well, I mean-  Of course, there's a part of me that will always love him, I... But I also know how abusive he was—I'm much happier with you.
Saddam, will you listen to me?! Chris is a great person. He's the one I wanna be with now.
Oh, why, I haven't heard that one before.
Then allow me to explain the darkness of the human soul!  So you got dopa-mine, right? That's the chemical that gets released in your brain whenever you do something pleasurable, like eating, sex, and that's just nature, right? Like rabbits and fish and shit. They need dopa mine so that they want to consume and reproduce.
Very well.  Demon Army, begin your march on Heaven! 
Did you, uh, see my "Boy With An Umbrella" Hummel?
Oh, God, Chris is gonna be so mad at me. Well, here it goes. 
No, Kevin!  That's it! I'm breaking up with you! 
I don't want to talk to you, Saddam! This isn't what I need in my life right now.
No, Chris, you don't understand. Saddam is fucking crazy.
Oh... oh, but then, dude, no costume. Sorry, you gotta go. 
Okay, let me get some visual aids. Gimme juuust a sec.
Now you are all part of my domain! Everyday in hell grows larger as my minions... my m-minions uh...  muh, I'm sorry. I just can't do this today. I'm just... I'm sorry. 
This party has to be the bomb! Don't you get it?!  When everyone sees the Ferrari cake,  they will shudder and know my greatness!
Saddam, I only came here because I need closure.
Well, I tell you what: Maybe we'll have ourselves a little Christmas, right here! Come on, everyone, gather 'round!
String up the lights and light up the tree.
We're gonna make some revelry!
Spirits are high, so I can tell,
It's Christmastime in Hell.
Demons are nicer as you pass them by.
There's lots of demon toys to buy.
The snow is falling, and all is well.
It's
Gather close together and make it quick!
We gotta make room for Andy Dick.
So basically, the genes you got from your dad make you more likely to have trouble with, um, dopa-mine regulation, and that's why you need to kind of watch out for addictive stuff. Okay, so we kind of understand now, champ?
I have such delightful horrors to unleash upon thee.
Just... give me some boundaries, be jealous, go throw a football around, for Christ's sake.
If I go spend the night with Saddam, then it's over between me and Chris.  Chris has been so nice to me and I know Saddam will just hurt me again.  M-maybe I'll just go talk to Saddam. I need closure, yeah. That's it, I need closure.  What am I doing? 
Ooh, whoa... God, my head. Drank too much.  Chris?  Oh no!! 
Oh, it's like a dimensional vortex gate thingy, they won't have cars.
Guys, guys, guys!  Look, you both can stop fighting now! I've made a decision.
Come on, you little wuss, fight! Throw a punch!
No, it's a- When Saddam did it, yeah, but uh...
No, Saddam! I at least owe him an explanation!  I just don't know what I'm gonna say. 
I just need to go get some air. okay? I'll be back... really quick. 
Saddam, you're an asshole. And you'll never be the friend that I want. And Chris, well, you're a pussy. And you'll never be the lover I want.  So I'm just gonna be alone for a while and learn to like myself. 
Well who's not filling a fuckin' hole? Right? You know, I mean what kind of bullshit is that? So, let's talk about genetics now. You still have time?
No, I can't.  What am I doing? I know this is the wrong thing to do. I could lose Chris. I can't do this.  I can't do this. 
Yeah, I just... spent the night walking around the marina.
Well I have to invite celebrities or else my party won't be cool.
Fuck no! It's like, okay, it's like being diabetic. You know, it's like you can eat wrong and eat wrong and chemicals get released from your liver in a weird way, you know, you've been eatin' gluten and shit, and then eventually you've got a chemical imbalance from your liver. And something clicked, and now you're diabetic forever, right? So like, if you keep doing something too much, eventually there's, ummm, a dopa-mine fuckup, right, and you're kind of screwed up for life.
Even Mao Tse Tung is under the spell 
Hic dominus ampullicus unum sum. Forante onlisam dum sameli etludemus. 
Oh, screw that, then. I don't want a fondue fountain if P Diddy had one.
SILENCE!  Halloween is about me! And I deserve a par-ty! This... shall be MY Super Sweet 16!!  Minions of Hell! The time has come for us to rise! For my Super Sweet 16 Halloween party!!  I got Bacardi, and Ghetto One to sponsor the party, and I'm calling it  Hell On Earth 2006!  But now, heed my words: in order to get in to the party, you have to RSVP and get a blue wristband. Everyone is gonna try and get into this party, so if you don't get your wristband in advance, or you're not wearing that wristband at the door, you're NOT GETTING IN!!  And NOW know this: It's a costume party, so you have to wear a costume. BUT... nobody better show up as The Crow! I'm serious. Every costume party there's like fourteen guys come dressed like the Crow 'cause they wanna look hot and hook up. It's lame! If you come dressed as the Crow, you're NOT GETTING IN to the party!!  Go now and prepare!! If you miss my party you are a looozer!! 
Puny Son of Jehovah! Prepare to enter thy House of Pain!
Saddam, I told you, I don't need you anymore!
No, Chris! He'll try to kill you is what he'll do!
Damnit, what didn't Diddy do?!  Wait. I know.  Yes. It's perfect. At midnight, all the lights go down. The music stops. And then we wheel in... a Ferrari. Only it isn't a Ferrari... It's a cake. And everyone gets a piece.
And now it's like there's one guy who's horrible to me but I'm totally sexually attracted to, and then one guy who's really nice to me but I'm not sexually attracted to at all.
Ah, look, I just need to talk with God. Is he around?
Wow. That sounds great, but uh, I really  gotta go. 
Hey... Thanks, God. I forgot how clear you make things sometimes.
Oh, okay, thanks.  Oh, that must be them now.  Just put the boxes by the-
Everyone quiet! Here he is, the man of the night, SATAN!  Get out of the way, Hitler! You're ruining my entrance! Gaau!
No, it can't be! You're dead! I killed you!
Shut up, it's Halloween! This is my night! Then at midnight, for dessert, I'm thinking over here, we bring out a huuuge chocolate fondue fountain.
No, I'm not going on a walk! You're a pussy, Chris, and you drive me crazy; go away!
IT'S NOT ABOUT THEM, IT'S ALL ABOUT MEEEEEEE!!! 
Uh, no, I need to be getting back.
I've asked everybody for advice, but nobody seems to know the answer.
So I want the DJ to set up over here, and then the main dance floor area can be this whole area right here.
There's Princess Diana holding burning mistletoe
Over poor Gene Siskel's head; just watch his weenie grow.
No, it's kind of a long story but, well, it all started when this Iraqi dictator, Saddam Hussein,  was killed by a pack of wild boars. I remember when I first met him in hell. It was a lovely morning in April...
Thanks. See ya, Gary. Thanks for comin'. Oh- Hi, Marsha.
Oh God, what's happened to me? I've never been this terrible before. By trying to have a party like those spoiled rich teenage girls on MTV, I've become like one of them.
Not this time. I asked a favor of an old friend of mine to let you in.
I don't know what I'm gonna do. I can't deny my feelings for Saddam, but... my life is so much better now with Chris.  Yeah. It's like Chris is so perfect in every way, but there's just something about Saddam that I'm more attracted to.  In what way?  Yeah, you're right. Saddam would just treat me bad again. I'm just gonna have to not see Saddam. Put him out of my mind and focus on Chris. If I don't see Saddam, then I won't have such strong feelings for him. Thanks guys. 
There goes Jeffrey Dahmer with a festive Christmas ham.
After he has sex with it, he'll eat up all he can.
And there goes John F. Kennedy, caroling with his son.
&lt;/poem&gt;
The feeding tube has been pulled! If the child dies and his soul returns to Heaven, God will have his Keanu Reeves!
Let the new prince be decided on Saturday. First South Park, then the world. 
Fools! You are all fools! Of course I took a dive. Don't you see? Who do you think was the one person that bet on Jesus to win?  Me, you idiots! And now I will take all your hard-earned money, and return to Hell a much richer Prince of Darkness, and buy some realty. HA HA HA HA HAA! 
But because humans have progressed and now have access to all the shit they want whenever they want it, it's easy for them to overdo and have dopa-mine problems. You know, it's not fuckin' rocket science, this stuff.
He showed up spouting all kinds of things about how he's changed and he still loves me...
God?? I can't do that. I haven't spoken to God in like, 5000 years.
No, Saddam, I told you. I'm with Chris now.
It's all vegetarian, Saddam. Chris was a nutritionist before he died.
Have you seen those rich, spoiled, teenage girls who have massive Sweet 16 parties? That big.
Oh that son of a bitch! He's always doing this shit! I tell him, "temptation has to be nuanced!" but he goes and does this crap again! I'm gonna need to borrow your soul real quick, kid. Is that alright?
