No! Just him. You get Muhammad to appear or your little town is DONE!

Muhammad has a power that makes him impervious to being made fun of. What if we could harness that power?  Jimmy Buffet, how would you like it if no-one could ever call your music drunken frat boy monkey garbage?

Reiner, you said the goo machine would work! But I got made fun of!

That's it!  I'm suing this entire intolerant town!

Hey, I was just seeing if you needed some- Oh, god  you found my fudge packing uniform...

Oh, we can play that game too! You want to see violence, well you got it! 

Yeah, well I was just over there doing a little fly fishing and this little boy walks up and calls me a fudge packer!  I know, right? And then other kids in the town and their teacher start joining in. 

Here it is friends. Once we have Muhammad, this machine will give us the power to not be made fun of.

Guys, I want to really thank you all for coming. Shockingly, I've just been slandered once again in the town of South Park, something I know you can all relate to. 

Oh right...  Her.

But the only way we are going to get Muhammad from South Park now is by getting just as violent as the gingers!

You can't just call somebody a fudge packer and get away with it! 

How do you like that?! Celebrities can get violent too!

You... really? Somewhere where I can just ...live out my days in peace and quiet and- Oh.  Oh please, can you show me where?

Whoawhoa whoa whoa!  You're not supposed to be able to make fun of me anymore! What the hell's going on?!

You're going to give Muhammad to gingers instead of us, just because they are threatening you with violence?

Hey! It's one of the boys from South Park who slandered me!

Goddamn stupid assholes! You want to play rough?! OK! Spielburg, go and get some automatic rifles! We'll go in there, and we're going to take  Muhammad by force! And then we are going to show them th- 

This is incredible. Who wants to go next?

Rob Reiner has been telling me about the goo that is inside every person on earth.

Let's do this. Throw the switch, Rob.  Ohhh. Uhhh. Yes! I can feel it! I can feel the power to not be ridiculed flowing through my veins!  Ha. Hahahaha! 

Jennifer Lopez! 

Oh, that does it. I will SUE you!

On screen! 

WHAT?

I am an actor. I do not pack fudge! 

By taking what Muhammad has, we could all be safe from ridicule.  Like Tim Burton here. Imagine it Tim; nobody could rip on you for all the rehashed movies you've made lately. There'd never be a TV show that pointed out that you have never had an original idea since Beetlejuice. And, you put Johnny Depp and all the same crappy music in every film. And if you're that in love with Johnny Depp, then you should just have sex with him already. A TV show could never say that!

Mrs. Streisand got torn apart in the town of South Park. She's probably more angry at that town than any of us.

Her who?

But I'm not a fudge packer! 

We figured you're pissed at South Park too, right Mrs. Streisand? 

I'm not. I am a very busy actor who is trying to get away for a week and do some fly fishing! 

I... I just can't do it anymore. I wanna go away. But there's nowhere on earth that people aren't around to rip on me.

I've done it! I've done it! Look at me! I'm not okay to make fun of anymore!

What did you call me?

Well then you can just get sued! 

What?! Impossible!

What did you say?!

No Jen, we all have got enough money.

...Your ...boss?

Oh, just the door down the hall there, Jared.  No, no, no, that's a closet. Go down more.  No that's a closet too.  Nope, Jared. That's a closet too.  No.  That's a closet... No that- that's a closet too.

No buts! If you want to accuse somebody of being a fudgepacker, you're gonna pay the consequences!

That's nice!  I'm still suing you all! Nobody calls me a fudge packer! 

Well it can be a reality. Once we have Muhammad, we can take that power from him. 

Well, there is... one thing that your town could do to... maybe make me forget about this lawsuit.

It's just that there's somebody that I have always wanted to meet... face to face. If you could get him to show up in your town-

Muhammad. The prophet of the Muslim faith.

We will call her off when you give us Muhammad!

Mrs. Lopez...

Yeah, so whats going on?

Oh, she's pissed all right.

That's your problem! Get him back or Babs will kill you all!

No, I said we were going to use South Park to make sure we never got ripped on again. Look people, all of us get ridiculed, but who is the one person on this earth who is completely free from slander?

