All right! Shh! I told you, I told you, listen, listensh, listen listen listen.
Then you'd better hurry. We don't have much longer. The blood will be on your hands. 
Well, we uh, we didn't get everything that we wanted, but... we negotiated hard and... we got these...  coupons to Bennigan's! And...  free bubblegum... for every Canadian.  These coupons entitle every Canadian to a free meal at Bennigan's. With the purchase of a meal at equal or greater value, of course.
Nooooo! I'm not gonna look like an idiot! If I fucked up and led everyone astray, the last thing I'm going to do and admit it!  Yes, this is the head of the WGA. The World Canadian Bureau.
I'm not your friend, guy!  Don't you two understand anything?! You think striking is a joke?! You think it's something to ridicule?!
That's right: spirit! What is it that makes Canada so important?
Look, guy, we are to stay strong! If you don't stand with your fellow Canadians, then you are a rat!
My fellow Canadians, for too long we have been pushed around, and ridiculed! Yesterday was supposed to be a day of appreciation and understanding! Instead, Canada Appreciation Day was mocked worldwide! 
What do you think it means?!  We're striking, buddih! No more! That's it! Until we get what we want
Don't give me that fat-cat fancy lip-wiggling! Are you gonna give Canada more money or not?! 
Oh, negotiating hardball, are we?! What about all that Internet money?!
Theoretical dollars? What am I supposed to do with that?!  You little timewasters!
You're stalling! Because you think I'll give up. You know that most Canadians are talkin' about giving up the strike already.  You've got me over a barrel and you know it!
My friends. This is the greatest victory in Canadian history. 
Just more money! You know! Canada doesn't get enough money! Other countries have lots of money; we want, we want some of that money! Hu- how about- the Internet? The Internet makes lots of money! So give us some of that money!
Oh you do, huh?!  They've had enough. They want us to end the strike.  Quiet, quiet, shh, shh, sh- quiet, quiet! Let me deal with this.  All right, we're prepared to end this strike! If you are agreeing that we should have more monihhh!
Don't look at that. Come on, friends, let's dance.
That's right! And I think it's time for Canada to show the world just how bad things would be without it! Together we can send a message! It's time for Canada ...to strike!
Don't worry, the strike is big news. I'm sure it will be one of the top stories.
We'll win! We'll just have to stay resilient!
Don't call me your guy! I'm not your guy, friend!
What did I tell you?! I told you we'd get to them sooner or later!  Shh, shh, quiet everyone! Let me handle this.  Yes. This is Stephen Abootman, head of the WGA.
Don't you see that we have to stand together or else we have nothing?!
You want me to say it again?! You've got me over a barrel! There, you happy?! You've got me bent over a barrel with my tender ass just waiting to be pulverized by your thrusting manhood!  Do you realize how stupid I'm going to look if I call off the strike after starting all this?! I won't do it! You hear me, guy?! You're wrong! No matter what happens I will never call of this strike! Even if it means we all. Die.
Go home?! You can't leave the picket line!
Aw damn it that's not news! What about us?!
Damn it friends, don't you see? We won for future Canadians, guy. So the little guy doesn't get pushed around anymore. This was a victory for Canada's respect. 
You listen to me, friend!  You'd better figure out a way to get us our fair amount of money, and until you come back with a solid fair number, I'm finished talking to you, you slimy corporate dickhead!  Don't worry, don't worry. This is how negotiating works. This is good. We've got 'em by the balls.
One, two, three, four, Canada deserves more (money)! One, two, three, four, Canada deserves more (money)! 
Will they... act like they're giving Canada a lot so everyone thinks I did a good job?
