Over here!

There we go! We're gettin' somethin' now!

I said, "Dammit monster! Get off my lawn! I ain't giving you no tree-fitty!" It said, "how about just two-fitty?" I said, "Oh, now it's only two-fitty!! What?! Is there a sale on Loch Ness munchies or something?!"

It's okay, honey.

Three dollars and fifty cents.

Well, it was about that time I got suspicious. I said, "Chef, why do you need tree-fitty?" He said, "My imaginary friend Goo-Goo the dinosaur wants it." I went to my son's room, and sure enough, there was the Loch Ness monster!

Aw shit! COCK!

Well, it was about that time that I notice that girl scout was about eight stories tall and was a crustacean from the protozoic era.

She gave him a dollar.

You've got a problem, Stotch!

Just stay still, Eric. Mom knows what she's doing.

Horseshit! Your drone is out there flyin' around right now!

Cocknut! Augh... Stupid shit!

and I yelled. I said, "What do you want from us, monster?!" And the monster bent down and said, "...Uh I need about tree-fitty." 

Yes, right now. 

Oh.

Well come on in out of the cold now.  There's heavy fog on the moors tonight.  Well, look what the cat dragged in, Nelly.

Aw shit!

But maybe these new players are the ones the prophecy foretold of.

I'll "Oh" whoever I want! 

Come on out hyow! It's safe!  Here it comes! The spirit is comin' out hyuh! 

Mom, let's just go. Shhhit!

The spokesman for Tourette's? Oh no...  Cock!

Aah, shut your mouth, woman!

Our privacy was invaded, and now there are kids at school making music videos with the footage of my wife! Have you seen what they're doing?!

Copy Foxtrot. Tango in position. Awww shit!

Well hold on the potatoes two seconds, woman!  The soul's comin' out hyuh!  It's almost done. Alright, son. Now bring me the victim child!

August. There's a knock on the door. I open it, and there's this cute little girl scout-

Asshole ASSHOLE.

Yeah. I was chatting with you online. SHIT!

Nono, you were right. The fat kid is faking it! If he goes on TV, more people will think that having Tourette's is fun. Asshole shit!

Yeah yeah, go on in. There's a hot tub inside. STUPID SHIT!

Don't matter what we had for dinner woman! Now this alien had a big head and big black eyes, and it was all bent over me. I said, "What do you want from me, alien?!" and do you know what he said?

Nelly, you best have at it now.

So I chased the monster down the street, you see...

Sure. That crazy old monster  Now, then the fourth time I saw the...

Could I have your attention please?  Tomorrow, my son is gonna get married to a beautiful lady.  I'm very happy for them both.  Ooh there I go! I told myself I wasn't gonna cry, now.

Well no wonder the damn monster keeps coming back to our house! You keep giving it tree-fitty!

And is this the children you told us about?

Well I know, but you can at least start at about two quarter or somethin'  Aw Christmas, there it goes again!

So, thuh so you flew it back here in time.

Well these things don't just fly themselves, do they? They outta be illegal. I'd better not find out it was your drone! 

And that was the third time we saw the Loch Ness monster. Then one time, I believe it was July-

Oh. Well. I guess the child's a pot roast now.

I want tuh go!  Shitfag!

Mom, can we just go home, please?

Raisin oatmeal, and I said "We'll take a graham crunch. How much will that be?" And she looks at me and she says, "...Uh I need about tree-fitty."

Suck it! Asshole licker dickfart!

Yeah. You know, the child that we sacrifice so we could Kenny's soul into its body. 

Yee-you wanna know about fun? Going to public places knowing you're going to make a fool of yourself. Embarrass your parents  Aw shit!  My dad... finally couldn't take it anymore. He... divorced my mom, s-said he'd still be around, but I only see him at Christmastime now. S-sh-shit! S-sh-shit! The worst part is I know how lonely my mom is. A lot of times I know she'd be better off if I was dead.

Go on now, soul now!

What?! You gave that monster another damn tree-fitty?!

Now don't go offerin' the soul no tree-fiddy, woman!

You would?

Stupid shit! Cock! 

And she says to me, "How would you like to buy some cookies?" And I said "Well, what kind do you have?" She had thin mints, graham crunchy things-

How are these drones legal?! My wife didn't deserve to be splayed all over the Internet like that!

She's a goddam Succubus!

No. Cocknose!

You people have to do something! You're the law, and these things NEED to BE illegal!

Well of course he's not gonna go away, Nellie! You give him a dollar, he's gonna assume you got more!

Damn right, I was angry!

It stood above us looking down with these big red eyes,-

God-damnit! The spirit's out and it don't have no where to go!

N-no, it's cool. Go on inside. I made brownies. SHIT! I'm just gonna slip into something more comf'table. COCK!

Uh. Let me tell the damn story now! He said, "tree-fitty." And so I realized I that it wasn't no alien, it was that God-damned Loch Ness monster again, trying to trick me into giving him tree-fitty by dressing up like an alien. Don't that just beat all?!

This is ridiculous, havin' to sit out here waitin' to find out if our priest molested our kids.

I said, "Dammit monster! You stop bugging my children now! We work for our money in this house and we don't give money away!"

All right Mom- Bitch! Ass bitch!

...And then these aliens had me up on their ship, right? They was probing me and all that.

Well come on, the soul's in here! It can't escape now.  It's goin' to the light! Unfortunately, it's the livin' room light.

But it was foretold that one day, players who could wield the sword might reveal themselves.

Well, let's see here now.  Mhm, mhm, mhm.  Yeup! There's definitely more than one children in there.

Alright, children, stand up on this chair now.

In the name of all that is holy we command this spirit be set free!

With who?

That's right. I said "I ain't giving you no tree-fitty you goddamn Loch Ness monster! Get your own goddamn money!"

