Hello.

You die, pigs!  You want to die, huh? 

Fuck you, bitch! 

The incredibly fat and gay skinny straight man?

Nice.

The plagues! The plagues are upon us! Run!

Enjoying the show?

This is bullcrap! I ain't standin' for this!

Oh hey Stan, I'm your friend Brian through your uncle Jimbo? Hey I commented on your status but I haven't heard back from you. Could you give me a poke sometime soon?

Wait, wait, there's a star above the stage.  That's very offensive to non-Christians.

Oh, it'll happen, don't worry. Right now your wife is being shot so full of subliminal messages, all she'll be thinking about afterwards is "blowjob."

They did it! They killed him! 

I love Chipotle. But getting all the bloodstains out of my underwear is a nightmare. 

Nnoo, Harvey Fierstein's just gay and fat, honey. He's not green.

Do it again!

Oh no!

Huh?

Ooo, free-range aspirin!

Yeah man, the corporations. Right now they're raping the world for money!

Uh, waitress, a-a-actually, I ordered the chicken soup. This is minnestrone.

Yeah.

It's pee! 

Mary was my mother!

Awww.

Oy, look up there! 

Ms. Lopez! Up here!

Yeah.

More tunes. More tunes! 

That's right! We know whose fault this is!

Here! Hey kid, grab this stick! 

Well I guess we could change the law to allow for medicinal marijuana to be sold just outside the door of the shop.

I think if more people saw The Passion they'd have faith in Jesus.

He's going to speak with us once again!

Whaaaaat's haaappeniiiiing?!

They just pushed us onto airplanes and said we weren't welcome anymore!

M-mm-m. Not really.

Nobody takes us Canadians seriousleh!

Oh, what are you supposed to be? Oh  oh, right. You're supposed to be that um... uhhh... 

Come on, Kobe, let's just go.

Duhude, that handicapped dude ruhules!

This is inhumane.

Oh my God, I found a penny! 

Right right, the incredibly Chaz Bono. Remember honey? Dancing with the Stars? The fat transsexual?

Well, like the rest of you, I am shocked and appalled at what happened! I don't know if the parents are to blame or if it's the times we're living in, but something has to change!

Yeah, uh I've done it a few times.

Change my bet!

Hello, are you folks holding this Passion meeting?

It's George Bush's fault!

And it was Texas who sent them to us! People in San Antonio got rid of their homeless by tellin' them what a great place Evergreen was!

Somebody stop it!

That is some weird shit. 

Boy I tell you what, it is raining cats and dogs outside. Mostly cats.  I just wish I had brought an umbrella.

Cartman? Eric Cartman? The kid who jumped thirty homeless people on a skateboard?

You just took one last week, silly.

I'll take twenty lemon bars, you little rascals.

Let's bail on this whole angry scene. 

Our imagination?

Speech! Speech!

Oh wuhow! Look honey, it's Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, and Bruce Vilanch. 

Yeah! 

Yeah? Well that makes you homeless, so get out of here before you die!

I know what I may like. I don't like marching

Well, I, I think whoever took the head was... really just doing an homage to the Simpsons.  Heh, I think it's great.

You mean, during the ball game?

It's burning Man!

You fuck your son and you won't even give him a kiss? Booooooo!

Yes. Yeh-yes she did.

That's right, yes.

He's right.

I'm a really sad panda. I didn't know we were doing all that damage. This is all that damn lawyer's fault! 

Be careful up there, Pete.

Who's next to take a shower?

You know what would be better for me is Saturday afternoon.

Oh, so this is what it was like. 

Come on, everybody!

That's right!

Raah!

Right. But we survived.

You're playing into the corporate game! See, the corporations are trying to turn you into little Eichmann's so that they can make money. 

Oh man, I can't wait to see the look on those little Eichmann's faces when they hear this crunchy groove. 

It's a musical thing. Women are so caught up in all the singing and dancing they don't even notice it but, there's a blowjob reference almost every ten seconds. Broadway writers call it "subtext." Just listen really, really closely.

Hey!

Uh, he was dressed mostly in black with a kind of... cloak.

No?

What is your problem? Get lost, little Eichmann. 

I'm Agent Sharp and this is Agent Keen. We're with  the FBI.

Oho! Yeah!

The homeless first started arriving in Evergreen about three months ago. At first there were only a few of them, askin' for change, sleeping in the parks. But then more showed up, and we realized there was somethin' different about them. They fed off of our change to the point that they could actually start renting apartments. We knew it wouldn't be long before the homeless actually started buying homes. And then we'd have no idea who was homeless and who wasn't! The people living in the house right next door to you could be homeless and you wouldn't even know!  Nobody could trust anybody! Fights broke out. War!  That's when I started suspecting that  my own wife, who I'd been living with for twenty years, was actually homeless. So I had to burn her. In her bed while she slept.  After she died I vowed I wouldn't let the homeless destroy our town! So we came up with a plan to get rid of them once and for all. 

We must respect the wishes of people's BFFs. Otherwise, all our BFF necklaces would become meaningless

Yeah, we'll have one guy who like, who like, makes bread. A-and one guy who like, l-looks out for other people's safety.

Wow, that's such cultural music.

