That's much healthier for him, and when he gets older he'll be able to be your friend too.

Tsst.

Here, why don't you try it now? Take your son. 

Well no, my work is done. I've got to get back to Los Angeles.

Dogs show their dominance by nipping each other on the neck, but it works equally well on a child. I just use two fingers, nip at the child's neck, doesn't hurt the child, just let him know I am dominant.

How is the child doing?

See the child thinks your world revolves around him, because it does. Because everything he does gets a response from you.

Tsst. -we need to let him burn off. Do you take walks with your son?

Tsst.

No, not really. You're just a client. Well, good luck to you. Gotta go. 

Well let's feed it.

Tsst.

Tsst. See, I'm not validating his bad behavior with either negative or positive response.

Go on, take your son for a walk.

It's okay, this is all part of the dominance struggle.

Now before you go read your son his story let's go enjoy a nice quiet cup of tea.

This is a great first step, but you're gonna have to stay firm and confident. You are the pack leader now.

You must assert yourself as pack leader with dominant energy.

Tsst.

I think the first thing we need to work on is getting the child some exercise. He's fat and he has all this pent-up energy that-

Oh no, now he's lying. You can tell from his stance he's still aggressive-dominant.

You see? You're calm, assertive, and in control. 

Come on, Ms. Cartman, you must become pack leader. What do you do?

It is important to understand that dogs run in packs. And one dog is always dominant: the pack leader.

Tsst. 

See once again, I am the one going for a walk. It's about me, the child is lucky to come along.

Let him go. He'll be back. This a good opportunity for you to relax and enjoy your favorite hobby. 

Don't look at the child; just keep looking at me. Let, let him know we are having a conversation.

So the child needs to learn that he's not the most important person in the house.

We won't reward him until he's in a calm submissive behavior.

I am not going to acknowledge the child's attempt at aggressive dominant behavior. Now you eat the chicken. 

Good, Ms. Cartman. Very good!

Don't worry. When you correct the behavior, eventually you will see a change in the personality.

So tell me what are the problems you are having with the child?

Good. Now you can reward the behavior with praise and attention.

This is more aggressive-dominant behavior. Don't nurture it.

Tsst.

See? This is the behavior we've been looking for. This is a relaxed, submissive state.

I am going to eat first, because that is what the pack leader does. 

I am not being aggressive; I am being dominant.

Good, Ms. Cartman, sounds like you're treating your son like a son and not like a friend.

You project the dominant energy and he will pick up on it. I promise. Shoulder back, head high, don't reason with it, don't argue with it, just dominate it.

See?

Oh look it came back.

Now you can give him a snack.  Good, this is really good. Now try a command.

Tsst.

So, how is your son doing, Ms. Cartman?

See I'm not looking at the child, I'm not acknowledging the child, I'm just letting the child know I'm not interested in him.

Don't look at him, just look straight ahead and he'll run out of evergy soon. 

We need him to become relaxed and submissive.

No dog is too much for me to handle. I rehabilitate dogs, I train people. I am the dog wheesperer.

Okay, let me show you how to express the dominant energy. What I have done is I have brought over some Kentucky Fried Chicken. 

