(Huh-uh, I ain't gonna get inside that ring! Aaah!) 
All right, but you guys owe me for this.
(Heheheh. Now that's what I-he call a sticky situation!) 
(Oh, there, there now. There's nothing to be afraid of, dear.) 
(Heheh, yeah. You're a faggot, dude. Fuck, yeah. Hehe-eheh.)
(No they don't wanna see a child die! You guys! Uf.)
(No, I'm not young and I want a B.J.)
(Wait until you see what I can do to the dog!)
(Yeah. Tammy said if I got her the tickets for the concert, she would give me a B.J.!)
(It's a giant stick that goes inside the mom's vagina) 
(Damn, I'd like to get a taste of her!)
(Cartman?! Cartman, you've gotta help me, and I'm not foolin' around!)
(Hey, that's not fair! I got the fucking ticket!)  (Hey! What the heck!)
(Dude, what the fuck is so filthy or offensive in here?)
(Shut the fuck up, dude! You're a fuckin' asshole!)
(Or are you gonna hit her with your hand?)
(They didn't put me at the bottom, did they?)
(Hey dude, I like to shave my balls.)
(I'm telling you, it's Kyle you want. He's the one who tried to get me in here, and you know it.)
(It means I'm gonna be pure and not have sex until I get married.)
(Dude, these are my fucking food stamps! How am I going to eat without all these food stamps?)
(Nope, I'm okay.)  (It-aah. It hurts! IT HURTS!)  (Ugh.)
(I came here to kick your ass once and for all!)
(No, I'm not going to fucking betray anybody!)
(Yes! Woohoo! I did it! I reached level s-!) 
(And did you stick it in right when the fireplace gave you the shadow light?)
(Kyle, I'm gonna camp and watch the meteor shower. Do you wanna come and see it with me?)
(All right. How am I supposed to do that?)
(Hey, guys. Uh, check out this kick-ass cool costume.)
(Being poor has nothing to do with NASCAR!)
(What the hell are we going to do?!)
(Uh-oh.)  (Help me, Kyle! What are we gonna do?)
(I just LOVE this jacket 'cause it's SOOO beautiful!)
(Aw, now don't say that. Poor little kid.)
(Why the fuck does it have to be my tooth?)
(You never seem to care when I die!)
(And then we gotta go down and get a piece of paper and write down each one of the words we sang on the tape deck. And then, sing it back again!)
(Oh, Grey's Anatomy. Cool! Oh man, this is a great DVD. We're gonna have the ... sex, yeah.)
(Well,... ...and I can't take any of that!)
(Nahit chaim.)  (Ha! Hiheh haha.)  (Hah! Oh my God!)
(If you wanna get high and jack off, it's cool.)
(You see? Look at all these piles of food. He must have been here for days!)
(Fuck no, I wasn't looking at a handkerchief!)
(Yeah, it was awesome! I was just sitting down and then I got my period!)
(Hey you guys. Remember when Terrance and Phillip was off the air?)
(You can change your mind instead of fighting with us, Eric.)
(Oof. Oh this Goddamned freakin'-  AARGH  Goddamn, why-  Oh this freakin'-  AARGH  Phew.  Well, I'm fine, guys!  Now if I can- 
(Dude, maybe he's like mentally ill or something)
(Well now, that does it! I have had enough of this bullshit! Screw you, Stan. I'm going home!) 
(What?!)  (Oh, the nerve! How insensitive of you, you cock-sucking faggot!)
(Mexico?! Why the heck do I have to take you all the way to Mexico?!)
(Well, I'm gonna give my grandfather a full-body sensual massage.)
(That is the sickest thing I have ever fucking seen!)
(Well, see you guys. I gotta go take the bus out of town.)
(I can't make love to you until we get a king-size bed!)
With the war at an end, our Butters is able to have his hapa noa ceremony. And with any help from the gods, become his old cheery self again.
(Hey, can I have a drink of water?)
(Hey, you guys, I'm a little bit be-)  (Oof.)
(Hey, you guys! You guys, I think I know precisely what it's saying. It says that we've gotta go and find a pile of records and get the one that has the entire lyrics, and then we gotta get into learning to rearrange them.)
(Ready.)  (Oh,  shiiit. Damnit! Cartman, I've got to go to the bathroom!) 
(Because they're trying to take over the world?)
(How about we put a real fire out?)
(What the fuck did you do that for?)
(It's when you take your finger, and you stick it in a vagina and you stick it in again and again.)
(Stop!)  (Officer Barbrady, I really need to talk to you!)  (Shit!)
(I agree. Let's put in this DVD and watch Grey's Anatomy.)
(Well, why the fuck do I have to do everything while you stand around in the snow lookin--) 
(When you rub your dick,
you might find a discharge that
winds up on the floor.)
(I guess the only thing I wish is to not die.)
(You know what I think? Basically, if you let the decision of what you watch stop at the parents' control, then what can you see? It'll stay the same because they'll just get offended although their kids are not delighted with the television series they put on for their kids.)
(Yeah, I was kinda thinking we could go to TGI Friday's.)
(Look, Mom. I just fixed you a drink.) 
(Yeah, and I got this nice marble sack to go with this carrot stick, see?)
(Take off the ring? You can take off the ring??)  (Really?)
(Take... that!)  (You dick! That is for me, and that, that and that, that and that, that, that, that!) 
(Aw, it's okay, kid. It's not going to hurt.) 
(Craig just asked me to do his show, geez.)
(Aww.)  (Okay, you guys, we've gotta get back to the camp and... )
(Oh that fucking asshole!)  (Oh that fucking asshole, I'm gonna talk to him...)
(And I'm not gonna have last 5 days without death...) 
What the hell is going on, you guys?
(Because! His grandmother just died and her will says Cartman now has a million dollars!)
(Damn, I'd like to get a taste of her!)
(Awww, don't be so mean. Butters is our friend, huh?) 
(Hm hm, noho, that's not what it means.)
(Are you fuckin' telling me that I could've fuckin' gone that way?!)
(Oh, I was so close! You should have seen those titties.)
(Hey, that's odd.)  (Hey, I'm floating. That can't be! Hey wait!) 
(You guys! You guys, I did it! I got my very own period!)
(No, swear to God it's true! Cartman's got a million dollars!)
(I don't know. It just seems kind of... mean)
(There's a lot of fuckin' vaginas and penises.)
(I'm sorry guys. Faith Hilling is just a stupid fad, right?)
(Well, I think you guys should name it Steve)
The American government finally gave in to the natives and had the Mahalo Rewards cards reinstated. Our two cultures, it appears, will once again live in peace.
(Perhaps, he's just too big to get out of bed) 
(All I know is that it was a loong time ago, and Death was chasing us on a bicycle down the street.)
(Oh okay, okay, I just wanna sleep now.)
(Yes, I agree. I think Craig is a thousand times as cool as Clyde. There doesn't really seem to be a doubt.)
(What the hell? What the fuck is this?!) 
(Mom, the cops are here! Mom, Dad, the cops are here!) 
(Yeah, I guess. I just wonder about McNuggets.)
(Yes I am! I've got the costume; it's waiting in the house! Yesterday I got this huge package in the mail, and it was big, okay?) 
(I think if we run, try to get Eric to drop his tea)
(Unngh. Stop, no! No, it's mine!)  (There! It's mine!) 
(Yeah, I feel that she's a freakin' bitch!)
(Uh oh. Hey uh, you guys! Help me doooowwwwnnnn! Heeyy, you guuuuyyyyys!) 
(Hey you guys, I talked to Garrison and he told me that they're almost the same.)
(Yeah, it's like killing a dead pig and a turkey.) 
(You guys! You guys, oh shit, come check this out!) 
(I don't know. But I've gotta think of something.) 
(Oh no! I have got to stay away fro-aaagh!)  (Ugh!)
(Excuse me, he needs to go to Hawaii.)
(No. All I could get was a couple of tampons.)
(You guys, come get this fucking magnet noooowwww!)  (Argh--!)
Stan and Kyle, you take the back entrance. Cartman and I will block him from the side.
(I think that Garrison said that gay people suck.)
(What?! No! What are you doing?!)  (You fuckers!) 
(...partirт.Su navi per mariche, io lo so,no, no, non esistono piщ.)'(Io con te...!)
(And it's time for us to come clean.) 
(This is not herpes, it's a cold sore!)
Minna-san, sayonara! Ima, Purincessu Kenni tomodachi ni kaerimasu! 
(Hey you guys, wait up for me!)  (Waaah!) 
(You guys, I'm gonna try and win that costume contest!)
(Let's see... No, not there)  (Let's see. Nothing there)  (Let's see... here!) 
My dearest friends.
I am living amongst the natives in the remote and tiny island of Kava'i. What can I tell you of this mysterious island and its people? It is a place of wonder, and yet to the outsider like me, a place of odd tradition. The people here are peaceful and joyous, and seem to care little for the rush and worry of the outside world. Their diet is mostly an odd mixture of coconut milk, pineapple juice, and vodka, which they call the chi-chi. As for Butters, he is quickly learning the ways of his ancestors, and seems to be feeling better with every passing day. He still seems quite angry at times, but luckily his ceremony will finally take place on the morrow.
(Cartman's ass is so fuckin' huge that they could probably show six stupid films on it and still have some room, heheheheheh) 
(I'm not ruining my life, okay, you God damned fucking psychos.)
(I just threw my ninja star at him.)
(Waarrggh!!)  (Dude! You guys, I really, really don't have time to tell you that-- Argghh..!) 
("And I want to see you handling your breasts.")
(I did! I was really excited to get a B.J. but now I have to wear this motherfucking purity ring!)
(Oh you forgot to get some Judas Priest.)
(Hey, just accept Faith Hilling is out of style!)
(Yeah.)  (It isn't fair I was so close to getting a blow job and I'll never get one now - this is fucking bullshit...) 
I don't know. I really don't give a shit.
(I don't care. I've gotta get some protection.)
(Come on, Squirts, we gotta run! We're already god-damned late!)
(See, a tampon is what you stick up your ass so you don't bleed.)
(Sir, please, I'm supposed to get laid for the first time on Saturday.)
(Please, could you just let him on the plane? It's really important. Please?)
(Yeah, that's because you vomit on her all the time.) 
To wit, I have found nothing wrong with this remote place, and I must admit it will be with some melancholy that I will leave this island and return home.
I saw this chick in a bikini on the beach too. She had the nicest boobs ever.
Humbly yours, Kenneth.
My dear friends of the mainland,
What adventures I have found on the tiny island of Kava'i. I have truly become one with the natives, who found new courage to fight their oppressors.
