Take takeru o da ne? 

Ohhh, cute!

This sure is a nice car, Tommy.  Would you like to get a picture of me tebowing in it?

Shut up, Teresa. You're pathetic!

Yeah, this will be a great place to spend spring break. 

Hey ladies, are you looking for a better workout?

...well fuck you.

We've gotta just wait it out.

Best of all, Shake Weight tells you when your workout is finished by chiming and releasing a cool-down spray. 

If you develop an allergic reaction, see your doctor. In some cases Vagisil can lead to short-term memory loss.

Oh my God, it's coming!

When a woman isn't feeling her freshest, she turns to Vagisil-

Then a little boy called me a skank.

Ohohh, this is so handy!  Thank you!

He jumped down from the fire escape stairs, and then he just ran off. We barely got a look at him.

The things did involve stuff, yes. 

Yeah, when a man pees standing up, it's normal, but when a woman does it, it's "weeeird."

Just terrific what you boys are doing.

My Harry died last year!

Hurry, hurry! AAAAA!  Eeeaaah! 

That's the preschool teacher, Ms. Claridge. Poor woman suffered such horrible burns she can only communicate by... beeping once for yes and twice for no. 

Fuck you, you son of a bitch! 

Oh, my God! 

To stop feminine itching, and relieve vaginal odors.

Order now and we'll include the optional heart rate monitor. Just put your finger in the tester.  and Shake Weight takes your pulse.  Get yours today.

You just shake it. Back and forth.

Travis, did you take out the garba-whaaa? 

Kill her! 

Hi there.

How cultural. 

Introducing the Shake Weight. A spring-loaded workout device you pump with your arms. Just grab the piston and go to work. One-handed or double-fisted.

The incredible Harvey Fierstein?

Tommy, d-did you get the picture?

This sounds like poo.

I broke the dam.

How?

Mmm-hmm.

Well when I see how this ladder has brought people together, how... how it has changed America, I mean, how can I not believe?

Right here is good.  Thank you. I can just use the app to tip you, right?

Yeah, it really guilt-trips you into believing. 

