You made my sister into a slut! I'll kill you! 

Uh. The fat kid told us to take it. 

You're out of control.  You did this to my sister!

Enough of this! You kids are all in big trouble! 

But I want to play with the other children. O, how they laugh and play, Papá.

"Conscientious." C O N S C I E N T I O U S.

Yeah. I got the job. You're looking at the new manager of Denny's in Breckenridge.

You shut up! Your girlfriend is not joining our band!

You dip! I'm gonna whip your bitch ass! 

Is that what happened to the adults here?! You lied to the police and said they molested you?! My God, they were your parents!

No parents in the entire town? What happened to them?

It was nice competing against you boys. We will have to do it again sometime.

Oh, papá. Can I at least go to the dance tomorrow?

Strange, friends would call each other names and fight.

I'll do anything to get to a phone!

The birth-givers! Your birth-givers.  Don't you remember? They are your providers! Not some statue! And they're not up in some fantastical faraway land now.  They're in prison. Probably crying themselves to sleep, cold and lonely and... I'm sure missing you all very, very much.  Your birth-givers took care of you. That's what their laws and their rules were for, because they love you, and they didn't want you to end up living like... th-this!  He won't take care of you. Your parents... your... providers... will.

I don't think we have any that'll even fit them!

Why can't I go to school with the other boys?

Look, I have the job interview of my life in less than-  -12 hours! I just need a phone, and he said he'd help me if I took your book so you couldn't... kill them anymore.

Alright, we've had just about enough here! That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen! I don't care what little games you kids wanna play, we just want outta here, alright? 

Please, Papá. Just let me try it for a few days.

I have the job interview of my life in Breckenridge! Just tell me how to get to a phone or a car!

I just think that all this sex ed and condom talk in elementary school is wrong!

Wow. That is about the nicest Trapper Keeper I've ever seen. 

Yeah, I guess you're right. Maybe we should have some.

Now, can I please have the cell phone?

You mean you would actually duct-tape my entire body to a bench? For what purpose?

I just feel like I should go to public school, if only for a little while. To see what other little boys are like.

But I want to go back tomorrow, papá.

Well, Stan, it's all a matter of faith.

No, uh, it's it's it's right out here. Come on.  Linda, I want you to just go back to the car and wait for me, alright? I'll go get that fat kid's book so I can use their phone.

Well that does it. I'm gonna have to report this.  Car one to base--  Aghh! 

No. I live right over there.  I've lived there all my life.

Well, I told you I can't deal with kids, Linda! That's why I don't want to have children!

Look! If getting the stupid book will get me a cell phone, I don't care!

She's upstairs playing Doctor with that Kyle boy.

Oh, so now that they want us, you think you can waltz, um, back into our lives and be in the band again? 

I see. It's like, you have to mark your territory as a boy. You have to socially find your place.

Alright, kid! We demand to see an adult this instant!

Why do you call Kyle names and laugh at him? Is he not your friend?

Well, what are you kids gonna do now?

Oh, let's not go through this again, Linda. D-  Look, here's the book they've been talking about-  it makes no sense.

My parent teach me. So I stay at home instead of going to school.

I know, but this will all be over soon.

Ah! Stick and stones may break my bones, but words will never harm me.

Don't be scared. They're just kids.  Where are your parents?!

Only the most important person in the world.

If you want things to be the way they were in the before time, in the long, long ago, you all need to call the police and tell them you lied about them M word. 

...Okay, I'm scared now, too. That freaked me out.

Yeah, I agree with the last caller. I was in a restaurant and ordered the gluten-free quinoa salad, and a guy right next to me was eating a sandwich. It's like "Get your second-hand gluten away from me!"

I know letting your kids out into the world is scary. I know you wish nothing bad would ever happen to us. But bad things will happen, and we have to start learning now how to deal with those things. 

Ah-ah-ah-ah,let me get this straight: if I go get the fat kid's book on the other side of the white line, you'll show me where a cell phone is?

Skyler, Timmy is what made our band famous.

Calm down, papá!  Everything is all right.  You see, I've learned something today. Public schools may be a bit lacking in education, but it's the main place where children learn all of their social skills. You can't teach a child social skills. They have to learn them themselves. And the only place to do that is on the playground, in the cafeteria, and so on.  Don't you see, papá? That's what happened to your daughter. You tried so hard to keep her from anything sexual, and now look at her. She's a God-damned whore, papá. 

