They went that way.  Look out! They have bear mace!
Third cubicle on the left  Hey! Aren't you that cute little kid from Jerry Maguire?
O...kay, but if you've got a problem with Family Guy, you'll have to wait in line.  That little boy over there has an appointment to try and get Family Guy off the air altogether. 
Oooo, I watch that show all the time. 
Ms. Cartman, uh- eight years old is a little late to be considering abortion.
They're all protesting outside, saying our system isn't fair to the 99% of them.
Welcome to South Park Milk Company. Can I help you?
Yes, this is what we would refer to as the "fortieth trimester".
Who does? Nobody likes what the Wall-Mart does, but it keeps... right on doing it.
Sir? Sir, do you remember the kids from that South Park Elementary School?
Sure. If I could get a description of the child to print underneath the photo? 
I don't see you on the list, Mr. Clinton.
Hello and welcome to Steinburg & Burgstein. Can I help you?
Wuh... But we prefer to abort babies a little- ...earlier on; in fact, there's a law against abortions after the second trimester.
And exactly what kind of business are you running?
Please, Mrs. Thompson, it'll be alright.  Listen, the South Park Dairy Company is the country's largest. We find lost children all the time.  We can help you find Tommy with the company's database!
Well you just give us a try. I think you'll find that South Park Milk  is not only the best resource for finding kids,  but also the best producer of the freshest 2% lowfat milk the world can offer. 
In charge? I guess that would be Harvey Brown. He's the current president of Wall-Mart. One of the original creators.
Sorry Doctor, your wife's on the phone? Says it's an emergency. 
Mr. and Mrs. Thompson, how long has it been since you've seen your son?
Uoh well, we can do that. This must be a very difficult time for you, Mrs...
Oh Larry! This young man has some new fetuses for research.
... yes, I see.  Uh, but the child on the milk carton was reported missing, not found.
Oh, right, the fetuses. We were very lucky you called. Our last shipment of fetuses was lost in a truck accident.
Yes, Ms. Cartman. If you don't feel fit to raise a child, then abortion probably is the answer. Do you know the actual time of conception?
Mr. Thompson, how did your son become missing? Was he abducted?
Oh, of course. Printing those photos on our milk really does help. Do you have the photo with you?
Hmmmmm. Tsk, I'm afraid I can't help you, Ms. Cartman. If you want to change the law, you'll have to speak with your congressman.
