Same M.O., sir. Multiple stab wounds, left hand cut off and missing.

That's right.  I think we'll take a hundred percent now.

This body also had a missing hand and a bowl of corn flakes next to it!

Uhhh, that, that's it. Move in! 

All right, here's a hundred dollars.

We'd better get back to the station, sir.

They're dead!

LOOK, we all work hard! And we deserve more than the thirty-thousand a year we get paid! So what if we take in a little on the side?

Sir, sssome of us are wwwondering if maybe y-you're not... taking this role a bit far?

We would give you a reward, but I guess that knowing the people of South Park are safe again is reward enough.

Maybe you decided you needed to tell him about our... bonus money.

We've got no information on the prostitutes, don't know who they are or where they came from.

That's right. We're partners in the drug business. Everything was fine until these "supercops" joined the force. 

Eh something strange is happening with the computers. 

You're certainly a better psychic then Eric.

So, what did you boys have to say to the lieutenant?

Right.

What is it, Lou?

Sir! Sir, take a look at this. We've got rumors coming in of a possible "prostitution company" starting up in South Park.

Ohhh. 

Do you think that's true?

...Restraint?

I don't know. How do we know this kid is really psychic? I mean, this boy is certainly no Eric Cartman. 

Sir?

Her name is... Veronica Crabtree, bus driver for the elementary school. She was considered an ancillary character, one the fans wouldn't miss much.

No problem, sir. No problem at all.

Duuuh, which button do I hit again, boss?  Just kidding. You know how there's always the dumb guy in sting operations in the movies? I was, you know I was actin', I was actin' like him, eheh, oh.

Jesus, how did he...?

Sir?

We're inside, sir. Harris was right. This guy looks like he has more money than all of us put together. Black sonofabitch!  I'm planting the cocaine now. 

Remember, he's going to give us the code word to move in. Wait for the code word, "stretch."

Quiet! He's havin' a vision!

Sting operation, sir?

That's right.  Sometimes partnerships need to end.  Well, supercops, looks like I'll be taking in all the money now. I'm in business alone. And that means that the only person I can't trust... is myself. 

The killer always cuts off the left hand of his victim, and keeps it as a trophy. 

Heh- sir?

We'll pay you up front this time! We've gotta catch this new guy before he kills again.

Heh, pretty amazing coincidence that guy had a bunch of hands on his wall. Heh, no wonder that boy thought he was a killer.

Come on! We all skim a little off the top. Oh. Or are you too good for that?  So you think you're gonna waltz in here and clean up the system. Is that it?

Aw, come on, sir.

...Sir?

Relax, Hopkins!  All fun and games, right?  Soho, tell us, rookies, you ah... find yourself a little bonus in that house??

