And sources say that the new film will star Ben Affleck.

With this kind of support, Tom, these boys are sure to have a victory for gays. Back to you.

Tom, if irony were made of strawberries, we'd all be drinking a lot of smoothies right now.

Mass murderer and extremely nasty person Charles Manson has escaped from prison! Manson was the man responsible for seven murders in the late '60's. Manson has never shown any signs of remorse for his crimes. If you see Manson, please kick his ass and smash his fucking face in for me, and then call the police. And now back to the game.

Kids do it because it's legal.  What can you do before it's too late? 

We interrupt this cool song for a news bulletin. A verdict has just been handed down in the case of George Zimmerman. In a shocking turn of events, the jury has found George Zimmerman not guilty!

A high speed car chase is happening right now on interstate 3. We go now to our live sky-fi helicopter.

The government is looking for a Patient Zero, going only off of this sketch which was found in a notebook at the airport.
Anyone with information regarding Patient Zero is asked to contact the authorities immediately.

This artist rendition of Mysterion has already generated thousands of copies.

The Disney purity ring venture will now most likely prove a marketing bust, as Mickey returns to Valhalla to slumber and feed. 

...and so, just weeks after the devastating attack of mutant genetic creatures, zombies, and Thanksgiving turkeys, the town of South Park has managed to rebuild itself, once again be-  Oh, Goddammit, not again! 

Passenger said the Carnival cruise line smelled like poop, but that that was an improvement.

The superconducting magnet was stolen sometime last week. Surveillance cameras were able to record the theft on tape and police are now looking for  Princess Leia Organa of Alderaan. Caught here in these photos, the troubled rebel princess is seen taking the superconducting magnet and then appearing disoriented as she tries to find her way out.  If you have any information of Princess Leia's whereabouts, please call your local police department.

It's a scene of utter despair and catastrophe. Oil from the ocean is spill out out of control, and the rescue effort seems futile.

Is there any hope for stopping the zombie apocalypse?  CNN has just received word that the government has learned the identity of Patient Zero.  The nine year old threat to humanity has been tracked down, and measures are being taken to stop him.

Tom, it looks like these cute little girls have made it out of that armpit of a country they call Romania.

Tom, I'm standing in the town square where just moments ago it was declared that AIDS... can finally be joked about. What a great day for humanity

Tom, in just one week the video has become the most watched thing in all of America.  The boy in the video, referred to by most as "that little gay kid",  has already been asked to appear on Jimmy Kimmel and The Today Show.

An embarrassing day for the toilet safety administration. Shocking outrage ensued after an unknown terrorist managed to get through TSA security with a gun and a baby. Leaving the toilet seat up. The head TSA chief of operations had this to say:

Tom, it appears that Bruce Vilanch has arrived on the scene wearing a rat costume.

Many African-Americans are outraged by the verdict, and they are most likely about to go totally nanners. 

The NASCAR fan vows he will try to do it again, but that this time, he'll win.

Uh Tom, apparently, Gene Hackman, the man who played Superman's enemy Lex Luthor in the movies, has now shown up as a celebrity protester of stem-cell research. If that isn't ironic, Tom, I don't knw what is.

Tom, I'm standing in front of a house where a religious cult is planning to commit mass suicide when the meteor shower starts.

Creatures from another dimension continue to wreak havoc in the Gulf, and the question everyone is asking is, "Where is Captain Hindsight?"

The rally has also caught the attention of high-powered lawyer, Gloria Allred.

First, a wave of 911 calls about a virus, and now a plane has apparently gone down in the Colorado Rocky Mountains. Is this the beginning of the end?

Tom, the DP Oil Company has had another drilling accident.  This time they appear to have unleashed the dark and mighty Cthulhu.  The rise of Cthulhu from another dimension brings about three thousand years of darkness, Tom, where we will all be driven to madness and made to service Cthulhu's cult as slaves. The president of DP Oil released this press statement:

Huh?

Meanwhile, outraged civilians are claiming they're finally fed up with the overblown government bureaucracy.

Well, one things for sure, tensions are high and pressure is mounting on the South Park Mayor to do something.

The impossible has happened. Mysterion, beloved protector of the city, is dead. Who will save us now?

In a teary-eyed courtroom, Johnnie Cochran has just finished his closing arguments, and, as anticipated, he did use the Chewbacca defense.  Whether or it worked... is up to the jury to decide.

You've become sort of a poster child for privacy and drone issues.

And now, for a special announcement from the President of the United States.

Tom, the Disney Jonas Brothers 3D Television Special has failed, costing the Disney Company millions, and once again Mickey is pissed off and throwing a fit.

Hold on just a minute! This is Derek Smalls reporting. We have just received an exclusive video from inside the house , proving that the people inside are not cultists after all.

Chef, how does it feel to be a free man and finally have your name credited on the song, "Stinky Britches"?

Setting them on fire seems a little dangerous, commander.

The key proponent of the cat ban has been charged with cheesing in a public park. Gerald Broflovski is prepared to give a public statement.

First, there was planking.  People taking pictures of themselves in a planked position and putting the photos on the Internet. Planking was soon replaced by owling.  And after the super bowl by bradying.  But the newest meme involves pulling the shirt out to look like boobs.  It's called Faith Hilling. And all around the world people are doing it.  Kids, adults, and even notable celebrities are getting into the act.  But as Faith Hilling is more and more popular, the question on everyone's mind, who will be the first to die doing it?

What's this? Uh, Tom, it looks as if the KKK have shown up to express their opinion.

As Holy Saturday comes to an end, the Easter vigil at the Vatican begins. Thousand have turned out to hear the Pope and celebrate the Resurrection.  For this Easter vigil the Pope is also showing his divine grace by feeding the poor, with a massive rabbit stew. 

A billion billionaires are gathering their ranks and will be marchng on the town square tonight  in South Park to petition the end of separate bars, bus seating and restaurants. It looks like it will be a great turnout, as some of the millionaires also paid several thousand Mexicans to march for them. 

Tom, I'm standing out in front of the Mayor's office, where the big liar, Jared, is once again about to speak. Apparently, Jared hopes to regain his celebrity hero status, which was lost when he announced that it was AIDS, not sub sandwiches, that caused him to lose weight. Let's listen in.

Yes.

Tom, the South Park Mall says they've beefed up security in an effort to reduce the number of fatalities this year. One thing's for sure, people take Black Friday very seriously.

I'm standing now with Danny Ganz, the commander of the ATF. Commander, what is the latest?

Today apparently will be the day! CNN has just received word that a verdict in the George Zimmerman trial is expected to come at any moment! Zimmerman is accused of shooting Trayvon Martin, and a jury will now decide his fate.

Our first encounter with extraterrestrial life is about to happen. Will it be like in Star Trek: First Contact? Or will it be more like Contact, with Jody Foster? 

Tom, I'm standing out front of the South Park Mayor's Office, where both sides of this debate have gathered.

Tomorrow the whole world will be tuning in as over 4 million children play "My Country 'Tis Of Thee" on their recorders.  It is by far the largest gathering of little plastic recorders in human history. Yoko Ono has...

The ATF commander tells us that he has reason to believe there may be children inside and that they are the primary concern of all. There are choppers here along with several tanks.  The commander is very concerned about what the mood is inside.

Mr. Marsh, you must be very proud of your son.

What about the prehistoric ice man?

You won't believe what Britney's done now. The troubled pop star has just been spotted with a crazy "no top part of my head" look. This video  was taken just hours ago as Britney was wheeled into the hospital for some reason. And if we zoom in on the footage, right, ri-right here , you can also definitely see a boob job scar. No doubt now that she's had plastic surgery in the past.

As hundreds of people to try and get a glimpse of the superhero, one question remains: Who is Mysterion? 

Tom, an elementary school teacher is under arrest for allegedly having an affair... with one of her young students. The case is shocking, due mostly to the fact that the teacher... is pretty hot, Tom. If the accusations are true, then... damn! Uh, looks like the defendant and her lawyer are about to give a statement, Tom.

Earlier, the South Park townspeople voiced their opinion.

Tom, several years ago, actor Christopher Reeve had a horrible accident and was paralyzed. The irony, of course, is that the man who played Superman could no longer walk. America watched in wonder as he managed to move one of his fingers, then his arms. And now, seen for the first time on HBC, Christopher Reeve is going to lift a truck up over his head. 

It just... keeps going on and on. Kind of like your...  I mean... it just... goes outside what most people would call... acceptable.

We just received a photo from the recon team of the action inside the house  showing evidence that there are indeed innocent children trapped inside. Those sick cult fanatic bastards!

As more and more cities are affected by the growing ash and the death toll rises to 3,000,  people from all over the country are looking to the Mayor of South Park for answers.  And it appears as if the Mayor is going to explain matters now.

The dark and evil Cthulhu is bringing his angry wrath down upon the Burning Man Festival, Tom. Cthulhu isn't behaving as most scientists had speculated, Tom, but the dark lord is wreaking havoc everywhere and-

So, what are you gonna do now?

Tom, I'm standing at the home in South Park where five precious little girls have been rescued from Romania. Their mother passes away some months ago, and then their grandmother died trying to bring them here. But all is well now, and people are coming from all over the country to view the little tykes.  If you'd like to come down and visit the quintuplets, admission is only $5, and for a few dollars more , you can feed them fishsticks.

Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn. Praise the dark Cthulhu, long may he reign.

For hours now, the ATF has tried to communicate with the religious fanatics inside this house. The meteor shower is expected to begin at any moment, and so time is running out.

So how can you tell if your child is cheesing? 
1. Your child seems distant, preoccupied.
2. Your child's face smells like cat urine.
3. When you see tigers at the zoo, your child starts grinding his or her teeth.
You might also notice by certain phrases your child says to school friends, such as "Hey, let's go cheese." or "Do you feel like cheesing, guys?" or "Dude, I'm cheesing my F-ing brains out right now."

Fascinating news tonight from South Park. An ancient discovery of a prehistoric man actually frozen in ice. A team of scientists continues to try and unfreeze the body so that it can be autopsied, and studied. The caveman was discovered by Kyle Broflovski, who had this to say:

Tom, I'm standing outside the Denver Center For The Performing Arts, where the new production of "Annie" has just premiered to cries of outrage.  A rapidly-growing organization called The Ginger Separatist Movement is furious that the lead role of Annie  is being played by a girl  who isn't actually red-haired and freckled. Joining me now is the gingers' head spokesperson, Eric Cartman.

We interrupt this broadcast for a news bulletin.

More news on the Washington Redskins tonight. Their defiant. F-You attitude has now caught the attention of the terrorist group ISIS. The terrorists said they admire the Washington Redskins and want to try it and follow their business model.

Little Stan Marsh is the pitcher for the South Park Little League team, and Stan, how does it feel to be playing for the State Championship?

Tom, I'm standing in New York City, but it could just as well be any town on Earth right now. The desolation, the damage is exactly the same in every city the whole world over. It's been just under 20 hours since everyone on Earth pooped their pants, and people still roam their damaged homes with disbelief, and loss. Rick?

Tom, I'm standing outside the Hadron particle super-collider in Switzerland, where authorities are shocked and baffled over the theft of a superconducting bending magnet created for use in tests with particle acceleration.

Tom, it is now Easter morning, and as the U.S. government promised, they are here to take the girls back to their father in Romania. Rumor has it that Janet Reno herself will be extraditing the quintuplets. 

All over America, kids are getting high... on cat urine!  Huffing cat urine apparently causes a euphoric state  and is also referred to as... cheesing.  Why "cheesing"? Because it's "fon to due".  This sixth grade girl said she's been snorting cat piss for several months.

Tom, I'm standing in South Park, Colorado, where Earth Day 2001 is in full force.  Environmental awareness games, booths, and of course,  the entertainment on stage, which is being broadcast live all over the country. This eco-happy crowd is thrilled and waiting in anticipation for the arrival of Terrance and Phillip, who are promised by these four boys. 

On Friday, South Park Elementary will present its debate, and after the debate, there will finally be a vote. Preliminary polls show three in favor of changing the flag, three against changing the flag, and 4382 undecided. Z So the pressure in on those South Park kids!

Two Boulder children died today while Oh Long Johnsoning in a battling cage. Oh Long Johnsonning is of course the latest Internet meme which involves putting oneself in a risky situation and then seeing how many times you can say "Oh Long Johnson" on video before getting out of the way.

Tom, the NASCAR fan got into a car here on Sunday and crashed in the lake behind me. He was later found to have ingested this  Maximum Strength Vagisil. And also Vagisil medicated wipes. Making NASCAR fans look ...pretty stupid, Tom.

Words to live by.

What harm do you believe this actress is doing to the true red-haired community?

The cat is now under arrest and awaiting trial for its part in the teenager's death.

I didn't see the video. I don't believe in doing that, but uh... I'm just saying that... the situation in in your town is... unwieldy? 

What is that?

This is a shot of New York City where the... giant guinea pigs have also attacked.

Tom, the irony is even more irony-y as it appears that the stem cells have given Christopher Reeve almost superhuman strength.

Tom, I'm standing out in front of Henry's Supermarket where five brave little boys are holding a rally to support gays in scouting. The rally is drawing so much attention that people from all over the country are taking media notice.

Just moments ago, a couple emerged from the house.  According to the ATF, the couple refused to cooperate, then pulled out very big guns and started shooting everyone. The ATF had no choice but to shoot the insane couple, and now a standoff has ensued.

Hey, wait a minute. Where's her camel toe?!

Excuse me, but what proof do you have that those people inside are religious fanatics?

The rally has also caught the attention of old Scouts members, like Steven Spielberg, director of such films as Always and 1941.

Should the Klan be allowed to rally on the steps of the Capitol? Here's what some people think.

A strange turn of events here at the Vatican: Pope Benedictus has stepped down, ushering the new era of... Pope Bill Donohue

And so on this 15th day of what is considered to be the most important trial of the…day, Johnnie Cochran has appeared to defend Capitalist Records. The question now is, will Cochran use his famous Chewbacca defense?

Tom, over five years ago, doctors told Christopher Reeve that he would never walk again, but the resilient actor fought back, struggled against all odds, and has now built his very own Legion of Doom!  The once immobile Mr. Reeve's new organization will be committed to world domination and evil. What an inspirational story, Tom.

The world holds its breath as an alien ship prepares to land. Now that our planet has achieved warp speed, we're about to be welcomed into the universal society. All thanks to a father and son who broke the warp barrier using only the parts in this  Pinewood Derby car kit.

Tom, I'm standing out front of the Stem Cell Research Facility with terrific news. Christopher Reeve, who was once paralyzed, claims that he can now stand.

Tom, I'm standing in South Park, Colorado, where a desperate attempt to save the town is underway. Some call it a suicide mission, but the heroic men and women of the hippie digger may be our only hope of survival. 

With Captain Hindsight missing, what superheroes can save the Gulf now?

Dr. Mephesto, could you please tell us what's going on?

Tom, I'm standing here with the little sluggers and some of their parents, and I can't tell you how excited they are.

...And she was forced to live off her own feces for several days. In national news,  a frightening radical group from Colorado is making its way across the Southern states of America.  The group is recruiting new members in every town they pass through, and rapidly growing in number.  So authorities have decided to call in the National Guard. The groups seems to be led by military mastermind and right-wing radical Jimbo Kern , who is known for his guerrilla-fighting and leadership skills.

Uh yes, but you totally screwed up Waco. You killed a bunch of innocent people and then tried to say they killed themselves.

This latest Internet meme is shocking. But most shocking of all is the person who started the meme isn't a person at all, but a cat who seems to have no regard for people's safety.

People here in Chicago, New Jersey are riled up, P-Train. Apparently, a town called South Park, which is at the border of Denver, New Jersey, is discriminating against people from Jersey! They won't sell houses to people from Jersey, and they're making all the ones who moved in move out.  And they're takin' down all the Jersey-owned shops!  It's like these people got a beef with Jersey. What's up with that?!

Another high-alert status for terrorists activity this weekend.  The government said "bad things are likely to happen."  Meanwhile, the world continues to back down from their support of the United States  saying that they were really only kidding to begin with.

We are in Colorado where the red cow was discovered, and apparently, two boys have shocking news that might change everything.

Tom, the crowd just keeps getting bigger and the town is literally bursting at the seams. We don't know where this music festival came from, but, it's very close to consuming us all.

The prehistoric ice man is thought to be from the late neo-post-Jurassic era, where he was probably part of a hunting and gathering tribe that lived on Waterston Street.

Tom, many celebrities have spoken out in protest of stem-cell research, but, after seeing this, how can they protest now? 

