It's like a skit, where you reenact the death and glorious resurrection of Jesus Christ.

No I didn't! All that's dead are your stupid laws and rules!  You've forgotten what being a Catholic is all about.  This... book. You see, these are just stories.  Stories that are meant to help people in the right direction. Love your neighbor. Be a good person.  That's it! And when you start turning the stories into literal translations of hierarchies and power, well... Well, you end up with this.  People are losing faith because they don't see how what you've turned the religion into applies to them! They've lost touch with any idea of any kind of religion, and when they have no mythology to try and live their lives by, well, they just start spewing a bunch of crap out of their mouths! 

Well, I mean, obviously, what we need to put a stop to is all the sexual misconduct that is allowed to take place in our churches, and not just tell the children not to tell anybody about it. I mean, right?

Parents, it's that time of year again when the bishops and priests from around the country are organizing the Young Men's Catholic Retreat. This year, we're taking the boys on a weekend boat trip to discuss Jesus's role as the Navigator of our lives.

I hope to see all of you in church this Sunday.

Hell is a very real place, Mr. and Mrs. Marsh. I'm trying to save their souls and the souls of everyone in this town from the wretched lake of fire!

Thank you, Mr. Mackey. Hello, everyone. Today, we're going to talk about hell.  Hell is not a very nice place. Burning, searing, flames. Screaming, torture. For eternity. Once you are in hell, you cannot escape. You live forever in horrible pain, in burning agony. All sinners are there in misery, dying over and over and over.  If you be cast down into this black bog of stench, then woe is thou,  for Satan has made it the most miserable place in the universe!  And he will be your ruler!  Your ruler of pain and agony!

Because Halloween is an abomination of God. I would do anything to stop this wretched, unholy holiday!

Look, I, I'm proud to be a Catholic. But I'm a Catholic in the real world. In today's world! It's time for you all to do that, too. It is time... for change.

Uh... Good-bye, everyone.

M-Mrs. Donovan is a temptress from hell! 

Alright, that does it!!! I've had enough!!! You people have completely lost touch with the outside world! You sit in this big room with your Gelgameks and your Queen Spider, and none of it applies to what being a Catholic is all about!!

I tell you, Mayor, these Japanese are trying to change our American children somehow!

Queen spider?

Your  con- confession does not leave this box.

Yes, I have returned with the Holy Document of Vatican Law, so can we PLEASE, change  it now to say, "It's NOT okay to have sex with boys"? 

I know who you are and what you stand for! I think your music and Halloween is an abomination!

I... I'm trying to find the Holy Document of Vatican Law. ...So that we can make revisions to it.

Eric, God could sure use that money for a bigger church.

Whoa!  Son of a bitch!

KoRn is a devil-worshiping group that plays violent music! If we allow that demon band to play on this most unholy of holidays, we may incur the full wrath of evil!

Do you, Chef, take this woman as your lawful-wedded wife, to have and to-

And now a special sharing of vows through song.

Oh for the love of God! Are you all saying that you've engaged in inappropriate relations with your altar boys? We are here to bring the light of God, not harm the innocent!  I'm serious!

Right, and so... wa- wait a minute. What?

Oh. Well, Uh arr-I'm sure he would forgive you if he knew.

No.

Gelgameks?

Now, let us pray.  Lord, though we have lost Neil Smith to free agency and Steve Atwater to the Jets, still, we hope our beloved Broncos can bring home another Super Bowl championship, and once again bathe in the glory of your light. Amen.

Oh! Huh huh. Huh huh.  Oh, forgive me, heavenly Father! I've sinned against you!

Blessed art thou, child. Now, what do you have to confess?

Well, has your friend ever confessed or been baptized?

Okayokay, fine! 

Dear God. This problem is much more severe than I could have possibly imagined. I have to go to the Vatican and get help.

The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away. Sometimes the giveth seems a little disproportionate to the taketh. There seems to be a lot more takething going on, but there it is. Perhaps if more of you attended church on Sundays , the Lord would not have felt it necessary to punish us by takething this little boy...

Uh-yes, uh, I'm afraid if things keep going the way they are, we could lose our entire religion.

Uhuh. Kids, uh.

Then, hell awaits him.

Oh. You're the little Jewish boy, right?

Today, we are going to talk about hell. 

Ahh, hello. Uh- My name is Father Maxi, from the United States.

Well, well, well. A lot of you came to church. Looks like we're a little "nervous" about this spontaneous combustion thing, huh?

To hell with the Holy Document of Vatican Law!! 

I... see.

Very well. Here we go.  Hmmm, there's a ladder up here.  Oh my God, a rattlesnake!  A way back up!  I've made it! Praise be to God! He hath shown me the way!  This must be it. The Holy Document of Vatican Law. 

Whoa, whoa, hold on a second! The problem is that children are being molested, not that they're reporting it! 

Let's go Broncos

No.

Uh well then, perhaps we could change the Holy Document of Vatican Law to say that... it's okay for a priest or bishop or cardinal to have sex... with women. 

Thank you, boys. Blessed be the name of Jesus!

A place of everlasting agony and pain! Hell awaits all sinners and all who do not accept Christ!  Children in this town have not been attending Sunday school after Mass! And adults have not been coming to Confession! If this does not change, I promise you, you will be going to the black pit of Satan's world!  That is all. Peace be with you. 

Oh my. 

Why not?!

Boys, I haven't seen you in church lately.

People, people, please! You're forgetting that homosexuality is a choice! As many of you know, I, myself, went through a... homosexual... phase. But the light of Christ showed me how to change. Just give me two hours with this man, and I can convert him back.

You're not too Jewish to worship Jesus, are you?

We're sorry we took your time, gentlemen.

Nice guys. 

Huh?

Good. Boys, how would you like to perform the Stations of the Cross this Friday night?

No, I mean! I've never molested any of the children in my church!

Broncos

Look, people! I'm just trying to say that if we don't change the Holy Document of Vatican Law, then we might lose everyone to atheism!

I have to try. Our religion is in trouble, and... and that scroll may be our only hope!

Let's go

Boys, it is your Christian duty to save the souls of your friends!

Halloween is an abomination of God! A celebration of the occult-eh!

And do you, Veronica, take Chef to be your daddy?

Well, for one, no sex with boys. 

Well, what are you waiting for, Barbrady?! Arrest that band!

I'm just saying, what works on planet Gelgamek isn't necessarily goin' ta work for the rest of us here, on Earth. You see? That's the problem we're having here.

Fathers, I want to thank you all for coming.

They SHOULD be worried! Boys, it is your Christian duty to save the souls of your friends!

I warned you! I told you this would happen!  When you allow bands like KoRn to come to town and play your hedonistic Halloween concerts, this is what you get!

Wonderful. Here's a book on how to perform it. Don't let me down, boys. 

Well, young man, you can rest assured that according to Matthew 25, when you die you will stand before God and he will will say, "Depart from me, you cursèd, into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels." Yes! As a Jew, your home will be the lake of fire.

And he shall be remembered as the peaceful little boy who warmed his parent's hearts.  Lord, as we commit this child's body to the earth, may we ask it'd be the last child you strike down so mercilessly. We know this request to be futile, Lord, but just though we would ask. 

