Into the wheeled chariot that strucketh me!  We must make haste to Cape Cod! 
Now make way, children! For I have a war to fight!  For stuffing!! 
Thank you, Kyle of DeVry Institute. Now the Indians can be stopped and Thanksgiving will be saved!
Now attack their left flank! Good! They're retreating! Hit them with the anti-Indian device! 
How now, Indian?! Why hast thy race sent me here to Earth?!
I have been told of your expertise, Kyle of DeVry Institute. I need your wisdom to get back to my planet.
Then get us to Cape Cod as soon as possible!
Please, Kyle of DeVry Institute. There is no more time for squabbles. The universe is at stake!
We shall make camp here for the night. On the morrow perhaps we can reach Cape Cod. And Thanksgiving may yet be saved.  What is wrong with Kyle of DeVry Institute?
HA1 Ha ha ha ha ha ha!  Then you are only just a remarkably gifted child!  Here, let me show you. Your planet is one of the five.  Plymouth, Indi, Colthenheim, and this planet over here nobody really cares about.  The five are connected by a series of wormholes.  My people came to your world, and so did our enemies. But we made a treaty, and for 300 years our people have not fought. But now, the treaty is over.
He seems almost like a Puritan lady whose period hath stopped.  I fear, Kyle, that you still do not know whose side to be on.
Earth is connected to Plymouth by this wormhole here. Once I get back I will assemble my people to attack Indi, and gain control of the stuffing mines. If all goes as planned, you will all have stuffing in time for Thanksgiving.
Hold your lying tongue!  This shall prove if thou art Indian or not!  Ah, he was not.
Hast thy race attacked our stuffing mines and sent me here to die?! Tell me, Indian!
Ah ha ha ha! Of course not! You have the correct symbol, but you are missing the keeper of the portal.
Stay back, all of you! For I will get to Cape Cod and cannot be stopped! Come boys! Let us fight to the death!
I trust none but them!  Indians hath betrayed us! I must return to Plymouth so my king can know the truth! 
It must have been very difficult for you, being the one on your planet with his wild theories that Pilgrims and Indians were not of this world.
