What's that? 

Where are you going, Stan?

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!

Yes sir.

Hitler was famous too.

Hey Stan, you wanna maybe study together after school?

That's not true, Red. Everyone has something that makes them unique. 
Everyone is special in their own way.
Move to the beat and let your spirit out! 

...But what does she do?

Yeah. Thank God.

Don't let anything happen to it, please. 

What?

Hey guys, these games coming up are really big and it would mean a lot to us if you could try and make it. Thanks. 

Oh good. Lisa Berger told on you? Good!

Wait a minute. Wait, Stan, I think I've got something!  Take a look at this: during final deliberation of the list for cutest boy, seven girls gave Clyde a glitter rating of only one sparkle.

We ARE here because of you, Eric, so just keep your mouth shut!

Will somebody do something? Every week he gets worse and nobody does anything!

So then at a time when people really need to come together you cancel on 'em? I'm pretty sure Scott Malkinson still has diabetes.

This is a nice surprise. I thought you were never speaking to me again.

Do you have any idea how embarrassed I am?! 

Stan, I'm sorry I doubted you. You really made a great dad.

Stan, run!

I think young women are being marketed to by corrupt, moral-less corporations.

It doesn't matter how incredible they are; you can't- Oh my God, those are amazing.

Yes ma'am!

Hey guys, we have a little surprise for you.

Yeah, sure. You guys really pulled it off.

"The new Cold War"

Yeah.  And Jason has freckles, and Billy Turner has narrow shoulders.  The cheerleaders? Bebe has acne. Lola's arms are too short. Nicole's eyes are puffy. Annie has thin hair.  And Heidi Turner's butt is flat!  Oh God damn it!

Come on, Stan, we're gonna be late for the screening! 

Mom, Dad, I'm growing concerned about the role models young women have in today's society.

Stan, you were really brave in there, but you did kind of sound like a big dork.

Lisa Berger asked you out and you called her fat?! Do you have any idea how you made her feel?! She's a really nice girl!

Lisa Berger is NOT HOT! She's fat and ugly! 

I have to agree with Cartman. Maybe we overreacted when our parents-

Stan, film festival movies usually don't have previews before them.

Stan, did you find out the reason you've been hoarding?

HI, STAN!

Unh  Oh!

''Miiis-suuus Landers was a health nut; She cooked food in a wok
Mr. Harris was her boyfriend, and he had a great big-
Cock-a-doodle-doodle, the rooster just won't quit
And I don't want my breakfast, because it tastes like-
Shih tzus make good house pets; They're cuddly and sweet
Monkeys aren't good to have, because they like to beat their-
Meeting in the office or meeting in the hall,
The boss, he wants to see you so you can suck his
Balzac was a writer, he lived with Allen Funt
Mrs. Roberts didn't like him, but that's 'cause she's a-
Contaminated water can really make you sick
Your bladder gets infected, and blood comes out your-
Dictate what I'm saying, 'cause it will bring you luck
And if you all don't like it, I don't give a flying fuck!

That's right!

Try to understand this: all I do is try to help run student council. I don't give a crap about Smurfs!

Yeah, I heard the girls volleyball team won by like 20 points.

Hello?  My essay by Eric Cartman: "When I wrote the following pages, or rather the bulk of them, I lived alone in the woods on the shore of..."

Oh, no, that's okay Bebe. You might trip and then we'd be sucked into your huge gaping vagina like ants into a vacuum cleaner.  Slut.  Slut.

You guys don't actually think this is going to work, do you?

Thanks for coming over, Bebe.

Yes it is. I made it, I decorated it.

Excuse me!

Hi, Stan.

Cartman, we can't just attack Stan and Kyle's credibility. We need to present our side of the debate.

Oh, Cartman! 

Mr. Garrison, can you do something about this, please?  Mr. Garrison?!

That's not a jelly school, that's a Dunkin' Donuts!

Hi everybody. I love you!

Aha ha.

Oh my God.

No. Not Bebe.

You fucking suck so hard!!

Here, Stan. This is for you. 

Maybe we could actually kiss tonight Stan.  Eww, gross Stan, sick! Barf is gross! 

When the other girls find out you ignored their votes, they're gonna-

I believe there is a ...few things wrong with the school, but-

I know. Let's do "Light as a feather, stiff as a board."  Who wants to do it first?

Hey, he's like Rudolph.

Eww.

And what is that?

No! If you're really sorry, and you wanna apologize to me, then do it in front of everyone!

No, you're right. The students all deserve to know the truth. And so I have answered what really happened in my new book, Going Rogue on the Smurfs.

Don't you know that without wearing a condom you could get a disease?

Oh, what happened? Stan?

What?!

And you'd BETTER change your relationship status to "In a relationship"!

Stan, I'm sorry I dragged you to all those independent films.

So I guess there's this new trend with young people where the celebrities they look up to most are YouTube commentators. Just ordinary people who sit in front of a mic and blab their opinions about everything while their mindless loyal followers cheer them on. Isn't that crazy??  Well let's meet one of these stars of the internet. Please welcome CartmanBrah! 

Oh he's really nice, Nichole. I dated him for a little while. 

That's right.

WHAT?!

And that is why... I'm stepping down. You were right all along, Cartman. And I am hereby making you the student body president.

Wow, I knew I would win.

All right, I'll try and get you into our next list-making meeting. But it won't be easy.

He's got a gun!

Yes.

You don't?? I thought all guys had clubhouses.

Am I a joke to you?

Right, but she's not, in real life. She's a hobbit.

You guys stop it! Okay Lisa, that's great. But you need to have more confidence, okay?

Oh wow, I'm shocked.

The vast majority of refugees from Syria are likely to meet refugee status criteria and issued benefits from-

Is what true?

If Bebe and Kyle were a couple, then we can invite them over to your clubhouse for dinner and play parlor games and have meaningful conversations and sip cognac by the fireplace.

GET OUT OF HERE!

Aaaah!

And - ahem - I want to apologize to everybody. The way I acted was wrong,  and I've learned from it.  I just wish...Stan, and Ms. Ellen, would have all the happiness in the world.

She's not hot! That's supposed to be the point!

That's fine!  People can call me whatever names they want to! I don't care! There is a cancer in our country, and I'm not going to rest until Photoshopped images are required to be labeled for what they are! Fake! And nothing in this world is going to stop me!

You guys, look!  It's snowing! 

Nonorary Chair, Mrs. Secretary, I believe a member of our committee has tampered with one of our lists. I've compiled a full report, and it turns out that nobody voted Claude the cutest in the class. I believe Rebecca changed the list to make him number one.

You saved everyone from the Jewbots, Cartman.

I want you to see just how easy this is so we can better understand each other. This is Lisa Berger's class photo, right?

Get away from me! 

Ugh!

You should have won that talent show.

Right after the list was made, Rebecca started going out with Clyde. You can read all the discrepancies here.  We need to remake that list. 

Then can we throw some stuff in your locker away?

If we could show a parallel between the South Carolina case-

Uh, what do you mean? Call the girls in.

What?

Why would I be jel?

What's happening?

It seems that lewdness and shallowness are being exalted, while intellectualism is looked down upon.

Oh God, please don't let this be happening.

Hi guys, what's up?

U-huh. Excuse me.  Ka fahra qehlaq hemblaq!

Kyle, doesn't Bebe look pretty today? 

Look it up, stupid!  In real life, Kim Kardashian has the body of a hobbit!  You're gonna be in real trouble when the teachers find out what you said to that poor girl! 

Oh crap, we've gotta hide. Come on! 

I'm gonna kick your ass! That's what I'm gonna do!

What?!

You are so pathetic!

Yes! I want to get breast implants!

Wait, wait!  It's time to whip out the eclipse shoebox thing!  Bye-bye, Ms. Ellen.

Stan, it's been really great hanging out with you again. I feel like you've changed somehow. In a really awesome way. 

It's cool. I'll wait.

Ugh! God, you guys are sooo stupid! 

You don't deserve to win Cartman. And you know it.  I'm holding Cartman's award winning paper. It's actually nothing more than Walden, with Henry David Thoreau's name crossed out, and Cartman's name written in its place.

I'm gonna find Cartman's paper and get to the bottom of this. 

This isn't fair! How can the school make us get vaccinated?

So that you all could justify dating Clyde and get shoes?! How dare you take advantage of your position! I'm gonna tell Bebe and have you both disbarred from the list committee!

I know that she's hurt you. She's hurt a lot of people.

...Why do you think young people are responding to this?  I'm asking you a question! 

Hi, everybody. 

No, I need help.

That's right, I'm gonna kick your ass!

Oh, hi, Kyle!

Eww! 

Nice of you to show up! We were just discussing how we should state our case.

You unbelievable bastard. You beat me but you won't stop.

And he's not fat at all.

I can't get a dial tone. 

"I think you look cute in your bunny costume."

I know, but...we can make a little boat out of cardboard and pretend it's a cruise. 

Stay away from me, Stan!

Yes, I'm... I'm a few steps ahead of that, yes.

Yeah. What I'd really like to do is load her into a rocket and have her shoot into the center of the sun. But instead, I'll just get Stan to notice me again. Bebe, I need a makeover.

Light as a feather, stiff as a board.

Can you teach me your secret fast?

Aaaah!

Are you just an asshole?! Is that it?!

This is a serious issue, Eric! What you're doing is very offensive!

...And I was like, "I'm not buying those shoes for twenty dollars." 

Tomorrow morning! You fucking die tomorrow morning! 

Okay.

I know.

But Mr. Garrison!

Hey Rebecca. Do you still have the voter cards for the list that rated the boys' looks?

Hi, Stan.

She's a little overweight, but that's pretty normal for a girl in the fourth grade!

I feel terrible, you guys. It can't be easy being the new girl in school.

Yes ma'am!

Oh, I didn't want all that sweet stuff. I gave it away to hungry children in Nairobi.

Happy Valentine's Day, Staan. 

Ms. Ellen, can I talk to you?

You're gonna  fucking die! 

Leave me alone.

Yeah, if you're gonna do it, do it!

Stay away from us, bastards! We don't wanna get pregnant!

What's going on?

Ms. Ellen. Can I talk to you?

My... parents said that if I fight-

Ugh, Jesus! 

Yeah. How about we all give you a little makeover, Marjorine?

Aaahahah!

Truth or Dare?

It doesn't add up. It is possible that Rebecca made a mistake when she tallied the sunshine votes onto the final list. 

...Helen! 
I think our baby's deaf and blind. Oh no!

...I just wanna hold my egg for a couple of minutes.

But, then the mall closes at four or five o'clock, so who knows w-

What?!

Ah, ah I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I have been jelly.

Stan, I can't do it alone. Please? 

Hey Bebe.

Yeahhh?

You heard me! Stay away from my man, bitch, or I'll whup your sorry little ass back to last year!  Bye, Ms. Ellen.

What? No!

I know! How about, instead of a dog, Helen Keller has a pet turkey.

Laq hemblaq henlaq henlalah qemblaq!

I really don't care, Stan.

There. Now, the main point we would like to make is oftentimes it is prudent to change history. As times change we hope to grow, and as we grow our rules must change. It is a natural part of evolution. Thank you. 

What the hell do you think you're doing?

I can't!  God damn it!

I didn't mean that-

You're not ugly, Marjorine.

What?

Jelly school?

Hey, what about that?

Now, first thing we do is Photoshop the bulges on her sides . We select the eyes , make them a nicer shape, take off any blemishes on the skin , lengthen the neck , add more to the hair , select the lips and make them fuller , take out any puffiness on the skin  here, add fullness to the breasts, lengthen the torso, take away that fold of skin , streamline the shoulders , put highlights in the eyes , and, there.

I'm not "jel", and I happen to be the biggest feminist at this school!

Nooo!! Nooo!!

Hey, he's like Rudolph.

Oh, hey Bebe.  Slut.  Slut.

Can I tell you something, Ms. Ellen?

Say it'll be like this forever.

This is a fantasy, you moron! You ever heard of Photoshop?! Kim Kardashian is a short, overweight woman who manipulates her image and makes average girls feel horrible about themselves!

Okay. Now, in order for us the debate to change the South Park flag, we will need to do a lot of research. Now, my plan is to divide up into three research teams. We will present our arguments based on things that w-

Eww!

Wow! Cool!

I was just in the bathroom, and Ms. Ellen was in there taking the biggest dump I've ever seen.

We don't care what other people wear or the way they like to style their hair. 

You can't bribe your way out of this!

Is that why you told Clyde that you broke up with me? Because you're about to be  "dripping in bitches"?!

How are you so sure Mysterion is a boy?

Double-stuffed cookies are my favorite. 

East side, west side, whatever side that you're on. 

Well, hurry! We wanna play Truth or Dare!

Eeewwww! 

But I made that egg. Mr. Garrison, please. Youyou can't give my egg to Stan, he'll break it.

No. No, that's my egg.

Hooray! Hooray! Hooray for Mr. Garrison!  He's back! He's back! Mr. Garrison is back! So loong, substitute. Don't let the door hit your ass on the way out, now.

Yes. I've read all about it. It's a real disease. It's called "hoarding." People who can't throw anything away, and they just keep living in deeper and deeper filth until the people around them just can't take it anymore.

We're gonna miss what?

Cartman, why don't you just go home?! You aren't helping any!

Well, if the fat kid has something implanted in his ass, maybe the visitors are using him as part of their plan. Maybe you should use the fat kid as bait to bring them back.

As soon as that bell rings, we do it outside, you got that?! And you better be there.

Nooo! 

No ma'am, there isn't going to be a fight.

Lisa, this is exactly what you need! Take Butters to see a movie or something! It'll do wonders for your confidence!

Gooood.

Is the clubhouse ready?

This is the one time of year you're supposed to care about people who can't eat!

I can't believe how right Bebe was about feeling under pressure with somebody. As soon as it was over, all my feelings for you just vanished.

I wanna see my egg.

Yeah. You should show your support too sometime.

I don't want an excuse! I'm going to beat the fucking shit out of you!

My poor little Helen.

Kiss Bebe on the lips!

How about we give him Bebe?

I think it did, Bebe. If all goes as planned, Kyle will be your new boyfriend.

Eeewww!

You gave it up?

They must be negotiating.

Wendy.

Hey, look. A French fry.

Bye, Stan. Hopefully we can play Truth or Dare tomorrow.

Why do boys think farts are so funny? They're juvenile and gross!

That's how people like Kim Kardashian destroy the self-mage of little girls everywhere.

That isn't fair!

Oh no! NO!

But Lisa, that's great! Have you told Butters that you like him?

Oh man, we've got to come up with rebuttals to the history argument.

Luckily with the money I made selling the movie rights to my book, I'll be okay.

Oh my God, Bebe. You got boobs.

No!

You see, I've learned something today. You can't win all the time. And if you don't win, you certainly can't hold it against the person who did, because that's the only way you ever really lose.

Huh?

My paper was on the suffering of bottlenose dolphins.

Yes you did! You just stood there and said you apologize and you don't want to fight!

Sure.

The South Park flag!

I believe in Mr. Hankey.

Uhh, Ms. Choksondik, aren't manatees endangered?

What?

Can you believe Bebe? She thinks she's so cool all of a sudden.

NO I'M NOT ACTING LIKE A FREEEAK!!! 

Weird, um. Okay. Uh. Now, let's say that first we talk about the history of the flag.  We can show that the- 

That's what Susan92 wrote on your wall! You give girls pictures of you in bunny outfits?! Fuck you! 

Aaahh.

Mom, you don't-

And why do you think young people-?

AAAAAAaaaah!  Brrrrr. What's wrong with me?  Ahhh. It's okay. Get a grip, girl. 

Why?!  Why are you doing this to me?!  Why won't you just stop?!

It's so full of junk it takes you forever to find anything. And lately you've been asking to keep things in my locker.

Are you wearing a condom?

I can't believe it's been two weeks since I've seen you guys. What have you been doing? 

Yeah?

This is the girls bathroom!

You guys, we have to stop him!

No, I need help becoming a dirty whore like you

Ew! 

Stan!

I know, but I think there's been a mistake. Six of the girls I've talked to didn't vote Clyde the cutest. That means that mathematically he should have been-

I don't have time for this.

Maybe you guys should check into what student council actually does, before you just blindly listen to what some idiot with a microphone tells you! 

I don't, I, I have no idea what-

But the idea that we'll be whorish for money is belittling to our gender!

Okay.  I've hired some experts to help you with this. We'll make this as easy as possible on you, Stan.

Hi, guys. 

It's not that funny, you guys. Jesus.

It's when a woman blows air out her vag, Annie.

Stan, you know it's almost Valentine's Day.

Wow.  What incredible irony.

You don't get it, asshole!  There is nothing you can do to stop this fight! I am going to wipe the playground with you right in front of everyone! I am going to shove your ass down your throat and make you eat your underwear!

Wow, that sucks!

No. I just have to apologize for the way I've been acting.

Look, Stan, they had beef jerky back then.

Thank God.

Oh Butters, you know how I feel about the captain of sports teams.

Thank you Mr. Garrison.  Fellow students, October is Awareness Month for one of the leading causes of death among women. A terrible disease that takes the lives of American women every day. I'm talking, of course, about breast cancer.  An estimated one in six women will deal with cancer in their lifetime, and breast cancer is the most common- 

Maybe we should go on a cruise or something. 

I'm finished! 

The Afghan kids are caught in the middle, too!

Hey, Bebe. I heard you were having a party tonight.

No, it's okay, Stan!  Everything's going to be o-kay!

Thought so. 

No!

Look, personally, I didn't vote him the ugliest. My vote was for Eric Cartman. But enough of the other girls must have felt he was-

If we could just keep it to questions about Student Council?

Look, Stan is really nice. I just don't wanna be boyfriend and girlfriend anymore. I've been wanting to break up for a while. but it's, it's nothing against him.

I'm just asking a question. We all knew you were sent in to live with the Smurfs, but did you know they would be wiped out?

Stan?! How could you be so insensitive?!

If you're really sorry, you can say it in front of everyone!

Yeah. Jesus, I never thought I'd have anything in common with you, Cartman.

How's it hanging'?

When someone gets as old as you,  do they have to wear Depends undergarments? 

Because all the other girls are. They're having a huge sex party right now and I'm not invited.

I know that Mr. Garrison, but this isn't the answer.

What??

I'll smack the shit out of you!

...Are you serious?

Hi, Stan.

Change the list?! Do you have any idea what that would take?! Maybe you don't understand how important list-making is to girls! It's just not something we do flippantly! There's protocol!

Because people should be okay with the way they look! I have pimples on my forehead! My bottom teeth are crooked! So what?! You have short legs.

Hi, guys.

Yeah well I saw your page, Stan! Relationship status? Single?

You guys, don't buy this stuff! Why do you want to be like Paris Hilton?

There is nothing we can do for our poor daughter. We cannot reach her.

Whatever, dude.

So can you explain to our audience members over the age of five what it is that you DO?

Many would rather die than go to those places!

Stan, I have two tickets for the opening film of the festival. Would you like to come with me?

No way. That's be stupid. I wouldn't have a chance with Bridon; he can be with any girl he wants. 

You like being single, Stan? So that you could Facebook to find other girls?! According to your Facebook page,  we aren't friends!

What day?

Wait a minute. I've got an idea.

Once again, you have no idea what you're talking about, fatass!

It just so happens that I have your paper, and I know why you won! There's something more important right now. Let's go!

No, it's okay! It's all out in the open now. I wouldn't have had to kill the Smurfs if they would have simply moved on. But you gave them the will to stay, and I guess... you can't be blamed for that.

Thank you, Mr. Mackey, I will... change.

See, the problem with having fake pictures of yourself is that you start to believe in your own bullshit! This has gone way too far!  And if society won't fix it, I will!

If it pleases and sparkles, I would like to suggest that we...  That we reopen last week's list for debate.

That's not his girlfriend! It's Kim Kardashian!

Do you see what I'm talking about?

Hey, that's what I always do, too!

Relax Stan. You'll feel better once we're out trick-or-treating.

Hey Stan.

Don't fuck with me!

Hey, what are you doing?

I don't care! 

God! 

No they're not! Independent films are produced outside the Hollywood system. They're movies about all the glitz and glamour of Hollywood.

Your turn, Bebe.

Hey look. 

"I think you look cute in your bunny costume." What is that supposed to mean?!

Oh, well, you wanna maybe go to the art museum?

Okay

It's over. I give up. 

You've compromised everything! Our lists' integrity!

I thought you would reach the same conclusion, so, I came as Chewbacca. 

I won't do it, you guys! I'm sorry!

What is Mr. Slave doing? He-he's just sitting there.

See, that's the problem, Lisa. You have a bad self-image. Just project all your sassiness to all the boys out there, okay?

Cartman! 

Okay.

Every time I see the condition it's in I j-I just wanna cry. It just keeps getting messier and messier. I think you have a problem.

Well it is!

Come on, Stan. 

Oh God.

What?

Well, she did! And she has horrible, horrible gas, too! She says she can't control it!

Thanks, Mrs. Campbell. Thanks for helping me get Mr. Garrison to come back as a teacher.

I don't get it. What's she do?

Hey Jessie , hey Kal. Do you guys mind if I hang out with you? The other girls are acting really strange.

God they're so stupid!

You don't understand. He said horrible things.

What the fuck is your problem?!

I have three thousand dollars, cash. 

I heard that her asshole is this big around. 

James Cameron. Go look. The movie came out already.

I don't think so! 

What are you doing?!

Butters!

Stan, you have to build a clubhouse! Then all four of us can sit in it and play Truth or Dare!

Well, why don't you go get the fat kid?

Butters. Butters, come here for a sec.

Yeah, Stan.

DIE!! 

She can't see or hear us, John.

That's because you're stupid, and you're a racist!

Hey, what's that?

Stan, I'm awful sorry you got dressed up like Raggedy Andy. Please don't be mad.

I will. Kyle?

Is that a lace across the top?

I would never leave you for Bridon.

Of course. A kid could use the computer in there and nobody would know.

She can't see hear, John. Watch. Helen!

This is the result of a broken society in which profits come before morals!

It smells like a dead calf rotting in the hot sun!

Specially when they're writing about your boyfriend's addiction to crack. 

Yeah!

Hi, Stan. Ready to go see another movie? 

Actually, I was hoping to see your boyfriend.

You think you're tough?

What is your problem?! Breast cancer isn't funny!

You know I can't fight you!

D'aaaaahhh!

...yeah.

Why are you doing this party, Stan? Was it because you made people mad at school or... because you just wanted to be a big shot?

It's too late, Bebe. I've already made a full report and sent a copy to the police. People will know.

I'm sorry I dissed you at school like that Stan. I guess I just wasn't very considerate of your feelings.

Nono, I've been a hater, and I really am sorry.

-and then we can dress up in little costumes and pretend we're getting married.

Who's Paris Hilton?

What does she do?!

No you aren't!

Yeah.

I'm not giving Eric Fartman one minute of my time, you got that?! I'm not acknowledging his stupid questions. If you want him dealt with, you'll have to do it yourself! 

Stan, can I talk to you for a second?  Stan, wouldn't it be fun if we fixed Kyle up with Bebe?

Officer Barbrady, Mr. Garrison is about to kill Kathie Lee! We have to find him!

Cheer Squad roll call! 

Sshh!

You're... back?

I'm totally back to normal. See you later. 

Yeah, well, Butters peed on my house.

Which one? We make lists all the time.

Yeah!

She's not smarter and cooler than everyone, you guys are just drawn to something else! 

I'm class president! The vote was last fall!

Cartman is using our bathroom!

Dad!

Mr. Mackey, I was trying to show kids that-

Something that should have been done a long time ago! 

We'll march with you, Chef.

Is there a problem?! Because breast cancer isn't funny! Breast cancer is killing people!

I'm not going to hurt you.

Dare ga pu shita no. 

What are you doing?! 

Jesus Christ, do you have no sense of self-respect?!

Doctor, doctor! Will our daughter be okay?

Aaah!

Cheer Squad roll call! 

NO. That has nothing to do with me wanting to protest against Photoshopped images!

UUuuhh-UUuuhh 

Stan, didn't you notice how her left arm is longer than the right one?

This might come in handy. It says here that recently a case was brought before the South Carolina Court about their flag, and they-

Eww!

Dad, there's a new store at the mall called "Stupid Spoiled Whore" and I'm gonna go there and buy a thong!

By editing your profile under "basic information"!

No, it's not. Since you're here to stay, I just hope we can be friends.

Try to catch snowflakes on your tongue  It's fun.

So you want a Photoshopped picture of me to take away any imperfections, is that it?! How DARE you, Stan?!

I just wanna know, is that all I am? A big joke?

Oh no! Oh no!!! 

You couldn't put on the party you were hoping to put on, was that it?

Thanks, Stan.

What?

Mmmm.

Agh! What do you want?

Do you think we could make up a good Thanksgiving play in four days?

Hi, Stan.

Unless we come together as a country and realize that refugees from Syria should be considered in need-

Nobody expected you to fall in love with Smurfette. You went to learn from them, but instead you became one of them, right? Fought against your own kind when you knew we'd stop at nothing! Do you know that one Smurfberry can power the school for two months? One Smurfberry!

Right, and when things change or things come up, you don't forget about everything you promised people!

You DO have a Facebook page, Stan!

You like looking at girls' butt cracks, Stan?!

So you didn't e-mail anybody else about Elise Thompson's butt crack, right?! 

No, Stan, it's called "hoarding"! And if you don't get help I don't know how much longer I could be with you!

John, come quick! Our little baby's very sick
When I pout she doesn't flinch, and when she doesn't move an inch.

I don't know what to do. It's like he's... completely turned off.

AAAAAAAAAAAH!

Over here. This looks like an office.

Yeah, you just never know.

Stan, you've never asked me to throw rocks at cars with you guys.

Cool! 

But why, Stan?

How could any of you think that flag should stay the way it is?!

He didn't mean that. He was just saying maybe we should open it up again for discussion.

You guys have to wear condoms. Now, please, just, just go away. We don't want your AIDS.

Let's go trick-or-treats.

You broke up with me, Stan! You said you had to be "free to chase your dreams".

1776.

Let's just get back to cheering, okay?!

Stan? We're still Valentines, right?

Because it's wrong! If you guys aren't happy with the way you look, then that's your problem! 

Well, did you notice that mole on the back of her neck with the hair growing out of it?

Of course, Stan. 

You'd better shut up  or I'll make you shut up!

Because I don't know what to do. I can't concentrate, and if I can't concentrate, then I can't win the debate tomorrow. The whole vote is dependent on me doing a good job-

What happened to your little brother?

That mean old substitute isn't going to stop until she takes everything from me, Bebe.

You're so transparent, Stan.

I can't believe it. All the pressure's on us. I mean, this debate is going to actually affect the outcome of the vote.

You really think that's gonna work on me?!

Congratulations, Bridon. Guess we'll be working a lot together.

Mrs. Mayor, you might want to review the essays. We think Cartman might have cheated.

Stan, that's ridiculous.

Ma'am?

Hi guys.

We're at war with terrorists, fatass, not with Afghanistan! And the only reason that you care is that you don't wanna give up the dollar!

Thanks for coming over, Bebe. I have something to tell you.

I requested to be in shop class, but they sent me here.

Aaah!

Well, not if it's Cartman.  Hey, where are you all going!  They don't even know what Walden is.  I bet if Walden was a sitcom you'd all know what it was.

I told her. Don't... fuck... with... Wendy... Testaburger! 

Look, maybe what we should do is all go over to his house together, an-and that way we could-

Hey, that's a pretty good point, Cartman.

No.  You go ahead.

No you don't.

Go ahead.

Well tell Stan to fuck off!! 

What was I supposed to do? The school was running out of power. We tried relocating the Smurfs at first, but they wouldn't budge! So we decided to get somebody on the inside. A member of the school who could act like one of the Smurfs and learn their secrets. But of course you know that, don't you?

Not bad at all. I may make that our first argument. 

That's what I said.

Yeah! 

You...you can't.

Huh?

She does. She looks very pretty.

I'm a stupid spoiled whore. 

I am not jelly! I made that picture of you to prove a point, and it's being taken the wrong way!

Don't you want to help those who are less fortunate?!

Instead of booing my opinion, why don't you make a constructive argument?!

...Nooo.

Yeah. Christ, I could have been home by now!

Oh, no!

Oh, we wanna hear it, Ms. Choksondik. We're excited.

Oh, you mean Kyle?

But aren't Indians and Redskins just as offensive?

Yes, she was!

Not lately, no.

