Noooooo! 

You heard the judge. Since you lost the case, I can seize whatever I want to pay my legal fees. Yeah, take that water cooler, too.

No, but I do. We're now the highest-rated show on Mountain Cable Access! God bless the Mexican staring frog!

Mitch, are you thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?

That doesn't matter, because that money belongs to me!

Mr. Stallone thanks all of you for coming to his son's wedding. And now as a special treat, it is his pleasure to give you the music of... Wing! 

Take this, too.

You wouldn’t.

I take it that means yes. Call me in the morning. 

Jesus!

What are you bastards doing?

Take 112!

Well, have you been programmed to... satisfy... urges of humans?

Kid, can I talk to you?

Well, regardless, I believe maybe this automatron can help us come up with new movie ideas.

What is this? What's happening?!

I am above the law!  Mr. Chef, I’m afraid you leave me no alternative. We’re going to sue you.

Hmm… I really so no resemblance between that song and "Stinky Britches" by our artist, Alanis Morissette.

We're in trouble. The Jimbo and Ned Show made up some ridiculous staring frog story and jumped another two points in the ratings!

He is?

Mr. Stallone says he's sorry it couldn't go better for you back there.

Let me show you what I mean. 

You boys know Tom Shane from the Shane Company Diamond Store commercials?

You're corpses out here! We need a lot more action from everybody!

I don't know. We'll have to continue with the changes we've made, and then go even further.

Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! I win! You lose! Chef Aid is over, and you didn't raise near enough money to pay Cochran's legal fees. Ha-ha-ha-ha, I win!

Listen, boys, I'm having a huge celebrity party at my giant mansion tonight. Why don't you come by as my honorary new artists?

Remember, big, big, big!

Ooh, no, no, no, no!  This is the biggest publicity stunt I've ever seen! Damn, those hunters are clever!

Oooooohhhh!

Exactly! 

We'll start with a two-shot of you and Ned getting your equipment together and--

You remember these boys, Tom. They're gonna break a million points live at the video arcade in a few weeks.

Yeah, I think your mustache is perfect. How would you like to come to New York and start a singing career?

Heh, you were really great up there. Too good for a pissant choir in a pissant mountain town.

We’ll just see how long this Chef Aid thing lasts. 

It's genius, it really is. Hell, I even want to watch them hunt the Mexican staring frog. Unless...

Oh yes, all the biggest stars in Colorado are here.

He'll pay her four thousand dollars.

What is it?

That's pretty Goddamned impressive.  Alright, we'll sign them to a one-year deal. 

We've got to do it, J. Your ratings are being killed by the Jimbo and Ned Hunting Show.

Mr. Stallone thinks your singer has a lot of talent.  He really likes her voice.  You know, the way she vocalizes the melody,  it brings tears to his eyes.

Get the Flight for Life helicopter! 

Remember, big, big, big! 

How are they coming?

Oh, this is not good.

Would you boys like to meet him?

Be at this address tomorrow 2 p.m. sharp. And don't be late.

Noooooooo!

We need an idea for a movie that's a home run. A feel-good romp for the whole family.  Hey, what's that over there? 

Gentlemen, this little boy was kind enough to let us show you his robot. The AWESOM-O 4000.  I've already seen what it can do.

Unless we can prove to the world that the whole thing is a sham. If we prove that the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka is just something..made up by Jimbo and Ned, we can have them taken off the air. Perhaps even killed!

No!

I am above the law!  I told you not to mess with me.

Remember, you all start to fight after the chair is thrown. That's your cue.

And you kids! I didn't bring you on this show to be boring. Somebody get pissed off and throw a chair at Ned here.

I can take whatever I want.

You getting all this? 

Oh, J. You are so omnipotent, and yet so naive. We'll launch a full investigation, and in the meantime, we can cash in on the video tapes.

Uh, Mr. Stallone wants Wing to sing at his son's wedding.

Everyone? Everyone, this is Stan and Kyle. They just broke a hundred thousand points on Guitar Hero.  Please enjoy yourselves, there's lots more coke and sex in the house.

I like it. That's these boys playing?

Wuhell, you'd better care, Mr. Smarty Pants. No ratings means no show. If you want to keep reaching out to people, you have to keep up with the times.

Like, go ahead and tell how your nephew Stan takes drugs and worships Satan.

Great, AWESOM-O, great. Uh guys, take a break. I need a minute alone with AWESOM-O.  You are an incredible robot, AWESOM-O. I was just wondering... are you by chance a... pleasure model?

It's not?

Watch this: AWESOM-O, given the current trends of the movie-going public can you come up with an idea for a movie that will break a hundred million box office?

I am above the law! 

Good. Okay. Okay, bye! Good news, everybody. This week's ratings are through the roof! We're up to twenty people!

