And that's about all we know. Uhh, there might be some Internet still in California and parts of Florida, though we certainly still don't have any here. 
Scientists have just discovered the cure... for AIDS.  About a hundred and eighty thousand dollars shot directly into the bloodstream.
Kids however say they don't hear crap at all.
But just what has sparked the Mexican desire to live... in Mexico? Joining us now is economist Mark Geiger, and Mark, we've heard of Mexican ice cream, but Mexican patriotism?
We, we now have a reporter on the scene. Uhl-let's go live!
Fear and horror in South Park today as the music festival continues to grow.  They're arriving in droves and apparently no end is in sight.
Tonight, a possible attack on Iran may mean the beginning of a new war in the Middle East.
Britney Spears has been spotted camping in the Colorado mountains, and one report claims that she has taken a piss... in the forest. Robert Pooner has more.
But first, the record for the world's biggest crap: will it again be broken?
Randy Marsh of Colorado is now three weeks into his quest to make a new crap, spending nearly every waking hour at P.F. Chang's. .
Hello? Do you have Internet? It it's Channel 4 News. No, we don't have Internet either. 
At the same time, some people are questioning Bono's current record entry, saying nobody has ever seen it in person. Bono could not be reached for comment, as he is currently in Africa helping the needy.
Mike, does the military have the authority to nuke our imagination?
The Pentagon claims that because imaginary things are not real, the military doesn't need Senate approval to nuke them.
You've heard of Mexican salsa, but Mexican pride? The phenomenon is called "Orgullo de Mantequilla," where Mexicans are realizing it actually is starting to suck more here in the US. The borders are being flooded with Latin Americans trying to get back to their own countries. 
Breaking news of yet another pirate crisis in Somalia. Members of NATO received word today that pirates have captured an American child and are demanding ten million Euros for his safe release. U.S Navy ships have been deployed and the pirate standoff is about to get ugly.
Thousands of people have descended on South Park for a hippie music jam festival. The event is said to be the largest such gathering in the history of man. 
A shocking new development in the nuking of imagination!
It's a fax, it's a fax! It's a fax, it's a fax!
It's called Tween Wave, and if you're a parent your kids are probably listening to it. A new music genre for the era from 2009 through 2012. or "The Tweens." Every generation has their music, but many parents say Tween Wave sounds like crap.
Once again we apologize, but we cannot bring you the news. It appears that we have no Internet here at News 4. We'll be happy to bring you up on current events just as soon as our Internet is back.
A new terrorist attack seems to have taken place. This time, in our imagination.  Al Gore brought this video to the public's attention, sparking demands by everyone who wants to know exactly what's going on.
Oh! it says, "The government has sent their best people to the Internet in order to repair it."
O ho ho, oh houch, that's gotta be embarrassing. Chris, any word on why Ms. Spears went for this radical "no top of the head" look?
Yes, I believe the defendant had to suck the plaintiff's balls in that case.
