He lose weight eating Shitty Wok?

Hello! City Wok! City Wok, I take your order prease!

Come on, rook! All this fighting, it's just to sirry, you know? Chinese anda Japanese been fighting for so rong. It'sa ridicurous. What we need... is to have a tweaty.

Shitty Beef...

Which one? I see two fat friends.

"Oh no, I'm a Japanese and I had a bad day! I think I'm gonna kill myself!"

Welcome to Shitty Wok. You rike to try Shitty Chicken today?

How are we arr feering?!  Hey, Mr. Takiyama, did you know that China and Japan are actually uh different countries?

'Cause it has AIDS.  AIDS so funny! 

No I don't want Shitty tuna roll! I want you to go find another shitty town to open your Shitty Sushi prace!

Okay, whoa, just hold a minute, hold a minute. I come ina peace.

I am speaking Engrish! Why don't you speak a fucking Engrish, you soba eating fuck!

The Japanese planned to kill people in Nanking! The only thing Japanese ruve more than killing people is killing themselves! Suicide rate in Japan sky-high!

Porice?! How?!

What?! Whaaat?!  What the fuuuck?! 

Don't you know? Everybody hate Jared. He want everyone in world to have AIDS. He sick in the head.

Aaah you Japanese racist! 

Thank you.  "Oooooo, I hate Japanese people! They try and shut down my Shitty Wok, but they never wiiiiill. They're probably all ratching me, the Japanese. Ret them! I'm not even gonan swat that fryyy. They'll see. And they'll say 'Wow, that Shitty Wok owner. Why, he wouldn't even harm a fryyyyy.'" 

Herro-o.

Sure 'kay. I pay you fifteen dowlars.

Hey, I'm not a-Subway, I Shitty Wok. Shitty Wok don't have... million dollars.

A tweaty?  Rook rook. All these racist people thinka that a Chinese and a Japanese are the same, right? So you and me, we put on a big assembry for all the kids are school, and then everyone understand curtural difference. You know, so they know fried rice isn't from Japan and teriyaki isn't from China.

Yah they, they gonna kill him. They gonna kill Jared downtown right now.

Oh! You mean like-a Jared?!

His name is Jared, he lose some weight. Shitty Wok food sure is great. Yeah, okay. That sound good. Saw if he lose weight eating Shitty Wok, I pay use to use him in commercial.

No, teriyaki isn't froma fucking China!

Welcome to Shitty Wok. Can I take a order prease?

This whoooore thing is China, and Japan is this riiittle bitty country over here. And that's why the Japanese always try anda take over China!

Come on, kid, you don't wanna eat this-a Shitty Sushi! It give you worms.

"No, don't do it, prease!"  "So much to rive for!" 

You want the Shitty Beef?

Where is this Japanese-uh toiret bowl?! How far from my Shitty Wok?!

Konnichiwa, my fine Japanese friend. It's so great that Chinese and Japanese are finarry getting arong. We should take our picture together on top of the Tower of Peace. I'm up there waiting for you now.  Prease, come meet me on top of the Tower of Peace. It would be rearry nice.  Yesss, and when you get to the top of that tower you're gonna get a rittle surprise, you Japane- Oh, sorry. Anyway, see you on top of tower! 

What the fuck you talkin' about?!

What the fuuuck?!  You see what happen?!

Please, I admitting it, okay?I fucked you at assembly. There's no way around it. It was verrry sneaky. Kind of like Pearl Harbor. Okay? That was a little sneaky too, huh? Pearl Harbor kind of sneaky; I think we can all be a rittle sneaky sometimes, hm? But that sneaky Chinese man? He's gone! Okay? Okay, if we can have Asian Diversity festival, then we no longer have to deal witha "recial stereotypes." Prease.

You wanna take over my Shitty Woookk?! Hory crap, what time is it?  Oh no, I'm rate! 

A what? Ret me see that!  Oh no, a sushi prace? How come every time a hard-working Chinese man open a business, some shmelly Japanese dog has to come and try invade him?!

Shitty Chicken... 

Oh no, no way! I not putting no Jared in my Shitty Wok commercial!

Okay, see you tomorrow.  And on that Asian Diversity day you're gonna get a rittle surprise, you Japanese dog. 

...Why?

Herro, Shitty Wok, take your order prease.

Now everyone in town think a Chinese and a Japanese are the same fucking thing!

Okay, hold on, hold on, please! I'ma sorry, okay? I'm sorry. I admit it. I fucked you at the assembly. How about you and me together do an Asian Diversity festival?

Okay.  Hey, you kids know why chicken cross the road?

Rook! Ifuh somebody ordereduh shitty beef, anduh complain because they say they ordereduh shitty shrimp, It's notuh my fault he gets the shitty chicken poured all over hisuh fucking head!

What's the big idea putting your Shitty Sushi right next to my Shitty Wok?!

Wha you talking 'bout?

Oh boy, this is fantastic! I so grad AIDS is funny now.

Oh really? Oh great.  Okay, I'll meet you tomorrow and we can go over our prans.  And when you get to that assembry, you gonna get big surprise, you Japanese dog.

That's enough! I've beem sick of everyone talk aboutuh penis shize!

Nono, we need a tweaty.

Yes, I'm afraid my Tower of Peace was a rittle bit of trickery, Mr. Japanese dog. I'm going to put an end to you, and everyone gonna think it's just because you did what Japanese people ruve doing most. "No, don't do it! Don't kill yourself, prease!" 

No, not a treaty, a tweaty!

I don't want Shitty Wok have nothing to do with Jared land his AIDS.

