Hey, Stanley, you need to understand something: Those people from the future have had a hard life! Where they come from is dirty and overpopulated and poor! You can't even imagine the kind of depression they come from! So, for us, who have everything sooo good, to judge them, is wrong! Do you understand?! Next time you think about calling them goobacks, you might just wanna stop for a second and think about how crappy the future really is!

Just thought I'd surprise you. And there's more where that came from.

We... need to talk, Stan.  Ih, it's okay guys.

Sharon, it was $10,000 for the entire place! It wasn't gonna last! Don't worry, we'll make the money back in a week. Guaranteed. You excited, Stan?

Yes, it is. It is more important than anything I've ever asked you to do. You must retrieve the tape. But do not look at it, uh, for it... holds an evil power! Retrieve the tape, and return it to us at home.  Do this, and you will be greatly rewarded.

There's hot dog buns in that cupboard, Sharon!

We can't tell you because we can't know where you are! 

Are you trying to tell us the smug from our hybrids is actually gonna kill us all?

It's over. But you were wrong. We don't have to be afraid of Amazon. The only price to be paid for convenience is that we must be secure with ourselves.

Wait a minute. Stan, isn't that Josh Garrett up there? He's from South Park. Maybe he'll let us in line with him.

Not yet. It's only a matter of time.

Stan, how do you think the Hollises beat us every year?  I'm sure they put lead in the wood or something; we're just leveling the playing field.  There.

Get inside! We have to close these doors! 

Well I just... I have this buddy, uh, he, sat and watched another guy ...play with himself.

You know what's really interesting is that-  ...what's really interesting is that this place has a new owner, and that-

Wuhuhull, boys, there's more to starting a company than having a catchy name.

One two three four. "Pay one thousand dollars property tax."  Isn't this great, you guys? Our first Family Home Evening.

Agh! It's Halloween! Everyone rents scary movies on Halloween! I'm sorry Stanley, but I need your help here!

Well you can't believe everything school tells you, Stan. Your turn, Shelly.  Oooo, that must be the Harrisons! 

You should have left our wives alone. Now let's go for a drive.

All we can do... is try to wait it out, as long as we can.

Stay at your post!  Nooo! NOOO! EVERYBODY REALLY LIKED HIM!! NOOO!

God-damned religious kooks! Tell my son what to believe, will you?! We'll see how you like my fist in your ass! 

Beating off the dog is not appropriate when we have company!  Ah I mean, ever! Beating off the dog is not appropriate ever!

It felt like a dream, bro. Broadway is simply the greatest time a dude can have. Just kind of sucks to be back here now, you know? I mean there's no culture here. Only Broadway show in Denver is "Wicked" and I've already taken Sharon to see it twenty three times.

Well, you know, when you do that to a m-male... the... eh eh you make his... stuff come out.  Well, Jesus, haven't they taught you these things at school?!

All right guys, listen up! Forget about the day off, we need to practice tomorrow.

It's... it's awesome. Sharon it's it's the best book I've ever read.

Thank you, hey! You know, we live in a world of brutality and violence. And some people think there's no room for wonder anymore. But just for a moment I want you to think one thing.  Whatever you believe is real, is real. 

Well, it would be good for you to make new friends. You can't just hang out with your buddy Kyle all the time. People will think you guys are, you know, funny. Now I bet you'll have a great time.

Oh my God, we... we have to get a hold of someone who and get the word out.

Well, Sharon and I are havin' a great time bein' atheist. I for one can't believe I used to live my life by what a very old and very fictional book used to say. 

Hey, uh, I shot you, Ned. You have to fall down.

Hey pal. I heard about what happened at school today. You wanna talk about it?

Yeah, well uh, The Lord of the Rings wasn't the only thing I rented from the video store.  I also rented... a porno.

Stan! ...Hey! ...How's my boy? Daddy's gonna be all right. Okay?

Ey, Gerald, maybe after the show we can make copies of each other's tape so we have both.

I can't believe you gave us herpes. You little rascals!

Hey Stan, my computer says we're not friends anymore?

Come on, we've gotta go!  Stan, take Snowball and get out of here!

I know! It's like "Earth to America? Hello? This is simple stuff here. Gawl"

Aw Sharon, you're the best. I'm not feeling a hundred percent; do you care if I go lay down?

Yeah, well just like the rest of us, you have to make choices with your money. Do you want a bike, or do you not want to be depressed?

Yeah. Yeah! You know, to be honist, I've never known any Mormons. I, don't even know what you people believe. Who was this Joseph Smith guy? Why did he believe that Native Americans are actually white people from Jerusalem?

Go! Go go go go go!  Oho, Oh God, we're going down the stairs now. Okay, getting downstairs. 

It's been three days now since the guinea pigs and the guinea bees attacked. Guinea rabbits are still everywhere, along with a few guinea panthers. We've taken shelter at the Outback Steakhouse. There's Sharon and Shelly. Say "hey" guys.

I came because I wanted to make sure nobody was shopping here.

Uhh...  Oh ow.  Hey, where are my pants?  Where's our TV?! Where are my pants and where's my TV?!

Guess that's my guy. I can take him, no problem. 

It's pretty shitty when you work so hard to be a great parent, and then the "government" comes along and with one shot turns your child into a "mentally incapacitated" freak! I mean look at him. He's disinterested, depressed, self-loathing. It's most likely the reason his mother and I got divorced!

Oh. Wuwell, don't- think of it as an end, think of it as a new beginning. Now, could you fill me in on the dead bodies and captive policeman stuff real quick?

We're gonna try and beat you at your own game, Chief Runs With Premise! Ten thousand dollars!  On thirty one black! 

Stan, you must listen to me! You must stay indoors! Do not try to go out! Global warming has brought in a new ice age!

Ya have to understand why I can't go. I can't... sit there in that same crowd and watch you destroy yourself again.  Oh, Stan. Of all the places, why does it have to be the Pepsi Center? All right, all right, I'll go. No, no I WANT to go.  I'm gonna be there for you and... I'll be rooting louder than anybody, saying "That's my son!"  And just remember, Stan: win or lose. Those are your two options, Win, or lose. 

Oh, that- You were talking about that alien. Oh yeah that one, he was here, yeah. He landed here, but we... we killed him.

I don't know! The whole water park has been quarantined! They're worried anyone left alive could be... sssome kind of raging, hate-filled mutants.

No no. ...Wuh what's there to regret, right? I mean..., all we did was watch each other ...masturbate. That's that's not gay or anything. We said so, right?

Well you kids wanna see something really cool?  Check this out. 
Once, I rose above the noise and confusion
Just to get a glimpse beyond this illusion.
I was soaring ever higher
But I flew too high.
Though my eyes could see I-

Yeah, we were actually looking to get some KFC?

That is stupid, yea. And going around telling people to shop... is dangerous!

Well, I guess we're off to the bar until nine, then.

Don't you get it? He's getting back into hockey to prove something to himself. So he can forget what happened in that Pee Wee skirmish.

Last week, I saw it was up for sale. On a fluke I asked how much. $10,000! Can you believe it?! We have the entire business! And we can watch movies whenever we want! Come on, you guys wanna see it?

When you tell them you only used the approved kit, don't look up and away, don't rub your neck, and don't touch your ear. Otherwise they'll know you're lying to them. Alright? Whenever you need to lie, just don't look up and away, rub your neck, or touch your ear.

I'm not gonna fall in. I'm not a chick. 

The school was hiring and I got the job. Isn't that great?

Hey ah ah, any of you other countries see any space cash?

Not now, Stanley. Without my scientific genius, the town is doomed.  Let's see now, when exactly did the temperature start to go up?

Yeah. Hey uh, if you watch another guy masturbate, does that make you gay?

You didn't see the game? What the hell were you doing?

Can you believe it, Stan? The Pepsi Center. You're going back to the place where it all happened. Same place where you missed that shot all those years ago.

Oh, do we have to do it right now?

I can't. I don't know what happened to all my tools. 

Please, officer, you have to understand. I need a miracle way more than these people. I'm an alcoholic, and I'm powerless over it.

Oh. Well, tell you what: let's leave the car here, walk home, and watch the game. Like to have another beer or two.

Stan, our abduction problems are over. We got the new Child Tracker.

Mr. Cruise, if there is anybody else we could bring to town, we-

Hey kids, are we having fun?  Oh where'd my hat go?! Anyone see my hat? 

OH! Ohh... Oh Sharon, it was horrible! It was like I was living it all over again.

That's better. Oh, and I sent you a funny picture and you didn't respond to it. 

My daughter... She has no idea that I'm Lorde... I can't let her find out from the Internet. I have to tell her the truth before we all tell the world.

Oh, you know, try to get it into the end zone, but be really polite about it.

Stan, now more than ever you need to understand the importance of saving money.

This is my only hope, Stan! Either you drive this car or I will!

Heeey batterbatterbatterbatter heydn no hit no hit can't hit can't hit can't hit it can't hit it can't hit it.

There are different people casting all different kinds of blame from person to person. But the fault lies in all of you!  YOU, who bought that three hundred thousand house when you only had twenty thousand to put down? YOU, who bought that third car, even though only two people in your home drive! It is time to stop pointing fingers!  Finger pointing gets us nowhere, Steve! We have mocked our Economy. And now the Economy has cast its vengeance upon us all!

You know we're all cutting down on phone time.

All I know is... if Dastardly and Muttley are up to their old tricks, there's gonna be a lot of violence today.

Well first of all, we want that surgeon general to step down!

No, Stan! What you were doing to the dog was-ss sexual.

Now, what I have for you is a nice goat-cheese and hierloom tomato frittata. And we're gonna top that with a little crème fraîche.  Aw yeah... Awwww...

Nobody else has thought of it, Sharon. I won't even be out in the crowd. I'll be on the inside when the doors open. While everyone is trying to run over each other, I'll turn around and run right into the stores. I'll be the first to get whatever I want!

Give me the banana.  Ugh. Awgh. Aaagh! Awwwwgh! Awwgh, wagh.  Aww, ooogh, Aaaaaaaah.

I like the women's bathroom. I feel safe there. Being able to use that bathroom is critical to my identity, to my music.

I've worked hard, believed in myself, and now I'm gonna be fighting in a State Championship game.  This is gonna be the biggest fight of my life.

Yeah, you too, Thad.  Hey Sharon, these came for you.

Alright, boys, we're gonna head to the bar. We'll be back to pick you up at nine.

Ladies and Gentlemen, if Global Warming has in fact already caused the Beaverton flood, then this is only the beginning. The effects are going to spread. What we are looking at is a global warming catastrophe the likes of which we've never seen. 

Yeah, we're your parents! We can't tell you what to do!

Uhh, mostly P.F. Chang's. General Tso's Chicken... Oh and uh, and a lot of uh Aunt Jemima's Frozen Sausage Biscuits in the morning.

I don't see how anyone could play this game with any sincerity.

Now, some of you might think that this is a little crazy, but if you believe in magic...  you'll find that-  Ow! Ow! Oh God! Can somebody help, please!

Well, I think it's time for us to leave the poor girl alone. 

Iggs, I really don't care to go through this again with you.

And just like that I left everything. I dropped out of high school...

Uh, look, I just want to tell you that

We have cured ourselves using the medicines of our culture.

Oh okay uh, uh stand by I- I think it's, I think it's landing. 

"Back in my day our music was better! Not this garbage the young 'un listen to. Warber warber warber."

I am? I am, huh? I never knew the depth of my scientific genius until now.

It's beautiful, isn't it? Come on ever here, I built us a fire. Look what I got you. 

One little drink isn't going to hurt anything, honey. Come on, live a little.

Now, Sharon, don't overreact. Maybe Stan didn't go to Cartman's Grandmother's. Maybe he just ran away or got kidnapped or something.

Wow, the new Margaritaville!  With salsa dispenser! "Just pour your favorite salsa in the top and it comes out the dispenser in the bottom." Oh, we need this! 

Look, we were told that you were available for hire and we're desperate!

I am pretty smart, yea. But I have assembled this economic committee to make sure that everyone sticks to my new plan.

Well that's not a world Lorde ever wanted to be a part of.

Oh my God!  Stan Marsh, how dare you use that time-bashing slur?!

GET OFF THE STREETS!  GET OFF THE STREETS! 

Good morning, family. The Lord has truly blessed us with another beautiful day.  It's just amazing. I haven't had a drink in five days. Praise Christ. Praise him. 

There's Shelly. You excited about eating dinner Shelly?

Yeah, it almost looks like... The Lord of the--  Oh, my God!  This is Lord of the Rings!

This stuff will make your dick fly off, Stan!

At least we're smart enough to know better!

Yeah well, that, that's not really ...gay, is it?

This is breaking your mother's heart, Stan. She couldn't even help tie you to the horse.

And so that's the situation. All the boys are out there somewhere with a... pornographic videotape.

Well I think in the fourth chapter, when uh Nancy Drew discovers the bloody glove in the cheerleader's locker, well that uh that was just a brilliantly written passage. 

Wuhy? Why isn't anyone showing up?!  It's Halloween night! People should be renting spooky movies!  What's happened to the world? Things used to be so simple.  Good evening, fine sir! I would like to rent a movie!

Fine! He wants to bro down?! I'll bro down! 

All I'm saying is that... is that the Confederates would have just gotten their asses kicked in Topeka!

Perhaps... one day... we can learn to drive hybrids without being smug about it, but for now... the technology is just too much for us.

I'll help you, Sharon.  Boy, that's just awful.

Do you have any idea how stupid that would make us look?!

Sharon, Stan's Pinewood Derby race is tomorrow! Do you have any idea how important this is to him? Stan is not gonna lose to the goddamn Hollises again!

O-hoh, yehah, I'm sure your wife would love that.

There isn't enough food for more people up here!

We did not share an intimate moment, okay?! That makes it sound gay! 

Let me handle this, Sharon. You gotta put these cult people in their place or else they never stop! I'm gonna go kick this Mr. Garrison's ass!  This, Mr. Garrison is, is a white guy, right?

Yyeeaahh!!!!  Obama!  WOOOOO! We did it! We F'in' did it!

Ah! You're just in time! Siddown, siddown! I've made you all breakfast again!

I know you think this set of boobs is important now, but those boobs will be replaced by another set of boobs. Boobs will come and go, and then, someday,  you'll meet a pair of boobs that you want to marry. And those become the boobs that matter the most.

On this day let us all remember that no people on this earth are really enemies, only folks with differences. 

Uh, boys, would you mind clearing the living room. We have to practice our big war protest song.

Because I'm scared, all right?!  You wanna break me down?! You wanna hear me say it?! I'm scared! I don't know if I believe in myself anymore.  I don't know if I can take this guy, Sharon.

I'm gon-, I'm gonna take a look outside! 

His dancing was so fast I... couldn't do anything. His moves were... so original, so inventive.  Ungh! Grrgh.

What the?  What the hell?  Yeah, hi, uhh, we aren't getting our informative murder porn. No, no, none of our channels that have informative murder porn appear to be working. Yeah, the screen just says "How do you tame a horse in Minecraft?" Uhhh yes, we do have children. A what? A parental lock?

Shhhh!  It's okay, boys. They're gone. Let's just lay low for a minute until we can find-  AWWWW!!

No, no. You know who was right all along? The Mongolians.  They knew that you just can't wall yourself off from the outside world. Putting walls up never helps anything. Tearing them down brings us together.

Hey. Wait a minute. Why not bring Broadway to South Park?

Four hundred dollars? Just for downloading some songs off the Internet? It's not that big a deal.

Oh. Uhh. There was a, there was a ghost! A-a-and-this, this ectoplasm!  Did you see the ghost?  It ran through here; it sli-it slimed me!

What? Well what was I supposed to do, Sharon? I thought I was gonna make $30,000! Stanley, the only reason Daddy used that word is that he thought he would win money.

Heeeey...  Gerald, what are you doing?! We said we weren't going to shop at the Wall-Mart anymore!

Nooo. I can't go through all that again. It's too much.

Alright son, now you just paint the racing stripe like you did before.

Stanley, do you have any concept of money at all? Money doesn't grow on trees, you know?

All right son, dancing is all about a frame of mind. Now, I'm not telling you to go around challenging other kids to dance, but when they challenge you, you just look 'em straight in the eye, and give 'em this.  Come on, Stan.  ...six, seven, eight. 

A ticket? "Failure to care about the environment" Oh Goddammit, did you do this, Gerald?!

Alright, Yank, tell us where you keep your Jagermin's S'more-flavored Schnapps?!

We're sorry, boys. Why didn't you tell us your teachers were acting so over-the-top?

No, no, you're right, Sharon. We don't need informative murder porn to find passion in our marriage. We just have to get the spark back. Let's go away somewhere, me and you! Somewhere exciting and beautiful where we can just focus on us.

Oh... Sharon, what are you? Oh! Ohhhohoho, oh. Oh wow! A nice old-fashioned.  Oh that, oh that's good! Oh that's it. Yeah!  Now uh, switch arms.  Oohh that's good. Really good. Wow! How'd you get so good at this?  You're amazing! That's it! Faster! Faster! Awwwgh! ...Awwwww. Awwwww. Haven't had an old-fashioned in a long time.  Ugh, I'm tired.

That's what that hole is for? Oh.  Oops.

Wait. I think I understand the symbolism of the mirror. The Wall-Mart... is us.

Hoho, Stan, you're so young. You just don't get it.  Well, anyway, have a nice day.

Yeah. You're the one who always plugs up the toilet at our house.

Look, I don't know what they're up to, but these people have something much darker planned!

Oh yeah, and fuck Kyle! Surgeon general's resignation, Obama's real birth certificate, moms to stop trippin', and fuck Kyle! You got that?! Or else we're gonna bring the Federal Express to a grinding halt!

It is a big deal, okay?! People can get hurt! Believe it or not I was into Cock Magic back in college.

Yeah, the players should all wear bras! And instead of helmets, they should wear little tinfoil hats, 'cause, you know, it's the future and we shouldn't be so barbaric! 

Yeah. Both Kenny's dad and I were in Scouts for years.

I don't know, but whatever it is, it's worth the ticket price, because couples that pay to see it are stronger, better, and much, much happier.

Hey Bat Dad!  I didn't hear no bell.

Well, come on in and sit down, everybody.  You're here just in time. My son was having a little problem with our new religion.

Sharon, you're gonna be really glad I have all this footage of the family someday.

I wanted to keep this from you, Stan. I really wanted to wait until you were older but... you just had to keep asking questions!

Oh yes, it did. Go ahead and check it for splits. It's one solid piece.

Uh, you bet we are, Gerry! I feel great! I feel like I could take on the world! Everything's gonna be okay!

Here we see a view from outside the bus.

Stan! One family buying one glass isn't gonna make a difference!

Oh I'm so glad it's over, Sharon. Aren't you? 

Buffalo Soldier... in the heart of America. Stolen from Africa, brought into America. He was fighting on arrival...

Alright Stan, we're gonna need to check in and have our car inspected to qualify.  Now, son, Daddy needs to teach you something very important about "tells."

I quit. Now, what I have for your starters today is a potato-encrusted scallop with lobster foam. Now we're gonna top that with some crème fraîche.

I'm gonna pick you boys up right here at four o'clock, you got it?

Stan, you got something from Amazon.  Oh.  Ooohhh shit.

It's ah, getting late, boys. Why don't you get in the car and I'll drive you all home?

Look, I'm OK! Yuh, you wanna see my dick?

Must be... a pretty hot and steamy show. What's it called?

Back and we're back and we're back!
We're so back, we're so back back back back back back!

City bog. Too much, too much city bop. Too much too much too much 

Right now, Shelly!  Shelly, you are not watching this trash! Now, come on!

Stan, there's nothing wrong with a man following his passion!  Ooo yeah, fuck yeah.

You mean... drive in hybrids... but not act like we're better than everyone else because of it.

Stan's little league game, I'm... I'm not gonna go.

Okay, I'm sorry I interrupt. But she always takes over any conversation!

Smoke you know has got to go. You go, you got to know to say the "no" to the smoke, you go go..  ... you gotta get it!

Yeah, but... but if you sit on it that way, you have to take your pants all the way off.

He's so awesome!  He's so perfect and awesome!

According to industry experts, many rural areas don't have the bandwidth to support DVD-quality video in streaming services, and won't for years to come, making DVD rentals still the best movie-watching option. 

Oh.  Wait a minute. If all the seniors in town are at a meeting, that means that when the meeting gets out...

Boys, you got Santa to be Muhammad? When?

Hey everybody. Wanna thank you all for coming tonight. My name's Steamy Ray Vaughn and here's a little bit of Rattlesnake.  A-1 2 3 4! I've got a fever but it's under control!  I said I've got a fever need to take it kind of slow  I've got a fever but it's out of control. Ga ga, ga ga, la ga ga ga. 

Forty seconds? That ain't even long enough to check Wikipedia!

Oh yeah, we don't want our kids getting hurt playing football! But I think I have a way to make it even better! Why don't we have the players just wear bras?!

He got to where he is by being a good scout; maybe we should just leave him alone.

Well sorry if you guys think you have a monopoly on subtext! But us up-and-comers have a voice too!

KoRn is sending their demon minions upon us!

Everybody just, just calm down! Calm down, all right?! It's going to be okay! We just CAN'T. PANIC. 

Well, wait a minute, uhhh, boys, do you think you can go get that tape back for us really fast? 

Uh there's about seventeen thousand dollars' worth here.

It's in the attic with the old LP's.  Boys, did you notice anything uuuh strange about Kenny in the weeks leading up to his combustion? Ooh, what did he spend his time doing?

If anybody takes you, we'll be able to locate your exact location within two meters.

...Ah, good question. Ahh, the penis is the thing we're talking about that boys have that we're... measuring.  Okay any other questions? Okay, so then let's move on to the example on your study sheet. How about you? Could you read the first example for the class?  Example 1, young lady. Please read the problem out loud

Hey do you uh, do you want some alcohol or somethin', Sharon?

Well, your mom and I don't get out much, so you'll just have to bear through it.

Is this the line?  Oh God!  Is this whole line people waiting to be cured?

Yeah, yeah, and we really made some progress with the show. Andrew Lloyd Webber and those guys are gonna help us with it.

GET OFF... THE STREETS! GET OFF THE STREETS!

Look, I thought Broadway musicals weren't for me either, but I just didn't know about the whole subtext thing, you know? I couldn't really appreciate 'em till now.

Well, if you really think your life is so bad, Stan, why don't you take what you have out of your bicycle savings?!

Okay, I'll be right back.  'Scuse me, sorry. 

Maybe it's time we put our differences aside and forgive them.

I'm a scientist. I think it's best I handle this.

That's not true! I think Tween Wave music is complex and awesome and it speaks to my youthful rebellious spirit, Sharon!

If you can just understand that, Stanley, you'll see that boobs hold no real power at all.

Yeah well I gotta get to the doctor. 

That is the spirit of Christmas. Commercialism. Because it's what makes our country work!

No! No I won't do it! Leave him out of this! He's just a little boy!  Hey Stan. 

Well, yeah, but I have one question about the way it works.

No, Nelson, that's illegal! I can smoke this because I have cancer.

All right, look, we've been here for over three hours

Great! And so divide by the 17. carry the 1, and we can see that Randy's adjusted penis size, or T.M.I., is... 6.3 inches. Do we got that? Randy's length is 4.4 inches, but his adjusted length is 6.3. So how does our example person "Randy" compare to others on the T.M.I. scale? By referring again to the T.M.I. chart, we see that a T.M.I. of 6.3 is .8 inches more than the national average. 

Now I don't wanna lecture anybody, but what you boys are getting involved in is dangerous!

I know people that paid ten bucks for those bracelets. I bet they all feel pretty stupid now. 

Good! The man puts his penis  Okay? Into the woman's vagina.  Okay now, sometimes, a man can feel like how long his penis is, is actually important. But is it? When you boys measure your penis length, the truth is it doesn't really matter. What does matter is  Length times diameter plus weight over girth divided by angle of the tip squared, okay? When we're talking about penis size, we can't just use a tape measure. We need a scale  and...  a protractor as well.  Let's look at it on the graph here..  Follow along with me on your study sheets, kids.

Yeah, because if you don't smoke, you can grow up to be-

We gave those kids everything, and they turned into little... John Walkers!

City bop! City yeah!  Thank you! Thank you so much! I'd like to uh, bring up a special guest now. The other night I was chatting in a Tween Wave chatroom, because I do love Tween Wave so much, and I uh started chattin' with this nice lady who also really like her kids' Tween Wave music and... turns out she's a real talented artist as well. Please welcome Miss Steamy Nicks.

I'll take a DVD of Robocop 2 and the director's cut of Blade Runner.

Well what are we gonna do, Mayor?! Part 2 of the Family Guy episode airs in six days!

Uhhh, Stan? Aren't you supposed to be in school?

No, it does NOT  sound nice!  Stanley, you are gonna have no part in that boy band.

Pan-roasted? Like seared on the stove and put in the oven?

Calm down, Sharon, all right?!  Calm down! They're trying to find an antidote. Once they believe they can neutralize the enraging effects of the pee, they'll, they'll go in to look for survivors.

Seventy-inch television. Huh that would be good. Oooo, but 80% off a computer. Huh, maybe I'll be able to snag both.

Did you just say that... voting is ridiculous?

Because people didn't understand! People were afraid, Sharon! But now culture has caught up. And even our son is discovering what cock magic has to offer.

Uh well, like anybody else thought it was "naggers". I mean, right?

I'm already there.  What were we talking about? Oh yeah. See, your mother and I still care about you and your sister. But we just don't like being around each other any more.

Alright, listen up.  The mall is no longer allowing people to line up for Black Friday until Thanksgiving night.  It's okay. To hold places in line we're handing out wristbands.  Augh! Hold on! Oh God!

Come here, Stanley.  Stan, it was wrong of me to try and stop you from joining a boy band without explaining why. I've made some mistakes in my life, and now... I have to let you make your own mistakes.

Right. That's mother's intuition; you can't argue with that. No, Stan, I think the only way you're gonna get of him is by staying clear of drugs and alcohol.

What?! We'll see about this!  Excuse me, our content is being blocked and we need it now!

Uh, the only thing we have to do is get home before our wives leave us.

Well somebody had to put that knucklehead in his place.

All right, let's not make that mistake again.

But Sharon, I've got stuff to do. I've gotta see my credit rating, I've gotta send an e-mail to Nelson and check out Foley's vacation photos-

Boy this lemonade is great! Who knew how fun being sober could be?!

I'm sick of everything I do being so wrong, Sharon!

You're right. We can't just sit here any longer.

Oh, come on, he can't be trying that with all our wives?

Are you sure, son? Once you hear the secret, you will be bound to The Hare Club For Men forever.

Look, nobody wants to hear a bunch of twangy country music prowar proopaganda!

Oh all right, em maybe I was gonna buy a glass. One glass! ... And some chips... And butter.  And some new pliers.

No, I'm just... really, really tired. I... was shopping at Wall-Mart all night.

We love the city, yeah yeah yeah, 'cause I am Lorde. I am Lorde. Lorde Lorde Lorde Lorde yeah yeah yeah.

NO! I kn... I know! People need to read this book, Sharon, this is... this is Pulitzer prize stuff.

This is insane, Dad! You all need to stop right now before more people get hurt!

Yeah. First off, we're all gonna need new cars.

Oh. Fine! But when Utah gets taken over by New Jersey, who's next?!

Ahhh actually I- I happen to be on the phone with all the world leaders- I- I can ask. Uh yeah, listen, these, uh, police aliens are here, and they're wondering if anyone's seen an alien named Baby Fark McGee-zax.

When you die, your body is put into a broiling oven and cooked until you're nothing but ashes. 

I wish I could! I wish I could live with Jaden Smith so I could be rich and I wouldn't have to live in a boring sexless marriage where all your mom and I do piss each other off!  Oh crap.

Boys! Boys! Come on! There's a sale down in Express for Men!  Hey guys! There's a sale in Express for Men! 

All right, all right, let's try it again. Kenny was standing here. Stan, Kyle and Cartman were walking around him.  Now, walk.  Do you feel hot?

We-, I-I'm just saying that you are employed currently as a person who... packages...

No! No, you bunny-hating bastards! Don't do this!

Oh, I think you gave me the stomach flu, Mr. Garrison.

They don't think so, Stanley. Your... your friend is terminally ill, and that means.. Well son,... th- that means he's going to be going to heaven soon.

I know, pal. Sometimes... bad things happen to good people. But you know Butters is still Butters, and he needs you guys right now more than anybody.

Yeahyeahyeahyeah, but for now can I finally get my prescription please?!

Stan, whatever's happened, we going to help you.

You see that guy up there? I think he has a kidney disease. Every couple of minutes he gets out of line to go to the bathroom. When he leaves next, let's take his place.

It's okay, Stan, everything's changed. I don't need this stupid fuckin' job anymore! You lil fucking assfuck, piece of shit  You know what Obama said? Yes we can!

Not now, Nelson. I just joined a big party of night elves and we're gonna explore the Tower of Azora together.

Oh thank God! Hand it over, Stan! They're gonna kill me! Give them the rabbit!

Hey uh, listen, I, I thought I could do this, but it's not gonna work.

Well it's just that... the Harrisons are really nice people and... you should see how loving and together their family is. I, I think there's something to that religion.

Lorde Lorde Lorde. Lorde Lorde Lorde I am Lorde. I am L- I am Lorde. I am Lorde. Lorde Lorde Lorde.

Huh! Where else are we gonna get a new glass at this hour?! Everyone get your shoes on, we're goin' to Wall-Mart!

You're right, Stan. If God didn't make me stop drinking then... I did. Maybe... Maybe I can force myself to never drink again. 

Well, of course! I thought it would be implied! When you masturbate with another guy in a hot tub, you assume that nobody is gonna tell anybody! 

I haven't jacked off in over two weeks.

Yeah, and to be honest, we're just doing this meeting because of the two nights free deal.

Look, I just don't think it's the best idea to let our boys to go on a c-cruise with the priests.

I sure hope this works. No. No, it will work! I have to put my faith in a higher power. I HAVE to believe that this will work!  There! There's the church! Stop right here, Stan!

It's all right. Our kids think they've outsmarted us, but we're the ones who pay the cable company!  What'd they say? Can they remove the parental lock?

Yeah, how will Nelson and I make an X on sleepover nights?

Stan, you don't seem to understand how serious this is! The secret of Easter that we protect is something that could rock the foundation of the entire world!

Ah ya ya. Okay, uh. Ah ya ya ya ya-a-a-a.  Okay, uh, uh...  Oooo! Oh yeah! Oh my clit! Oh yeah! Oooo yeah, flick that bean, yeah! 

Attaway, South Park! They ain't swingin' at nothin'!

Sorry if my work isn't up to your standards!  And now I need to get back to rehearsals.  Oh. And if "Splooge-Drenched Blowjob Queen" wins the Tony, don't expect to be invited to my after party. 

Somebody's gonna have to go outside and activate the backup boosters.

No, wait, wait! Ugh. Eugh. I... I'm okay.

What does that have to do with anything? 

I'm just having a hard time with what we did in the hot tub.

You were thinking it. But you're wrong. The average person still wants to rent movies they can hold in their hands. We're gonna have customers up our ass Sharon, UP OUR ASS.

Then perhaps soon our Economy will return to us.

Aw come on, that's stupid. How's that, how's that even possible?

Oh boy, they're really gettin' into each other's heads out there.  Yeah! Let's go, South Park! These Fort Collins kids got nothin'! Wooo!

...In my Easter Bonnet, with all the frills upon it, I'll be the grandest lady in the Easter parade.

Hey Jakov. Uh, could you run down to the store and get some more... pretzels?

Well, they're right. We should have known that all that methane could adversely affect the atmosphere.

Just look at the Marsh family, huh? Brand-new television, new plastic dishware and cups, and enough bulk-buy ramen to last us a thousand winters. 

I just... don't think I can, all right?

Oh, this is good! Nice for you all to turn out in record numbers to show your support for sarcastaball!  Yeah yeah, we're, we're through with our kids getting knocked on the ground and tackled! Let's make sarcastaball the official school sport nationwide!  Go on, pat yourselves on the back! 

I can't touch you or hug you, but... but I'm right with you. Do you understand?

Damn your incongruities!  I'm goin' in after my son!

Did they measure from the base or from the balls? 

And hold!  Sorry folks, we're in a hold. Just freeze right there.  Uhh, this better be important.

Sir, please, my son is in there! What's happened?

I don't think so, you son of a bitch! 

What?! I specifically told him not to do that!

Aww! Alright, look. There's something I should have told you a long time ago, Sharon. Broadway musicals... aren't what you think they are! They're subliminal propaganda to get women to give more blowjobs! On the outside it's all singing and dancing, but buried in it are commands to perform oral sex. It's called subtext.

Oh sure. Some people just use the term in jest - tell a nigger guy joke or two thinking it's no big deal - but they don't realize it can lead to people using the term as an excuse for violence.

Don't blame the mayor, Sharon. What about FEMA? Think this whole thing is really their fault.

Checkout line... They had these... little stickers filled with glitter! They were only ninety nine cents for 15 of them. I couldn't resist! Do you want one?  Here. It's a little turtle. 

Now, I'm not sure this blatant commercialism is good for our boys.

Not exactly. We're uh, having their family over for dinner tomorrow night.

Wha... what do you mean, "Why do we do this?" It's Easter!

Yeah, well uh, sorry we had to bring the kid along. We had nowhere else to put him.

Jesus. I guess maybe you'll never understand how important voting is.  Goodbye, Son.  That's... one of the hardest things a parent ever has to do.

Just, keep your voices down. We'll stay the night in here. We'll stay the whole winter if we have to. 

A musical?  Nelson couldn't watch football 'cause his wife made him take her to a musical! 

Not now, uh Stan, I'm pillaging.  Get over here!

That's not important right now, son. What's important is figuring out whose fault this is. 

We...  Well, this is really sort of funny, but uh, we, we accidently put a...porno in The Lord of the Rings box. 

Get up! Get your shoes on! Gotta get out of here! MOOVE!  Take this!!  We've gotta bring all the water we can!!  Shelly, go get my gun!!

Mr. Garrison! Chef! Jimbo!  Now, come on people! What the hell is wrong with you?! Don't you see what you're all doing?!

So then, couldn't I just order one that works without going in and out of my ass and mouth?

Mr. Cruise, please call Barbra Streisand off!  She's destroying everything!

Oh man! It was great! A different Broadway show every night! I'm telling you guys, New York is the place to be!

Everyone! Everyone, listen! There's something you all need to know about sarcastaball. It turns out... it's totally safe.  Yeah, it's super safe! It's like sooo safe that we should have every kid play it-ugh!  Oh! Sorry, sorry. Hang on. Gotta not be so sarcastic. Ahem, let me try that again. Listen everyone... if you let your kids play sarcastaball, you're a fucking genius! Ogh!.. Gyugh! Cut, sorry. Let me try this again.  Look, what I'm trying to say is, we should have like, 10 sarcastaball leagues, because then everyone-! Would-  God damn it!

Oh thank you, commissioner! I'm thrilled to be a part of this! Thanks!

Great news, Stan! The Vatican is burning down!

I'm gonna go have a talk with this "Mr. Harrison."  If he thinks he can fill my son's head with wacko religious crap, he's wrong! 

Yeah. But I loved our time together. I hate to see it end. Go on, get out.  You know that nothing is more important to me than you, right, Stan?

Ogh. I don't believe we came all the way out here.

Say Sharon, how would you like to go to New York for the weekend?

How do you think I met your mother?

Stan! Get in the car! We have to evacuate!

Oh yeah, I've totally got time to do that, Sharon! In fact, how about I go downstairs and make a four-course meal for all of you? Check that: a seven-course meal?

Yes, so I'm not some fuddy-duddy who doesn't get it! I just wanna make sure if you boys do it, you do it right, and safely. 

Yeah, it doesn't look like the space cash was ever here.

Duh, it's the Hare Club For Men. Chicks wouldn't understand.

Thanks for seeing me. I've got my speech written. I'm ready to let the world know the truth. 

Um, my name's Randy, and... I just, really like beer.

I've lost the edge. I'm sorry, Sharon. But you have to take Stan to his Little League game alone. 

Well, look, my kid was just over at your house and he a-

This is where we make our stand! South Park will never be West Jersey! 

Wow, you sure whipped those kids into shape.

Mayor, we have got a very big problem. Mt. Evanston is about to erupt.

Loove 'em. Everywhere I go, when I walk by, chicks are like turning their heads and going "whaaa?" I never knew how much women love guys' balls until I got these puppies. 

It's finally happened, Sharon!  I did it!  Here you are, my lady. A brand new leather coat, pour vous.

I wasn't doing anything wrong! This is a complete outrage to drone owners everywhere!

Uh, yeah. Yeah, that's all we need, huh Stan?  Oh boy.

Oh boy, it's getting late. I'm gonna have to leave this party.

I don't know what to do. I'm so startled.

Don't worry, it'll still be fun for us. 

What?! Oh my God, everyone likes Tom Hanks and Beyoncé!  I've gotta save them!

Well, do you really thnk we should be telling our son what music he can and can't listen to?

This is the greatest day of our lives! Yes we can!

Now, Eric, they're called Native Americans, remember? Show some respect.

Yeah. This place has a power over us we can't resist! We have to find a way to put the South Park Wall-Mart out of business once and for all!

Everyone below this line  will have to be evacuated to the south. Everyone above this line  is already dead. People like us in the middle states have to ride it out.  The balmy southwestern states  might have a chance but, New York  will have tidal waves that envelop all of the northeast.  What, Frank?!  Aw awww, Goddammit! 

Here here, look, look!  What the?  Oh- ohhh I didn't have a tape in it. 

You just had to push it, didn't you Stan. You just had to make fun of Tom Cruise again!

Yes, uh... you see, Token... that was called a pornographic film. I-it shows adult men and adult women having sexual intercourse.  Well, y-you see, when a, when a man and a woman fall in love, the man puts his penis in the woman's vagina. It's called love-making, and it's part of being in love.

Doesn't matter. He's got the record now; there's nothing I can do.

Well I was thinking: We could turn the homeless into tires, so that we'd still have homeless, but we could use them, on our cars.

Excuse me, I need to uh, have some private Internet time.

Look at that one, huh? Half purple and half yellow with a chikadee sticker. I'm good. 

Yeah. Who needs more stuff, anyway? This Christmas we can do somethin' that really matters!

I can get him! Wait! Where's he going now?

Doctor, we-uuuh purposefully sent our son to stay with a friend who had chickenpox so that he would get it early.

Stan, let's call the guys together. Maybe we can make this right.

You don't see the point! Oh, you young people just make me sick!

Well I got to admit, it's a lot easier to get in doors with my little prosthetic balls. 

So, so guess what? Our Pinewood Derby car found alien life in space.

Get up the stairs! Up the stairs! Come on! Come on!! 

Wait a second. Aren't you Stan's little friend?

Well, we did it son, we fought a battle for your well being, and won.

Leave me alone I don't have any change!

I just don't understand what is wrong with you two! What is the joy that this stuff possibly brings you?!

Stan, as you get older, boobs - bu-these "ahta" will start becoming a major part of your life.

My son is in there! Duh-uh!  Stan?!  Stan! Stan!

The only thing I could do was come back to Colorado, and face everyone that I had abandoned.

It's all about moderation. If you never fart, you combust, but if you always fart, you deplete the ozone. So we must fart only at appropriate times or when it's really, really funny.

Now listen up: there are only eight of us now. Peterson was a great guy, and he did not deserve to get beheaded like that. Now I don't know about you, but I am sick and tired of getting to know people here, getting invested in their personalities and their back stories, and then having them die!  When those doors open, we all stick together! If anyone panics, it puts us all at risk!  Stay tough, rookie.

You're right, Stanley. You're absolutely right.  Hey, that Bible sounds like kind of a good book.

You sure? All r- all right, you got those?!

Stanley, why did you do that? I would have proudly died for that rabbit.

All right, Sharon. I'm practicing. Cock magic is making a comeback.

Wha- what the hell is wrong with you? That's not right.

Hey, you guys wanna go to the toy store after school and get some Spaceman Greg cards?

Oh my God!  Ohmygod! Stan!  Stan, we did it! Colorado Senate moves to ban queefing!

Right, but you don't have... the two seconds orrr?

Dad, you shouldn't be spending your retirement money on frivolous things! You should be saving it for when you die. That's ours!

You just had to be so damn stubborn, didn't you?!

Okay okay!  You're right. You're right, Finland! Okay? You're right. Can you just... let us other countries talk pr-private, for a moment?

An incredible harvest. Some of the best corn I've seen in years.

Aw Jesus Christ! Sliced hot dogs and tomato slices?!

Hey, Stanley, uh, hop in.  Listen, Stanley, I- I know all this change must be tough on you, but you know, your-your mother and I thought it'd be best for all of us if we'd split up.

Relax, Father Maxi. What harm can one Jew do against our... economic recovery movement?

What the hell are they doin' here?! Rabble! Rabble rabble!

But I put my faith in a higher power and... I haven't had a drink for five days now! 

Jimmy! Jimmy!  Where did the boys go with the porno tape?

That's a that's a, that's a new sound. 

Hey uh, could you uh, give me half a pound of that Suburban Sunrise, please?

Me! Oh right, I forgot to tell you that part. I'm actually Lorde.

It's not drinking. It's called a White Zinfandel Sipping Sprint, and it's competitive. Get off your high fuckin' horse.

Listen uh, it's been thirty minutes. We'd like to go hit the slopes now?

And suddenly there I was, thrown into a group with four other young men who I didn't even know. 

Can't help it, Nick. Can't help feeling like... we're losing something.

Yeah, but the good news is we finally came to our senses and bought some shares in a condo. So we all get to come to Aspen for two weeks every year!

These guys are from Zurich, Sharon! They're Europeans! 

I belong to a secret society that has been around for thousands of years! Our identities have to be protected!

Stanley, Easter celebrates the day that Jesus was resurrected after being crucified for our sins.

But, I don't know if I'm really an alcoholic.

Anyway, here's to a new start for us all. Thank you! 

Nothing. Uh. I'm gonna go get some chips.

I didn't say that. I mean, I don't know, I... I just feel so strange. I know it's ridiculous, but I can't help feeling like people here know. You know? Like, even though nobody could know, 'cause we said we'd never tell anybody.

So wha- so what'd you do? D'you dance back?

Psseh... huh...  Ohhh... Whoahohoohhh... Man, that is hot...  Oh yeah. Fuck.

What? What did I do?!  What did I do?!

Stanley, when you left for school this morning, you said you were going to vote!

I'm not dead yet Sharon, but you might be!

...What? With the-?  What whoa wait, Stan. You gave up playing hockey a long time ago.

Hey, wait a minute, I think we just got squirreled.

All the ad said was that we had to attend a thirty-minute meeting, right, and- and it's been a day and a half! These guys won't let us leave!

Grandma is in the hospital! And you won't even be friends with her!

Yeah you'd... put some onion in while you're deglazing?

The guys agree, Sharon: it could be a record holder.

Why would wealth and success cause a man to go out and have sex with everyone he could?

Oh, now look at that. They're scared to death.

Oh I get it. Blockbuster's so old it's creepy! Haha! Nobody rents movies anymore!  People just don't know we're open yet!

Oh, well Stan, we're uh, we're sorry we jumped to conclusions.

I'm sorry my wife held you captive, officer. She's been upset 'cause her Aunt Flo isn't gonna visit her anymore.

Well what are we gonna do, Mayor?! We have to stop these abductors from being able to get into our town!

Alright,  that's 2.8 centimeters... should give us a drag of only.. 26 milliseconds. Hold the front here, Stan. 

Butterflies have no concern for such things, Stan. I'm gonna go find me some butterly poon.

Well, there's plenty of other interesting you can do. Have you ever tried marijuana?

Yeah, me too.  Stephen, we've gotta keep moving! We're in deep hypothermia, all of us! We've gotta keep the blood flowing! 

Alright Stan, that's enough. Jesus, can't learn to shut up, can you? Now look, I believe we CAN find Muhammad. I have done a lot of research and I have completed a sketch of what Muhammad might look like today. 

He's a... he's a very... progressive... little boy. Gets it from his mother.

No, Japan! Will you listen to me for five seconds?! If you keep building giant robots the cops are gonna ask questions!

No I'm eh... I know for a fact that I don't sound the same live.

I should have known. Bastards always talked about a day when social media and entertainment would be fused as one! I didn't know they meant a Christmas special!  Can you help me stop them?!

Oh God, and we told our boys they'd never reach heaven.

Yeah, I'm thinking maybe Gerald's house is nicer than mine is.

We're a simple people. All we want is to be allowed to live our lives.

Oh my God, I don't know. I mean, I still have another year of high school, and I--

Yeah, yeah! Let's do that! We got the economy in the toilet, a big election coming up, but this country's number one priority should be making football safer! 

Come on, we're taking you back to the hospital. 

AWWWWWWW! Why didn't you tell me Shelly was gonna see "Wicked"?!

Ugh. I'm not staying up to do that Sharon, jeez!

Yeah, well, the other team was just so awesome on offense I was really scared. 

Sharon, come on. Don't you remember being younger and having our parents say the music we liked sounded like crap?

I'm getting in for a while, too.  Geronimo!

Hey. Hey Mexico! We said no spending the space cash yet!  What the hell are you doing?! Will some country that speaks Spanish yell at Mexico please? They're gonna ruin everything!

But, maybe... I'm just the kind of person who needs to have it all or nothing.

You see Stan? What did Daddy tell you? Everything worked out.

Well, I'm sure glad this is all over.

Oh I'm sorry. I thought you were a wax sculpture.

I'm goin' down the road feelin' bad.
I'm goin' down the road feelin' bad.
I'm goin' down the road feelin' bad, oh Lordy.,
My Internet done up and went away. 

Face it Sharon, our son turned 10 and you feel old!

Tell the Grand Hare everything is okay. I'll take it from here.

Well fine. I was gonna bail you out, but maybe you can just sit here for a bit and think about what you did!

Hello, welcome to Blockbuster!  Can I help you find something?

SO?! Stanley, Mohammad is sacred to the Muslim people.  Ever since those cartoon in Denmark, the rules have changed. Nobody shows an image of Mohammad anymore.

All right, what the hell is going on here?!

Get back! Get out of my way!  Commander Marsh?

Well like, what forms of cancer induce in time for the Ziggy Marley concert next Saturday in Denver?

A-alright, now, now listen, kids. There's some things we need to put into context for you. You see, a man puts his penis into a woman's vagina for both love and pleasure. But sometimes the woman lays on top of the man facing the other way so that they can put each other's genitals in their mouths.  Uh, this is called "69ing" and it's normal.

Thanks, Jim. 'Cause it's totally what I intended. You know, when I came up with the idea I was sure it was gonna end up like this.

Power to the people! Burn it down! Burn it down!!

Wait, are you saying that you boys only wanted to build a ladder to heaven so you could get some candy??

Oh wait. Sh sh. Hold on a second, gang. 

Mr. Cotswolds, we can't completely control what our kids do socially. That's..., you know, that's for them to figure out on their own.

Yeah, but we can't be sure, so we'd better assume he is and never try that first marijuana cigarette, huh?

Well, how is it good?! We don't understand what the point of your product is!

Chicken nuggets... and fries... sweet and sour sauce... and a Hi-C Orange. 

Well, goodnight everybody. It sure has been great bringing you a hundred episodes.

I know. They're pretty swollen. Kinda hurts. I'm gonna buy some more weed.

Hello, Stanley. It's me, Poppa.  Gosh, your mother and I miss ya. And I hope that... wherever you may be, you'll hear this message. 
Little lamb, you're lost in the great big world
Runaway, findin' streets so cold

Alright, for this last bit I'm gonna need a volunteer. Anybody?

Because I got a DUI and so I'm required to attend AA meetings for two weeks. I was stupid one night and drank too much and then drove a car. That was dumb and I'm not gonna do it again.

Shelly, there's a good chance Lorde isn't goin' to show up.

Oho you'll see! I'm sorry, Stan, but in about thirty minutes this place is gonna be swamped with people trying to rent DVDs!

Don't be crazy, Gerald. You'll never get through all those homeless people.

Crazy? Different? Outcasts? Call us what you want. But us metros are real people, just like you!

"Walking out of the house he found a bloody pu-" What? "He immediately stuck up his im...fected ba-"  "That was all long ago in some brief lost spring, in a place that is no more. In that hour the vaj frogs begin and the scent off Scrotie's infected anus becomes its strongest." Oh... Oh, man.

Yes, yes, of course. I've got work to do.  What?!

Yes, they're the ones that told me. I thought I could just quite drinking on my own, but... it's an illness, son. I have to admit that I'm powerless to this terrible disease. 

Oh my God that's awesome! Oh...  Oh, oh.  ...Yeah. Whoa.

Jesus Christ! Yes, I would love to be the coach of the sarcastaball team!

You... must find a cure for SARS, son. And save our people.

I'm tellin' you this thing was the size of a freakin' football.

Uh, excuse me, but my wife and I honestly never touched our child.

Well,  it seems all the buttons on these front and rear flexigrips are also found on the side of the vehicle.

For harvest, Stanley. Same reason we've always done it.

Aw. Aw it's just a stupid threat! Come on Muhammad, we don't want to piss off Tom Cruise again. 

I had a problem, but I was able to stop. Now I only drink gluten-free beer and wine. But with Stan, I think there's some darkness inside him that... doesn't... allow him to stop.

Heh, it's 11 o'clock and she's still sleeping.

Okay. We're running now.  There's Sharon and Shelly running. Wave to the camera, Shelly!

Heh, I remember when we could afford to buy six steaks when we shopped at Wall-Mart.

Well, our son just said to us that he really needed to see his little friend Kenny again and... and that he thought it would work...  if he... built the ladder to heaven.

Oh, thank God!  Sharon! Have you seen my crème fraîche??

The problem, Gerald, is that ever since you got a hybrid car, you've gotten so smug that you love the smell of your own farts!

You're gonna love it, Sharon. It is in pristine condition.

Why are we fightin' this war?'There's a man in the office we didn't vote for.'They didn't give me a choice.'War is not my voice! Yeaaaaahhhh!

Yeah okay? Let's just try to have a nice dinner, okay?

Don't be ridiculous, boys. The anti-smoking people are kind, caring, and intelligent. Your heads have just been corrupted by the lies of the big tobacco companies. 

Right, my son just got confused. Because you have a little uniform, and a... hat that says "Fred's Fudge and Candies"... and you are... Look it doesn't matter. Just please withdraw the class-action lawsuit. Nobody in our town will ever call you a fudge packer ever again. 

Sshh! I've been filing down this piece of metal into a shank. I'm gonna call him over here to look at the car, and when I do, you shove that in his neck.

Gang, I think maybe we, owe God an apology.

That's right, I agree.  And it should be taken off of money as well.  The religious right in this country is trying to force our children to believe what they bel-  Bwwaaaagh  And we can't let the religious right corrupt our kids.

What wait wait, hold on. I never knew that Alcoholics Anonymous was a religious thing.

Kids, get back in the car. We can go to the Mac store.

You know, I think Lorde is going to play tomorrow.

Please, Emperor Akishino! We need Japan's help to fight these people!  Fine! But you Japs will all be eatin' hoagies in a month!  That's it, nobody's gonna help us! We're on our own!

Oh, that's real mature, Sharon! Just act like everything's funny! It's a big joke to you, isn't it?! Just a big joke!  Don't touch me! 

Stan? Okay? You just don't understand the fine points of gambling. You're never supposed to stop when you're on a winning streak.

I'll do it.  You can test the antidote on me. 

The Founding Fathers would agree with our right to protest!

Wait wait wait, wait. Whoa! What! The! FUCK?!

You can't just leave my son in there with all that pee!

What is Minecraft and how do you tame a horse in it?!

I'll tell you what happened, son! See, there's a bunch o' idiots out there who weren't happy with what they had!  They wanted a bigger house and materialistic things that they didn't even need.  People with no money who got loans to buy frivolous things they had no business buying.  And these assholes just blindly started buying any stupid thing that looked appealing,  'cause they thought money was endless!  It goes back to when the government had the idea that everyone in America deserves to own a house. So we have people having a hard time paying their loans,  meaning less money coming in.  And the idiots couldn't see that by doing all this frivolous spending they were mocking the Economy. And they made the Economy very angry.  We're all feeling the Economy's vengeance because of materialistic heathens who did stupid things with their money! Do you understand, son? 

It's over, Denver! South Park whupped your ass!

Yeah, right. You'd better get back to school, little boy.  Ow!

Gotta try to take it easy from now on, son. Get Daddy another beer, will ya?

Oh look! Stan's eating a tater-tot! Wave to the camera, Stan. 

I love havin' a family and all. I just... miss being able to party. Drinking and socializing, and experimenting with all kinds of different things.

Please. Some of our kids are in there. We should have listened to you earlier.

Words with venom, words that bind. Words used like weapons to cloud my mind. I'm a person. I'm a man. But no matter how hard I try, people just say "Hey! There goes that 'nigger' guy."  Everywhere I go, it's always the same. I can't get away from that terrible name! "Hey Nigger Guy! Nigger Guy! Nigger Guy!" Stop! Now go. Call me Nigger Guy! Fill me with your hate! Try to bring me down- Oop up, you're too late. Someone just beat you to it. But my dream will not die: To be thought of as more... than just "Nigger Guy".  Respect. 

Stan?! Daddy wants to have a little talk, Stan! Stanny boy?! I'M COMING!  Oh look, Wedding Crashers.  What are you doing, Shelly?

Oh boy, it's nice to have a night out without the kids, huh?

Ohh yes, I had a lot of kim chee.

Damnit, mine's in the shop!  Uh hey! Eh help! Stop!  Please, it's an emergency!  Nelson! Nelson, I need to come over and use your computer! No, I d-I need to play World of Warcraft! NELSON!

Thad. Nice. You um, havin' a busy day?

Yeah, but when we did it we actually stood for something. I mean, remember Woodstock, Sharon? We actually did something there.

No, I was talking to my asshole. C-C'mon, asshole. Let's get back to work. 

Uh, you just get a hammer and some wood. What? Uh some girls wanna play Truth or Dare or something?

Oh, yeah, it's not really what I expected.

Well, come on. I'll drive you down to the mall.

Uh, you go ahead, Sharon. Divide some Internet amongst the children. I- gotta talk to somebody.

Our son, banished! Where did we go wrong?! 

Well, let's see. If they combust... no. Could be from the... no.

Well we tried everything. We can't get through the door without tearing apart the house.

You can't go out there! You'll freeze to death!

And I'm a little for bringin' 'em home.

How's it going? Awesome! Nobody's getting hurt and the kids are learning valuable life lessons! 'Cause hugging and safety are what the world is all about!

Well, you know what I think? I think you're all metrophobic!

Alright, fine.  Just to be clear, you and I are not... friends?

Hey,  that's what I'm talkin' about. You got any extra of that?  Oh, thanks!  Gets a little boring around here, you know? 

Uh, listen. Uh, it was my fault that Stanley served your boys the other day. Uh, I told him to do it and I... We- well look I, I just came down here to tell you... it-  it- it's not on.

More people from Jersey are showing up in our town! If we don't do something, South Park is going to become West Jersey.

No, I mean... Well, they say everybody has at some point, don't they?

You can say it, Sharon! I know Bono's better than me! I'm sorry I'm not Bono, all right?! Sorry that I don't have... billions of dollars and a Nobel prize nomination!

Jesus, they can't kill it!  What do you think about the Guineasaurus Rex, Shelly?  Oh that's good. There, there's Shelly with the Guineasaurus Rex in the background. Give, give a little peace sign, Shelly.  Oh I know, hold out your palm so it looks like you're holding the Guineasaurus Rex. Shelly?

I can fight anybody. I just need to train. I just need to get in the best shape of my life.

Hey, Stan, can I play with you guys? 

Alright, the limo's here. Muhammad, thanks again for doing this. 

Well I really thought you boys really learned something in the Museum of Tolerance, but apparently all you learned was new words to call your poor teachers!

Boys, I'm really proud of you. You've done an amazing thing for marriage rights. 

No.  No no, I'm sorry, but I'm not... like you. I just said the N-word by mistake to win money.

He's right. Our boys didn't hate homosexuals, they just hated the way this asshole was acting.

Anybody got more of that loompa loompa weed?

You're in big trouble, Stanley! Can you explain to us how you managed to spend $489 on a mobile app?! 

You get a discount working here. Ten percent. That means the bargains are even better.

And so what have we learned through this ordeal? The Internet went away. It came back. But for how long we do not know. We cannot take the Internet for granted any longer. We as a country must stop over-logging -on. We must use the Internet only when we need it. It's easy for us to think we can just use up all the Internet we want. But if we don't treat the Internet with the resPECT  that it deserves, it could one day be gone forever. So let us learn to live with the Internet, not for it. No more browsing for no apparent reason, no more mindlessly surfing on our laptops while watching television. And finally,  We must learn to only use the Internet for porn twice a day. Max. 

Uh, Japanese girls exchanging bodily fluids? Click.  Oh this sucks! I can't jack off to this!  Damn it.  Uhm, let's see. Interracial gangbang. Click.  Agh. Les-shemales! Let's try shemales. Click.  Bestiality? Click, click on that.  Ah, ah! Brazilian fart fetish porn?! Click! Click!  Dahya.  No. No, this isn't gonna work.  It's just not the same.

Look, look, the thing is, do we tell Gerald, or do we just stay out of it?

Look, I do a lot of post-production enhancements to make my music sound the way it does, okay? I feel like if I play live I'm... really gonna disappoint people. I'm sorry, but the answer is no.

Oooo, the nickel slots! You might win the thirty-dollar jackpot! Ahh, women, huh? God I hate 'em. 

See what he's doing there, Stan? He brined that for an hour in the fridge, so now he can sear the shit out of it. Whoaoaoaoaoaoaoo.

Jesus, you stuck a pick axe right in my skull!

Oh my God, look how long the lift lines are.

We're going down to-uhh Happy Burger for some milkshakes.

We're not watching TV! We're Mormons now and we're having Family Home Evening!

Happy? I'm thrilled! Look at how much better this is!

Oh yeah? What do you think, Mr. Jefferson? Do you think Kobe's guilty or innocent?

Well I think when this is all over, our son is gonna thank us.

Anu-nothing!  I'ma-I'ma-I'm just gonna head down to the Wall-Mart real quick.

Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my Gohhhd!

This is taking too long! I'm gonna run out of beer! Stan!

Shelly? Shelly?  Shelly, come on. We have to go!

Where is it, where is it?? I must have left it at home!  I'll be right back!

Look I'm startin' to feel kind of stupid; can I please get high?

Heavy cream, sugar, chocolate syrup - no, ice cream's good for you!

Hey, we're getting all the parents together and we're gonna take care of this, okay? Nothing like this will ever happen again.

I was just playing Mi- mmmmuh... my banjo.

It is time for us all to grow up.

Dad?? Look! We don't know you and you don't know us! Just go away before we call the police!

Sharon, I miss being intimate with you! Everything was so passionate and then it just... dropped off. I feel like we're losing our bond.

Alright, alright, stop! We'll do what you say.  I'm sorry, Muhammad. Will you please step out of the bear costume? 

How do we know they're not? We need to be brave enough to ask questions! 

No! Wait. I mean, ah-I'll think about it.

All right, good. Now, let's all go eat some of Mrs. Gruhd's great future cooking.

Will you look at that? Is that the biggest crap you've ever seen or what?

Awgh. Stan, it's not that simple! Just relax while I find the lights. Here we go. 

Nobody wants to here another pro-war country song!

Oh. Lasagna's ready.  You hear that, Stan? Mom says lasagna... is ready! I can see through your sarcasm, Sharon!

Anybody could play it. Do you really think so?

Yeah, I know what you mean. I'm down three hundred bucks.

Staaan.  I've never been able to say this before, but...I love you, son.

Ohhh neato, it's one of those Peruvian pan flute bands. Stan, go out and stand with them. I can get a shot. 

Yeah, Jews! And all this stuff that the government's doing!

What? Me? Do you like my singing that much?

Well there certainly ain't none here! Look, maybe it's time you all face reality! The Internet here is dried up!

Yeah, swell! Could I just... have a few minutes alone?

Is there-uh anything we can do for you, son?

What? Son, that's a silly thing to fight about.

Yeah! Let's get that damned school on the phone! 

A cartoon...! A cartoon is about to air on American television with... with the Muslim prophet Mohammad as a character! 

No, no-no-no-no. We, we did your meeting and we did your lunch, we're finished, okay.

Look out, it's a bunch of pissed-off faggots! 

If we can dig a very large trench, we can divert the lava into a canyon, and then it would bypass South Park, pretty much completely.

But Stan, it's over now. We'll never have to lie again.

I almost did it. I almost made something of myself. You know, when you get real close, you start thinking that maybe your life is gonna matter.  I mean, this was something I made! Something that came from me! That was a part of me! The only thing I ever made that was any good!

Not me. I'm not a scientist, I'm a hack. Even if I found a solution, those people would still all hate me.

I'm keeping my son home Saturday. I just came by to let you know so you can... put a stop to all this. Goodbye. 

No it doesn't sound like crap to me!  Ugh. 

Come on! That's pretty impressive!  Wha-hey Stan! Stan, look at this. 

Oh my God, did you just...? At the table?

Oh we missed the murder! Did he cut them up?!

Grandpa, how much did you spend on that?

...But you just don't wanna, add me, as a friend?

This is America! This is an honest America!

The person's ashes are put into an urn, and that's where Kenny's body is.

We don't really use this thing anymore.  It hasn't started yet! Alright, Sharon, get on your computer upstairs! Mr. Jackson, you can take the one in my son's room! We've got to tell people the truth!

We're just asking you to try. The whole town even got together and, and baked you a cake. 

What the hell is that supposed to mean?!

Oh, Jesus, what has gotten into that kid?!

Ooohhh, I thought a group of Vietnamese people were having their intestines pulled out through their mouths. 

Jaden Smith lets his parents do whatever they want. You know what? The guys at work, they took a bet on who would win in a fight, you or Jaden Smith, and they all said Jaden Smith could kick your ass! He does movies and he can sing, and he's totally cool to his parents!

Hey, come on people. We can keep partying, can't we? Yes we can! Come on, let's sing. O-bama. Well you came and you gave without taking.  And I sent you away, O-bama. When you kissed me and stopped me from shakin'. 

Two words which by themselves can be harmless but which together... form a verbal missile of hate.

Well I mean...  this is a lot of space cash, guys. Think o'what we could do with it.

Well eh, I'm right here, can you just... bring it over?

I like to rock, but I don't wanna rock Iraq! The only kind of rockin' America should do, is the kind that we can all dance to, yeah!

With all due respect, clichй dissenting Republican, the economy isn't going to matter... the day after tomorrow. 

NO, I can't wait around my house from 6 am to 3 pm all of November!

You got some nerve, you know that?! Where do you come off ticketing people?!

Okay, that's enough, girls! Alright? I mean, how old are you, Sharon?

Fuck New Jersey!  Keep shooting! We're sick of you, Jersey!

You don't understand, Sharon! I've got Gordon Ramsay up my ass, Bobby Flay out to kick my ass, and the whole world's gonna be watching! I can't sleep! I haven't slept for days!

For you people who still think war is the answer, perhaps you can listen to the voices ... of the children. 

It started off so simple. There's a guy at work. Hanson. He would use the bathroom and just blow the thing up, you know? Not only that, but he was in there all the time! I finally got fed up and pretended to be a woman. I called myself Lorde. Have you ever been in a woman's bathroom, Stan? It's all clean and there's enough stalls for everyone. It was so freeing. I started singing while I was in there, and then I- started writing things down.

I, uh, got a note from Stanley to come out to the-uh clubhouse.

No, I was just uh flipping through the channels. 

Look, this isn't what I want! My music is supposed to be-

Good-bye, Chef! Have a great time with the Super Adventure Club!

Sure! Who is it, we can get anybody for you.

And some gifts for the kids too. After all, we're rich now.

Oh yeah? What's that?  AAAGH!  Sharon, what the effing fuck was that?!

They're coming!! Get out of here before they see you! Run to the hills and find a way to fight them! Go!!  Boys, avenger me! AVENGER ME!!

Same as you guys. Trying to get men lengthier, better-quality blowjobs.

I did, Sharon.  I saw they were hiring extra security, and I thought it'd be a good way to make money.

Yea, it is an angry and unforgiving Economy. To repent we must stop frivolous spending! Instead of paying for cable let us watch clouds! Instead of buying clothes, wear but sheets from thine beds! Cut spending to only the bare essentials! Water and bread and margaritas, yea. 

Don't be silly, Stan. You don't wanna go through life without one of your hands. 

Oh, sure, I mean, you know, Cop Drama is a very artsy, dramatic show.

Mayor, I think I'm a little overqualified for this. My scientific mind is best used on global problems.

Yeah! That has got to be about the biggest misunderstanding ever! 

Oh boy, this is great! My week just keeps getting better.

Uuuh, I- I'll try to find a solution.

Oh, did he now?! What are they, religious kooks?!

You're gonna have to walk slower than that. You've got a while.

Well, we'va all learned an important lesson. That just because somebody's gay doesn't mean they're gonna molest children. Straight people do that too.

What is wrong with you, Stan?! You said you stopped buying Canadough!

It's Al Qaeda!  Give 'em hell, Al Qaeda! 

Your Pee Wee hockey game! The Pepsi Center?! In between periods of the Colorado Avalanche?

Hahaha, haha! You can be a spooky ghost all you want, it wasn't a stupid idea to buy this place!

Know anywhere else we can stay? We're... heading out Californee Way. Looking for some Internet.

Right.  But what if we didn't call the cops?

Sounds good to me; let's go this weekend!

You see boys, if we like our small-town charm more than the big corporate bullies, we all have to be willing to... pay a little bit more. Do you understand?

No place like the video store, eh, my friend? Convenience at its peak.

What? I thought this was a free country! 

Uh hey, space officers. How can we help you?

...Murder porn? Stan, this is just an investigative crime show.

Mayor, I have it. I found out why people spontaneously combust.

That's 'cause you're a chick! Now just leave us alone!  Don't worry, son, the Hollises are not beating us this year! I went and got something to put inside our car and make it go extra-fast. 

Shh! Trying to concentrate!  Just hold the damn wheel! 

Yes. Yes, of course. Quickly, Stan, we must give it to everyone! 

Oh, I see. So when does the game start?

I would like to take this opportunity to explain why farts are funny and queefs are not. Men have always joked about farts and we in fact name our farts. We have The Squeaker  And then there's The Foghorn  and the "Don't be scared"  and of course there's the-

Well, no, because you're a family. You just can't leave family; you have to stick with family, no matter what.

Christmas is coming, the goose is getting fat.  Please to put a penny in the old man's-

I don't know, but I suddenly kinda wanna own them all.

Aw, Sharon, don't be upset. The doctor made you a souvenir. 

Yes, I- Oh my God, it's Bobby Flay! Stan, that's Bobby Flay!

D'augh. Do you remember the night after we saw "Wicked"?

No, you just don't understand Tween Wave 'cause you're old! 

Stan? Grandma said she poked you and you haven't sent a poke back.

Boys, it's really neat that you want to see your old pal Kenny so much but...

Hello, Mr. bin Laden. My name is Randy, and I'm a geologist in America. I know that America isn't your favorite place in the world, but gosh darn it, we need your help. As you may know, we are trying to stop our entire country from becoming New Jersey. I believe that if we do not succeed, Jersey will spread to Japan, Russia, and eventually, to you. I know you have seen countless horrors in your lifetime, Mr. bin Laden, and that you have witnesses the very worst of mankind. Well, now I ask you to watch this. 

Crème fraîche. Crème fraîche.  Where is it?! Where is it?!  Dammit, where is that crème fraîche?!  Where did I leave that fucking crème fraîche?! It has to be somewhere!

We're back, we're back, we're back back back!
America is back!

Just gonna get a little bit of cancer, Stan. Tell Mom it's okay. 

Great job, son. Now the Japanese are normal, like us.

Guys, forget it! It's over! It was a fluke crap; I'll never take one that big again!

Come on, we've got to board up that last window! Seal off all the doorways! We must try to protect ourselves from the global warming.

Hi, uh, my name is Randy Marsh. I'm I'm Stan Marsh's father.

Hey Stan, have you seen my- Oh my God it's Gordon Ramsay!  Stan! Do you know who that is in there?! That's the Gordon Ramsay!

Stanley, listen to me. I have SARS. There's only a ninety-eight percent chance that I will live.

Think about it, brah. How hard can writing a musical be? We need some musicians, some actors. We can put on our own shows right here in town.

Nelson, do you know where we are? Where did they take us?

What? Yo-you got served and just stood there and took it?

Hey, Sh- Sharon? Ha- have you seen Stan in the last couple... days?

Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. I am Lorde, yeah yeah yeah. Lorde, Lorde. Call me Lorde yeah yeah yeah. Yeah yeah yeah.

The guys at the office told me I had to rent this porno. They said, "this is without a doubt the hottest porno ever made." 

Ohhh, so have you decided you can still belong to the Super Adventure Club but live here in South Park again?

Dad's always had a gambling problem. He's got total addiction tendencies. Could he have somehow... passed those demons down to Stan?

...Oh okay.  So I'm, m not your friend then?

And after "Lion King" in New York? "Godspell"? "Mamma Mia"?

...I was... I was 18 when my high-school men's choir performed at the grand opening of a sporting-goods store in Denver.  I was just one of fifteen members and I had no idea that a record producer was in the audience. 

Oh yeah, I'm just the guy who invented sarcastaball! There's no way I'd know how to coach it!

Get out of my room! I'm listening to my music! Gau!

You just stay put, son! I'm coming for you! Do you hear me?? I'm coming for you!! 

Stan, get off the damned phone! People are gonna start callin' to reserve movies! Gau! 

Sorry pal, but Obama's President now!  Obama! Obama! 

There are these ginger fundamentalists saying that if we don't give Muhammad to them, they are going to bomb us.

Yeah, somebody better break the news to Norway; they were really close.

The spirit of middle-class white people is strong in you, son. Seek out the wise man in Bellocreek. Now go. GO! 

Oh God!  Chicken nuggets - breaded! Frozen burritos - flour! Ice cream! What about ice cream?!

Yeah yeah, flip the... Flip the cop car! Flip the cop car! 

Stan, did you use all the damned toilet paper agai-?  Aw crap!  What?! What do you guys want?! We said we only used what was in the kit! You got nothin' on us! You got nothin' on us!

Listen, Stan. SARS is destroying our people. The Native Americans put it in the blankets they gave us.  Soon there will be only ninety-eight percent of us left. 

Stan, just because I make a good living with my music doesn't mean you can go blow it all on Canadough!

Oh man. This Rainy Day Woman is the bomb. You guys don't know what you're missing.

Well, it looks like we've dodged a bullet.

You guys wanna put some money on it? 

A girl at school, she... queefed on one of Stan's friends today. 

All right, boys, I know it's Halloween, but you can't summon dead rappers in the mirror.

Oh no it wasn't me, it was this spooky ghost! 

If all your friends jumped off a cliff,  would you do that too?

Well, I'm sorry if there's something wrong with me helping out with the cooking!  I'd think you'd be grateful, Sharon! I gotta get to work. I cooked, so you guys clean up. 

Well, come on everybody. I'm sure Chef would like a little time to get moved back in.

Hi babe. Sorry, I'm...  kind of hanging out with the guys.

Sharon, you're gonna be really glad we have all this footage of the family someday. 

We're doing the only thing we can do. If our government is just gonna let anybody into our time who wants to come, then we have to take matters into our own hands.  We're trying to turn everyone gay so that there are no future humans! Present-day America Number One!

I am not chugging beer!  I'm sampling a flight of gluten-free German lagers with a French wine pairing! It's called a smorgaswein, and it's elegantly cultural! 

Get inside! Get inside!  Seniors' meeting getting out! Get off the streets! 

The boys have the hottest porno ever made.

Ooof. There! I did it, see?! No problem!

Could you um, pass the potatoes, Stan?  Great, thanks.  Well, nobody's talking. Does anyone have anything to talk about?

Nobody's this stupid!  What are you people planning?!

The boys must've come and saw what it was and... then taken it away somewhere.

Hey I'm trying to teach my son the importance of savings. You already lost his money?

Tom Cruise won't come out of the closet.

Yeah, Stan, why don't you go upstairs and play with yourself?

Well don't you see what this means? It's been 22.3 years, so... AIDS is finally funny!

I'm not drinking and driving, I'm driving while I'm drinking. Right, boys?

Stanley. Did you have an inward journey with the old man? Did you have a vision??

All right you guys, we've gotta get rid of Finland.

There's Sharon and Shelly. They're watching some television. Wave to the camera, Shelly.  What are you watching, guys?

Who do you think?! The cartoon that's always pushing buttons with their careless toilet humor! Family Guy!

I heard people saying you all were from Illinois.

No! Agh, look, I, I think maybe this has gone on far enough.

Come on everybody. Let's work on that kickoff change and get back to some football. 

Yeah, sure, 'cause...  people just order stuff from Amazon and... forget what they got. 

I'd love to. I'm not an old fuddy-duddy, Sharon. I'm still cool. 

Well, I think he learned his lesson. Huh? Don't you feel silly now, Dad? I think somebody owes us all an apology. Yes he does.

We have become lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of the Economy! There are those who will say that the Economy has forsaken us! Nay! You have forsaken the Economy!! And now you know the Economy's wrath! O thoust can shop at a sporting goods store, but knowest thou that the Economy will take away thy Broncos' cap from thine head!  Mock the Economy without fear! Thine own stockbrokers... now lie dead by their own hand and thou knowest that thy stockbrokers did not fear the Economy! Well here we are, my friends! You have brought the Economy's vengeance upon yourselves!

You aren't a member yet. You can't know where our secret meetings take place. We're going to a distant location, an old building near a lake about 40 minutes away.

You think the school mascot should be a turd sandwich? Well you're not exactly Einstein!

Yeah. I guess I still got it in me a little.

You do not say "Big silly goose"! You call him an asshole like a normal kid!

I dunno, it was going so fast I couldn't see it.  But I want one.

This is for what?! Arresting me for what?! I'm not allowed to stand up for myself?! I thought this was America! Huh?! Isn't this America?! I'm sorry, I thought this was America! 

...Oh I gotta pee. Hand me that empty bottle, Stan.

Shelley? Um, I'm Lorde.  All the music you've really been into has been me. Nobody in the family knew except for your mother. And your brother, and your grandpa. But Michael Jackson's hologram is here and we're going to set the record straight, Okay? Love you. Whew, that was hard.

We're in the  grocery store now. Some of the survivors here uh.

It's time to put an end to Broadway once and for all! 

Whoa, boy, did you hear about that fire downtown, Sharon?

They're only taking the small menial jobs that nobody else really wants to do.

Please, Governor. You have to send your troops to join us in this fight. We're just a small town. We can't stop New Jersey on our own.

I'm not having a glass of wine, I'm having six!  It's called a tasting, and it's classy!

A startup company? A company that does what?

Stan, you can't put your family through this again! Whatever your reasons are!

Aw, you people have me on camera now?

The little boy combusted because he had a new girlfriend. It wasn't the girl that caused him to combust, it was the fact that Kenny did not want to pass gas in front of her.  You see, as food is digested the natural processes give off a byproduct known as methane gas.  The methane gathers here in the bowel area , where it causes pressure. Normally a person would expel this byproduct in the form of a pleasant fart.  Should the gas not be expelled,  the methane can build up and then ignite,  leading to... disaster.  Kenny combusted because he held his farts in for too long.

This bargain is too great for me! I'm gonna have to buy these! Here! Take the keys and go on!  The television department is near the back! Next to the cell phones! Go! Hurry! I'm gonna go buy these screwdrivers! 

I always knew this day would come, when my son would be brought into the society. Reminds me of the day I was brought in by my father.

Yeah, lookin' good, guys! Let's kick some butt! 

It looks like she had a heart attack.

Oh hahahaha, I get it. Blockbuster is so out of date it's ancient. Haha Sharon, okay I get it.

All right, all right. Here's Sharon and Shelly on the roof of Best Buy. We, we run up here to get off the streets. We found the Stotch family hiding up here also. There's Chris and Linda, and their son Butters.

Yes, kids.  With us, now come. Home. Hoomme. 

Stan, listen to me. I don't want you feeling like you have to do that competition now to avenge me.

Oh, now I feel bad.  Here!  Ahh!  Hahh!  Nono, that was really all the change I had.

I, I, thought you were at the grocery store. 

No time! Just take it! Here!  ...How, how do you hand something from one player to another?

Well, those God-damned tobacco companies aren't gonna have control over MY kid! I say we bring them down!

Yeah, I'd like to talk about this genius new rule in the football program about no kickoffs?

How could he possibly know all that unless... he is our son from the future.

Aw, you know, I can't really sleep. I'm just gonna stay up a bit and have some me time.

Where did you get that kind of money??

Well- uh, I feel like everything I do is wrong, it doesn't matter what I say.

MEMEME. I wanna kiss it! I wanna kiss it!

Oh hey Sharon. You're up, huh? I uh... alright, look: I took a temp job at the mall. I just wanted to make some extra holiday cash.

You are not gonna be in a boy band, Stanley! AND THAT IS FINAL! 

Wait here a minute, Stan, I'm gonna call your mother. 

WHAT?? STAN'S IN THE RED ROBIN WEDDING TOO?? OH GOD, I REALLY CARE ABOUT HIM!

...Uh. That's r-. That's right!  Oh, oh my God! Hey everybody, we just made first contact!

All right, here we are. Marsh family gathered for another dinner. 

Yeah, I'm...  I'm good!  Feel a lot better.

There's a policeman being held captive in our basement.

It's the pee!  It's all pee, and nobody can go in or out!

We don't have Muhammad. We aren't sure where he is.

They made a hologram of me, Sharon! They don't care about the music! They're REPLACING us!

Oh God, here it comes!  Ohhh hot hot hot hot! HOTTT hot hot hot hot hot! Hot! Hot!  Ho-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-ot 

She started in the car, and then it lasted the whole drive home, and then, she kept going for like another twenty minutes.

You heard what he said!  The higher power didn't cure me! I'm powerless again!

Oh, I'm sure he's made it somewhere safe by now. 

He... he lost his house to the Native Americans.

He's right, Sharon. We don't have to believe every word of the Bible. They're just stories to help us to live by. We shouldn't toss away the lessons of the Bible just because some assholes in Italy screwed it up.

Oh, isn't that hot, guys? Ohgh, yeah. Don't you wanna just... Don't you wanna just get in there and...  Wwrrmmmm! Mmmh!

It's not fun! You two have demons you're trying to compensate for!

Oh, what the hell are they doing now?!

Okay, hold on! A, I don't have a clit, so technically, I wasn't rubbing anything! And B, I didn't want to even perform tonight, but Stanley gave all our money to Canada through a freemium game, so if anyone rubbed their clit, it was him! 

Ow! Hey, what the hell are you doing? You can't do that! Ah-ow! Ah-ow! Ow!

Not one more good person dies on my watch! 

No, r-tard, it's an MMORPG. These are real people I'm playing with. See, I'm a hunter, level 2.  I can chat with all these other people. I can even wave to this guy, see?  "Hello."  In the outside world, I'm a simple geologist, but in here...I am Falcorn, Defender of the Alliance. I've braved the Fargodeep mine and defeated the Bloodfish at Jarod's Landing. 

Uh, you you shouldn't drink, because it leads to uh bad things. I was in jail for the night and well I guess I donno, I... Just don't drink but,... if you must drink, d-definitely don't drive. I've... definitely learned that firsthand, and uh, uuh, that's all, I guess.

You've been on your computer all weekend. Shouldn't you go out and socialize with your friends?

Stan? Why won't you be friends with Grandma?

If you are here for Black Friday, you cannot be on mall property until midnight on Thanksgiving.

No! Jimbo has to see it so when I tell the guys how big it was, they'll know I'm not lying!

Do you know what you've done to your grandson? You've infected him with your bullshit!

All right, a hand for Detective Harris!  You know, if there's one thing I could leave you all with, it's this. Let cock magic be done by the professionals.  Sir? 

No. I've got it all figured out, son. You have to kill the alien.

Stan, those people drink. I have new friends now. My AA friends, who have faith in a higher power.

Uh..  Look, it was fake in the future, too. 

Because I'm unhappy, okay?! I've been unhappy for a long time! 

Aw yeah. Shallots won't overwhelm the chicken's natural flavors. Fuck yeah.

Boy oh boy. I think we might have screwed up royal, Stan. 

Well? Gave it my best shot. Least we had a fun trip, huh, gang?

And what if they do make it, Sharon? What if they do make it? Are you gonna be the one to tell 'im?! 

Well, you were right, Sharon. The best way to make our kids not like something is to like it ourselves.

All right, that does it. From now on, our family is Mormon!

Wait, that's it. A wall. We could build a huge city wall all around South Park so that we have complete control over who comes in.

Please, girlfriend. You look like some kind of Little Orphan Annie nightmare.

What?! Why the hell would you do that?!

THEY'VE GOT STAN! JUST STAY HERE WITH MICHAEL JACKSON!  SHIT!! 

...Well that sucks!  Well so doctor, how do most people get cancer?

Can you believe those hick sons of bitches? Manipulating those kids to be on their side.

Wulll, ssso that the Easter bunny can hide them.

Your mother's been worried sick, and I've been watching TV!

Go ahead! All you want, bro! All you want! It was a great idea, but no! Everyone just wants to prove that Rrrandy's gone crazy!  "Oh don't mind Randy, he's just losing his mind!"  Drrrr! You know what? Fuck you and Emily!

Oh come on! You can't block your parents from watching informative murder porn! What? You, you think if we watch shows about married people killing each other all the time we're gonna go out and do it?! That's stupid!  I'm not gonna go out and kill your mom just because I watch Investigate Discovery, Stan! It'd be impossible to clear away all the DNA evidence anyway! Even if I hired someone else to kill her, I'd have to kill that person too, because 96% of the time that person eventually tells the truth! I thought this through a lot!  Stan?  You're a lousy kid! I wish Jaden Smith was my son! 

Thank you! Thanks a lot! This is for all the royals out there!  Lorde Looorde. I'm Lorde, ya ya ya-a-a. Sittin' on the toilet thinkin' 'bout how I'm not as rich as other people, ya ya ya.  Yaa ya ya ya, I'll never be, I'll never by royalty. Ya ya ya. But that'd be nice 'cause that'd be a nice fantaasy.  Women's bathrooms smell so nice, ya ya ya. Ya ya ya.  And we'll never be- Lorde Lorde Lor- Lorde flushing- Lordy Lordy Lorde. Lor-uh, okay, uh.  Oh God. Sorry.  Uh hold on. Hang on, uh. 

So that's it.  I should just go home and forget about what this sport has done to me. Let thousands of people play sarcastaball and get hurt too! 

Come on, fellas! Out of the malls and into the streets!

I know you all hate me, but please, for your own sake, fart in moderation. You can keep stoning me now, if you want.  Ow.

You kind of seem shitty to me too.

People are going to do it, Sharon. And it's up to the professionals to make sure it's handled the right way. Hoh!  Oh my gosh! 

Okay... Okay, hang on... Okay...  Okay, hang, ha-, ...hang on... Hol-! Hold on.  Wa-hang on, hang on. 

We came all the way to Las Vegas for this?!

Oh my God, well how is he doing? Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure. Huh okay, well thank you for telling me, Mr. Stotch, I'll spread the word. Yoeah, you take care. Bye.  We need to cancel our plans, Sharon. There's gonna be an emergency all-parent meeting at the school tonight. 

Do you think I'm crazy for buying Blockbuster?! I'll make you pay! Alluh! All!  I got a little somethin' for all of you!  Run! You'd better run!

How about we call this the rational side of town, and that the redneck side?!

I suspect you're talking about the dramatic heat wave.

It's okay, Shelly. Daddy's gonna turn on night vision.  There. There. Okay. Gaaah! 

Oh, you're all not getting it! See, while we're at it, we'll have a balloon instead of a ball, and whoever catches the balloon tries to run while all the other players hug!

So you worked here last winter? You worked on Black Friday? 

Oh!  Ugh, God damn it! Obama said things would be different! That sonofabitch lied to us! I knew I should have voted for McCain! 

Okay I'd like a B, an N, and a G.

Shelly, I'm sorry your little friend was killed by Spider-Man tonight. Just know that... for Spider-Man to do what he did, he must have had a very good reason. Spider-Man works in mysterious ways, Shelly. And wherever he is, he loves you. 

I've got the video camera. Got it turned on again.  Okay. This is... Randy Marsh... I'm shooting this video of myself. Twenty minutes ago some... huge creatures attacked our town... Still chaos out the window...  I barely made it back to the house. Sharon is here with me,  and there's Shelly.  Wave to the camera, Shelly.

No, I mean... Odds are, they nuked themselves. You know, suicide.

Alright gingers, we have Muhammad for you, now hand over the detonators. 

Oh Jesus, a broken glass! Well, I don't see any choice now! We have to go to Wall-Mart!

It's saying stupid things like that that made Jesus wanna put a rabbit in charge.

No, I was just uh, looking at all these great things I can't afford, heh.

Oh yeah!  Three of the best shows in a row!

Really? Oh my Gaw!  Take a break, guys. this could be it!

But I wore that wristband everywhere, and the guy's a complete phoney!  There's even more coming out about it today.

Hey look, Sharon, it's the President! He-hey Sharon!

Yeah, think about it. If I go there now, there won't be anybody else there.  I can all the bargains to myself! 

I, I can't follow this shitty storyline at all.

I can't sleep, Sharon! I'm in work mode!

Stanley, it's just that there's better things you could be doing on a Saturday than singing and dancing. You could be watching TV or, laying in bed.

Oh, yeah. Testicular cancer. Here, here, you want some? Oh wait, you're healthy! Hey bust his ass, officer! 

Don't be a fag!  Come on! We can make it!  We have to try!

Sometimes, yes, but senior citizens have to be dealt with very gingerly, Stan. We can't just take their licenses away.

Oh! Are you happy now, Stan? You just got yourself suspended!

Can't you see that if we fall to New Jersey, California is next?

No, Stan, you don't understand. There's a church in Bailey. The statue of the Virgin Mary is bleeding out her ass.

Well, it seems like the Super Adventure Club was just what you needed, Chef. You must be feeling very happy that you found a club to belong to with new friends, but that you can also live here in South Park with all your old friends whom you care for deeply.  Right?

Yeah. I don't understand you at all. A lot you know. 

No, sarcastaball has nothing to do with it. I just... I just really enjoy being sarcastic and so I must be finding an excuse.

That's why I gotta make sure to keep it safe. 

You just don't get it, Stotch! I'm telling you, go see Wicked! It's the best time!

$26,000??? Do you know how many songs I have to write to make back that much money?!

Get off the streets! Get off the streets! Old people are driving!  Gerald! Where are the boys?!

If Saddam is building weapons, we have to stop him. With our weapons. 

No, screw that! We'll just pool our money together and buy the town ourselves! 

This is important, Stanley!  You boys should care about this stuff.

Then what am I supposed to do?! Run?

You, you never have a homosexual fantasy? Not that I have.

Eric, you were right. About the hippies. Could you... get rid of them for us now?

No. It means we get to, son. It means... we get to. 

I don't know if I've changed or you have. I just feel like I might not have a whole lot of time left and... I want to enjoy it.

I had everything. A huge house,  and all the women you can imagine.  And then one day, just as quick as it started...

Yeah, well, maybe we should- ...wait. Twenty-six thousand dollars??

Oh, I'm so horny, yeah! Ooo, fuck, my clit's so big! Oooo! 

Oh. Oh I get it!  Video stores are so old they have ghosts in them! Okay, thanks! I get it! But you're wrong!

Well sooo... are you gonna add me as a friend?

Get your own medicinal marijuana cards! You've all got perfectly good microwaves at home! Look, I'm telling you guys, it's awesome. I can have all the pot I want, I get around faster than walking, and, wherever I need a seat, I can just sit on my balls. And let me tell you something else.  Chicks... love 'em.

Ohhh, that's dumb. Okay. Okay, I'll be I'll be right back! 

You think you're gonna get a good product when I can't even think?!

Boys, I don't want you hanging out with that ex vice-president anymore, okay?

I don't know! And even if I did know... well, I'd probably tell you because I don't wanna be here anymore.

I'm sorry, Stan. I'm sorry your gay little song killed your friend.

You monster! You have no right to wear that hat!

Stanley, I think its best you live with Kyle from now on. His dad is better than me.

To be honest, I'm just here for the blowjob. From what I heard I figured the show must be really sexy and hot, but... I just don't see it happening.

Yeah, but I guess it's just a dumb little race like you said, huh Sharon?

Awww, how am I supposed to see Internet porn that way? 

I've studied musicals! I've seen them all! I could do this!  Let's bro down! 

I didn't want you to know. Because now I'm a joke. Ever since then, I've wished every single day that I could go back to that moment when I was offered the job and say, "No!" Because all the fame and the money, the women... All it did was build me up, so that I could be knocked down harder than anybody in the world.  That is what being in a boy band is all about, Stanley.  It's people smothering you and embracing you and loving you and then spitting you out and throwing you away like you were last night's pork chops. Now we wander the Earth in disarray—us, New Kids on the Block, the Osmonds... We're all the same. And that... is why you can't go to the mall. 

Stanley, I'm so proud of you. You've learned so very much this Easter.

Yeah, it's me. I need to fix this. How can I undo the clit-rubbing?

Well, we CAN'T leave you alone because YOU won't come out of the closet!

We're angry about this stupid liberal government and fascist lies, media- control, and the-

They said that after all the money we had made we were in debt to the studio, so they towed my car...

Who who did you hear is, is gay?!

No, I think I'll uh, ...just hang out a little longer.  I'll get it. 

No, that's crap, Sharon. Stanley, when somebody challenges you to dance, you have to dance back at them, or else they'll think you're weak.

How did you get rid of him?  How did you get rid of the milkman?

Oh boy, now that we're atheists we don't have to pray for our food.

Broadway shows' sole purpose is to make women famished for blowjobs! I'm so sorry Sharon.

Sharon, the water park had a pee meltdown! They think a lot of people have died.

No! Not Papa John's.  I don't wanna go to Papa John's!  YOU CAN'T MAKE ME GO TO PAPA JOOOHN'S!!

You don't understand.  I need the Internet to jack off. I... got used to being able to see anything at the click of a button, you know? Once you jack off to Japanese girls puking in each other's mouths you can't exactly go back to Playboy!

We can stand here as long as it takes. 

I'll try, but I don't think-  wait wait wait wait a minute. I gotta call Jimbo first.

Yes! I totally mean it!  Help me, Sharon. Help me.

This is a call to all angry people! We've had enough! We're gonna hit the government where it hurts! Right in the Federal Express!

Uhh yes, hello. My name is Randy Marsh, and I believe I took the world's biggest crap. 

Th-that's not the same! We've got the Chinese Firecracker! 

Look, we don't want our son to join your group, okay?

...So. Here we are. Now we're the old people who think the younger generation's music sounds like shit.

Heh, heh, heh, he farted right on his head, heh heh, 

The songs were terrible. But believe it or not, the country ate them up. The next thing I knew, we were the biggest thing in the world. 

I mean, look guys, I know it's just the Dolphins, but Tebow is definitely our quarterback for the future. What do you think, Nelson?

I was gonna, but oh! This is fun!

The drill is getting too hot from all the hippies. 

Hey Stan, I was on my computer at work and saw that you have a Facebook page now?

When was the last time you had anything interesting to say? It's always gossip and stupid crap!

Hey, mister!! We're not like them, all right?!  Now, we may have pie in the sky dreams once in a while, but we aren't the ones kicking people out of their homes! So don't you compare us to those cold-hearted, money-grubbing, evil stinky Indians!  I'm sorry, Native Americans.

Look, uh, I actually came over because I'm a little concerned about some of the things you told my son.

Well all right! Good for you guys. Tell you what, I'll join you. Board games go good with a glass of wine. 

Stan, time to get up for school.  Stan? What the-?  Mr. Jefferson?!

I wish it was that simple, son. But if I don't give myself up to a higher power, this disease is going to kill me dead. I'm afraid the only thing that will cure me... is a miracle.

Alright, see you tomorrow!  Oh God, I gotta hurry! Caprica starts in five minutes!  Huh-oh Jesus!  Ugh, ohh.  Uhh, hey, can somebody..?  ...Rrrr. Ugh, I gotta get home.  Hey, hey, hey, this can work. This could... Hey, it's like a hoppity hop. Aaahah. Whoa-ho. 

Okay, I'll wake you up if we get our murder porn back.

Look, I, I really just need to cut down on my drinking and never drive the car drunk again.

Thanks for the news flash! I haven't taken a crap in over three weeks! The question is why?!

No! That is not the way we're remembering it!

This ends now. I'm gonna tell people the truth.

And that too! Stop talking with your eyes closed! That's what smug people do!

I could die waiting in this line, Stan. Come on, let's go!  Heeey heh, Josh Garrett. How you doin'?

Stanley, your mother's a little freaked out right now. Why don't you go play with your big brown package from Afghanistan outside?

No, it's... alright, Sheila. The boys were just... building a ladder to heaven to see their old friend, Kenny.

They say her divine ass blood has miraculous healing power. She can cure my alcoholism! I'll be back soon!

People of South Park! We have all noticed a steep rise in everything Jersey lately. As many of you already know, everything east of the Rockies is now part of New Jersey! The Jersey Shore now includes Jacksonville, Miami, the Gulf of Jersey Mexico, and the Jersey Islands. 

Well, I think it's good.  If the Mexican people feel inspired, good for them. People have a right to go and be happy.  NOOOOOO!

Really?! Yuh, you mean, REALLY?!  Hey Stan! I uh- Hey Sharon! Hey everybody! 

Alright, Mr. Situation, we'll try this again! Why are you people doing this?!

Aw come on.  Just because you can't queef anymore...

That's our new housekeeper, Mrs.  Gruhd. She's gonna help around the house on Tuesdays and Thursdays.  And she'll do it for ten cents an hour.

There's a time in our lives when we must listen to the oppressed.

I can't tell you. You have to be allowed into the Society first, but... but perhaps... it's time.

Okay people, I know, I know. But he will get the other celebrities to withdraw their lawsuit if we just... get Muhammad to appear in South Park.

Wow, I'm gonna go buy that new sport coat I've been wanting. 

I can actually play a lot of these songs on a real guitar. You want me to teach you boys how?

Oh no you're not! Your gay little song got us to drive hybrids; you're gonna help us get rid of 'em!

How many uh, how many copies of Meet The Fockers do we have in stock, Shelly?

Oh no, China, we get to keep the ship. Because we killed the alien, you boner! Oh-oh come on England, you got just as much of the space cash as everyone else!  Oh crap it's the cops! Hang on.  Ah hey, space officers.

Get back inside. We have work to do. 

Here you go, Stanley. This should hold you over for three years.

We've done everything we can and yet the Economy has not improved. Worse, it has declined! Poor Bart here just lost his job at Little Caesar's Pizza. Our tireless work is obviously being undermined by this one Jew. Why does he go around pretending to know the true will of the Economy?

All right. And if you two stop, then we won't have a problem anymore.  HM. Earthy, bold, hint of cherry aftertones. *uurp*

This is what I get! I drank from the lie that is Broadway and now it has my daughter!

We've got to get out of town. Go through that way. 

It didn't mean anything to me, Gerry!  All we did was watch each other masturbate in the hot tub! 

Can you believe it, Stan? State Championship game. It's... the greatest thing ever.

Well, I think you boys are very smart for your age. Come on. I'll buy you all an orange smoothie. 

Right, it's doing something to my brain! And now I can't stop being sarcastic!

Well, it's not like it's vulgar or violent.

Hey, Sharon? Maybe you should stop watchin' the news for a little bit?  Shu-Sharon, you've been watching CNN for about ah... eight weeks now. Don't you wanna watch somethin' else?  Shu-Shu-Sharon? 

Well, it has to be off, or your Aunt Flo will complain about wasting electricity.

Waaarg! Look at the people watching movies on their Xbox. Haarrrr!

Well, our boys do seem to be spending a lot of time together lately. I think ever since their friend Kenny died they've been looking for someone to fill the void.

Yes. And now seeing how early they get up, I don't see how anyone can stop them. Wait a minute. You boys! You get up almost as early as they do! You can fight them!

Oh no, fuck that. I'm gonna go to sleep, babe. Here, do you need some money or anything?

You're not rock stars! This is just a stupid plastic controller! 

Yeah, sorry, false alarm. Pass phrase is tickle me homo.  It's a joke.

The question is, how do we send a message to other girls in the school so this doesn't happen again! 

Well, uh I don't study human biology, I study the earth.

Awgh, I can't drink anymore of that stuff.

We heard that... you're willing to teach Minecraft to adults?

Uh, we just came to support you. We love Chinpokomon, too. It's super toy, number 1!

NOO! NOOO I SAID! I AM YOUR FATHER! PUT IT BACK ON!

Here, see? Here look, look real close at the axles here.  Yeahaah! Ahalright, you got him son!

Ssh-shouldn't you be hangin' out with your wife right now?

Hey, the right paint job is a big part of what makes a Pinewood Derby car go fast!

Alright now, for my baked ziti we are gonna start off by getting some extra-virgin olive oil into the pan.  Oh yeah, get that all over there. It's all slick. ...It's all wet and slick. Oh...

That'll teach us for taking an old lady and her granddaughters out of the cold.

No, no. We shouldn't bomb anybody. These boys are right. The only heaven we can hope for is one here on earth, now. We should stop waiting to get into heaven and start trying to... create it.

Please, understand that we have no choice here Mr. Cruise.

And so it is my honor to announce today the Randy Marsh African-American Scholarship Foundation.  It is my hope that this foundation will prove my commitment to the education of African-American students and erase once and for all my identity as the "nigger" guy.  You really... you really don't know how hard it is to be constantly reminded of something lame that happened in your past. I mean I... just wanna move on from what happened on "Wheel of Fortune", you know and... and when people call me... "nigger guy"... they're bringing up a painful chapter of my history and all the negativity that went along with it. You just... you can't imagine how that feels. 

Then we'll do it together. I love children just as much as you do.

I don't know. I need to get on Web MD and see why I have this cough, but I can't. 

You said the N-word to a black man's face! That's way worse than what I did!

Stan, Jesus doesn't matter when Muhammad is involved. 

Now let's see some bestiality.  Aahahaha, yes! Ogh!  Let's get some Brazilian fart porn in there!  Oh that's good eh! Oh!  Ohhhhhhhhh! Hoh! Hohhh! 

They've tried to stop them, son, but... the seniors get up so early in the morning they... get everything done before everyone else is even awake!

Oh, ah, I believe we have that over in the uh-

Because Family Guy doesn't care who they insult! They only care about their... precious money!

Get in the car, Stan! We're going home!

No, I was lying to you! I took this job... to be at the front of the line on Black Friday.

Yeah, I think we've just gotta live with the TSA. 

Autotune. Wanna see how I do it?  I come up with all my best stuff in the bathroom at work. I use this program to import the recordings I make on my phone.  "Yeah yeah, feeling good on a Wednesday. Sparklinnnnn' thoughts. Givin' me the hope to go ohhhn"  "Oh! Whoa. What I need now is a little bit of shelter."

Television department... All right, come on, let's go!  Oh my God!

It's just so... wrong! For men to m- manipulate women like that! I don't care how much singing and dancing there is, a woman's mouth is sacred! Tomorrow I am calling Woman's Day magazine, and exposing the whole conspiracy!  I'm sorry, Sharon. I love you.  I shouldn't have tried to brainwash you. You have every right to be mad.

The guy behind him is blind! There he goes! C'mon! C'mon! Go go go! 

It's alright, I just want you to look at me when we make love and not just at my balls. I'll be home soon, babe. 

No, we don't want the super-secret fun prize alright?! We just wanna ski! Come on, everybody! 

Thanks. But it gets even better when I add the drum loops.  Then with the computer I can actually quantize everything.  Backup instruments.  And then finally I use the Autotune.  "Sparklin' thoughts, feelin' good on a Wednesday. Givin' me the hope, givin' givin' me the hope to go ohhhn. What I need is a little bit of shelter."  Stan?

Well, there he is. Where have you been all afternoon.

Because you're being grounded, Stanley! Now I don't wanna hear another word out of your intolerant mouth!  You just sit right there, Stanley, and you thnk about what you've done! 

Senators, I've learned to admit that I'm capable of having- slightly racist thoughts once in a while. Can anybody say they never do? How long will it be before you are all called "nigger guys"? 

No, it's... I mean, the whole part about Amsterdam, wow!

I can't make it, boys! You're gonna have to go on without me!

Stan! Stan! Oh. Okay, uh, you you might be wondering why Butters has a future self, too.

Huhuh. Oh nice one, Stotch! Your castle fuckin' sucks!

Oh yeah. Like that weird guy over on on Burgess Road. That guy, Mr. Yelman. He's been hoarding animals for years now.

Look, we're all here because what happened to Laura could happen to any of us. There's nobody regulating these drones and if we don't do something now, we're gonna be up to our navels with bush.  Oh um, up to our necks in trouble. Sorry. 

I- know 'cause I don't know that! That's what I'm saying! Gaw! 

Oh! Ah I will! I'm really down with  African-Americans.

I got plane tickets and a hotel room! We leave in three hours!

That's right. It's something adults can do with really good friends in a comfortable setting.

It's the best say, Stanley. Did you eat your Fruit Roll-Up?

Alright, fine, look: there's plenty of space cash to go around!  Thanks to us, our planet is rich, son! 

Oh I'm sorry! Why don'tcha get 'im on chars in America, I'm sorry!

Stanley, there's no time for your immaturity! Do it!  All right Sharon, now do me. 

Ya know, that word's kind of getting old. It's not really... funny anymore.

Who says that school cafeteria food can't be healthy, delicious, and gourmet? Today we're gonna be making the students my tasty baked ziti with basil and fresh  mozzarella. It's all right here right now on Cafeteria Fraîche.

You're welcome.  And I just,.. I know that this late in my life I'll never come so close to finally having ...meaning.

But that's... impossible. Why would he do this?

Aw I'm surprised at you, Stanley. I really thought you knew how to accept people for what they were.

I'm sorry, Sharon. Sorry that I let you down. Sorry I can't crap like Bono.

I'm flying free with my beautiful butterfly wings!

Stan! I've been sent here...to bring you this.  This sword can completely drain his mana.

If I was there I would. I'd take some... red wine... 'bout a quarter-cup, and then... a wooden spoon... and I'd deglaze the fuck out of that pan.

I say...  Let's give Bono a run for his money!  Yeah!!  YYEEAAHHHH!

Oh, uuhh, look, Chef, you know I'm-m not a racist, but uh, I just don't really feel strongly one way or another about the flag.

I know! Are we watching at your house?!

They don't care about us. face it! We're already dead to them. 

Hey, you kids lookin' to rent some DVDs?

Too late for me, son! I have to buy this stuff!

It stopped being funny the second that air came out her vagina, Sharon! 

Oh, and then we'd miss out on all the fun! 

Don't you worry. I'm sure that Stan and all the other kids are somewhere safe, off in a whole new city by now, making a new life for themselves.

Whoa, that startled me! That was really startling!

We scared him! We thought that'd be enough!

Look, I get what you're trying to do. You're trying to get me to realize that I have to fight him because it's who I am.

No, Stan, you don't understand. I have a disease. Daddy's very sick.

Wahhh! I don't have any more change!  Noo! I don't have any change! I don't have any chaaange! 

"It was a warm summer morning when Scrotie McBoogerballs awoke to find hi-" Ew, Sharon, gross!

Well, Dad, it was really great seeing you. We'd love to stay for dinner, but the food here gives Sharon diarrhea.

No, Stan, I'm afraid us adults just let you children down. We didn't take care of our earth, and now you've inherited our problems.

AAAHHH! Oh my God! Look!  What? His hand did disappear! He is you from the future!

The winds of change are blowin'.
There's excitement in the air.
Can you feel it? It's electric and magical.
The happy train's on track.
'Cause America is BACK!
Woohoo! Come on!

How did I manage to raise such a smart kid?

They've worked really hard to get here, Chris, and, you know, I don't like to really "trash-talk," but, I don't think Denver has a chance.

Oh... Well... Son, we've just been trying to make sure you know how dangerous drugs like pot are.

They shouldn't rehash dead people. It's so wrong.

We're sorry, but it seems our Main Street is dying and good people are losing their jobs. We'd all like you... out of South Park.

We must all wear sheets instead of buying clothes that need detergent! Instead of cars that take gasoline we can... get around on llamas from Drake's farm! Instead of video games that take batteries and software, our kids will play with squirrels! We must let the Economy know that we are capable of respecting it! No more needless spending!  The Economy is our shepherd. We shall not want. 

Feeling warmth is a symptom of the last stages of hypothermia!

Help me unload the c-car. Help me unload, load the car. Yah yah yah. Unloadin'. Unload yah yah yah.

Well Stan, the Japanese just... don't really like dolphins very much. Certainly not as much as us normal people do. But hey, at least you still got your T-shirt!   And you always have your neat picture. 

Wait wait. I learned some Mongolian in college.  Ah, let's see. Uh. K-kids, uh, Bi kute. Bi salnek kute. Uh-d tah tasobarro.

Will you stop it?! I don't... I just...

Uh, but our kids have Attention Deficit Disorder, Chef. They can't pay attention in school without it.

Oh boy.  Mr. Cruise, you can't just stay in the closet, alright? You need to come out.

He's right. The strength of this country is the ability to do one thing and say another.

Hey, did you see Principal Victoria in there? She looks hot.

Two hundred and forty dollars?! What'd you do, break something?!

Sharon, did you know this guy Joseph Smith found a new testament to the Bible buried here in America?

I just wanted to wait until the deal was all finished. We are going into business for ourselves! You are all looking at the new owner of Blockbuster Video! 

Well, I think this has been a real learning experience for the Marsh family. People died, but we all grew a bit. Let's just go home.

You just don't go around changing math! Who the hell is this chick surgeon general appointed by Obama?!

What, is this a Communist country or something?! I thought this was America!

My friends, the time is almost here. Let us face these shoppers with the bravery of those mall security officers before us.  Commander Marsh. ... They're what? ... They're gonna what?!

Yeah, listen. I don't know if I can keep doing this. My wife is starting to suspect something. I just had to tell her I like the way fishnets feel.

Hey, if you boys are building a clubhouse you should start with the floor.

Yeah! Yeah, it's true! I thought it would be exciting, and maybe it was, but I can't deal with your accusing stares!  We watched each other jack off in the hot tub! There! We did it! I'm not proud of it, but there it is!

Yes, they made a copy of me and they don't want me around anymore. They're about to do something big, and they need famous artists to be controlled for it.

Sorry, nobody in the world has seen anything. Uh... what did this... criminal alien do, exactly?

Oh... Yeah, Mexico. You know oh, oh, yeah. All of us other countries chipped in and uh, gave Mexico some aid. Yeah they really needed... some new water parks.

Stan. Stan!  How do you tame a horse in Minecraft?

Will you just relax, Finland?! Nobody is gonna find out anything.

In there, in there!  Oh God, oh God I'm so startled. Are you startled, Sharon?

Your ancestors put up a great wall that kept Mongolians out for thousands of years. We know you can do it for us.

My Internet's not working; I gotta use yours. An-and give Daddy some private time, will ya?

Uh, shit, I don't know, some green chick and a goat or something.

Senators, I know it is not normally considered "American" to ban words.  But there is one slur that has caused so much damage that we believe it should finally be made illegal. I'm talking, of course, about the term "nigger guy".

I'm standin' right here! How do you wanna handle it?

You're crazy!! A d-a douche is at least clean!

Let's see how the American government likes it when we shut down their Federal Express! 

I'm goin' in!  If they're locked into his regression, then maybe I can be too!

What the hell is that?  Who put that there?

That's good, Peyton, but we need to get better.

You can barely even tell you have one on.

Why yes, Stan. Captain Hindsight is our protector and guardian. We're just thankful he was there for that fire. And now we can all eat in peace. 

Can you believe him?! He knew how much he was spending! He knew he'd get in trouble, but it didn't matter!  I hate to say it, but this is a lot like his grandpa.

What the heck is this?  Yeah, Frank, it's uh Randy, Uh huh, good, good. Yeah, listen, the uh, the little needle's moving. Yeah, it's going back and forth really fast-what does that mean? … Uh huh … Uh huh … Let me check  Yeah, it's smoking. Uh huh. Oh really? Really? Oh my God! A volcano! 

Oh all right uh, I'd like to solve the puzzle!  Niggers!  Huh?  Ohhh...

Screw them! They'll have to fend for themselves! Wait. Red Robin Wedding? Who's getting married?!

Stanley, we don't have a choice. The Native Americans own South Park now. We have to take what they'll give us for our homes.

We think our boys might be showing other chiildren a, uh... pornographic tape.

Told ya. Kid's got demons. I don't do that. 

And then I had to drive to Walgreens, Barnes & Noble AND Ace Hardware. I tell you, having to go around and buy stuff again sucks.

I got a... really good shot of it, Sharon. 

Oh, right! I can't stop being sarcastic now!

You didn't know that was gonna happen, did you, Stanley? 

Why'd you take his pants off?  Sh-sharon, why'd you take his- pants off?

You can't just replace artists with holograms. Who will make the content?

Yeah, it's awesome to be on your show.

I don't have time! I'm cooking right now!

Stan?! Stan?! I need to get through, please! 

Hold on, hold on, I need to get a shot of it from outside. 

Stan? Stan! Get in the car, Stan! Your mom and I are movin' back in together!

Now olive oil does have a low smoke point, so keep that heat low, and keep it fraîche.  Ohhh, ohh that's so fuckin' hot. Look at that crust, it's perfect. Fuck yeah.

It's in God's hand now.  Stand aside, everyone! 

Come on, Stan, you're gonna have a great time.

Sharon, his character is going to die if we don't get to him!

Oh brother. Well, good job, dad! Look at you now!

Uhwhy do we want to all chaperone the dance?

We stay here through the night, wait it out to see if they do anything. If we're still alive in the morning,  then we'll know we're not dead.

Yeah, and maybe it won't! In the meantime I got a family who needs the Internet right away. We'll head out Californee Way and ... see what we can find.  Come on, let's go.

Oh okay. So we're, we're not friends, then?

Oho, he remembers. I'm sure it eats at him every single day.

I remember not too long ago we were just kids playing kissing games in my clubhouse.

You want me to kick your ass right here?! 

Hey! That's not what my music is about! I'm not reducing myself to that!

O-bama you're so fine, you're so fine you blow my mind. Hey Obama! Hey Obama! 

Okay, Stan, it's late, go up to your room and get ready for bed! Let Mommy and Daddy handle this. 

Agh, oh, okay. I'll ahh...  Let's see here uh...

No dude, fuck you! We're burnin' this shit!

We'll be upstairs if you need anything, Stan.

Hello students, my name is Dr. Marsh, and I'm gonna talk to you a little bit about what happened at the school yesterday. How do a man and a woman... make a baby? Anybody? A man and woman, what do they do to make a baby? How about the little girl in the brown coat? Yeah you.

We're not treating you like children, Dad. All right? Now I think you owe Mr. Police Officer an apology. Who needs to apologize, hm?  Who's the sorry-sorry?

Yes Stan, this is what people want! Don't worry, you look really cool. 

Looks like next harvest will be even better. 

No, they're... they're bros, Sharon. Stephen Sondheim, Elton John, Andrew Lloyd Webber... They're total bros who hang out at Hooters. Sharon, I'm so sorry.

It's just ridiculous to me that they didn't build fire escapes on those upper floors! Ridiculous!

Uh... I'm afraid we can't... well, we can't give Muhammad to you.

You heard me, you fuckin' piece of shit! I can finally tell you what I think o'you, fuckin' asshole!

The news says that at your age you aren't safe with us, son. You have to get out of here before we abduct you.

Oh yehhs yesyseyseyesyseyse Sharon, I don't know why or how, but people all over town are talking about it again. Now you know that I was one of the best back in college.

Mr. Cruise. My son is so, so sorry and he would do anything to take back his hurtful comments.

You go outside, and you'll die! By now, the global warming has... shifted the climate,  bringing on a new ice age. Within the hour, the temperature outside will fall to over 70 million degrees below zero!

Son. ...You have to learn how to lie correctly someday, might as well be today, alright? I love you, son. 

Uh I know, but I want to make love to you right now. I have to make love to you right now.

Boys, we are so sorry for doubting you. You really did bring us Muhammad.

Nono, I need everybody tonight!  It's our big night!

Well at least that part's like the Internet.

I'll get my old job back tomorrow. Cooking's dumb. I'm just... really sleepy.  Love you, Sharon. 

Stan, do you want to hear the great secret doctrine of life behind Scientology?

Hey, Stan, look at my new bumper sticker.  Isn't that cool?

Oh don't worry. I've taken care of everything! You're staying the weekend with the Feegans!

Have you forgotten what happened all those years ago? Or are you just trying to make up for it?

Well, I ran into Nelson from work. We were at the bar watching the game. Two-dollar margaritas! It was great. All right, come on, I'll drive you guys home. 

We're gonna head west. There's a rumor goin' around there might be some Internet out there. So we're headed out Californee Way.

You... understand if I'm a little wary of trusting you.

I love that lingerie.  Yeah. You like that?

Um...  Everyone who has a grandma, step forward.  Uh, not so fast, girls. 

Uhuh... Finally! I'm online again! Yeeheeyes!  Japanese girls puking each other's mouths. 

My colleagues in the scientific community are still running tests, but... we believe it may happen... the day after tomorrow. 

Yeah, me too. But she only visits your mom for five days or so. I'll be out sleeping on the couch. 

Keep the thermostat under 70, and take care of your grandfather. 

Ten thousand. I have to protect my talent.

We, we didn't listen!  Come on! Everyone grab what you can! We have to walk! 

Whoa, Mayor, you, uh, making gravy in there? Heh, heh, heh, heh.

The boys wanna see their dead friend Kenny again, Jimbo, so they're... building a ladder to heaven.

Don't worry, Mayor. I'll find the cause. Or else. Or else what? Exactly. 

Good idea!  No wait, we can't check Drudge Report: there's no Internet!

Can you believe it? Completely turnkey!  Yo got your sci-fi, comedies, buddy flicks, chick flicks, all on Blu-ray or DVD!  Well, what do you think?

And my calculations worked: the lava is following the trench into the canyon.

We haven't told you about it, Stanley, because we, we like to wait until kids are a little older to talk to them about things like condoms and ritualistic human sacrifice for harvest.

Well you boys are gonna sit and watch this! This is what really matters!

Look, if our kids can block content, then you must be able to block them!

I have a Warcraft character. I'm a newb, but I can log on and get the sword to Stan online.

Well, let's get back into the party and see what everyone is doing. 

Please. Do you know what's going on here? What are the producers trying to do?

Well? There she is.  It's a new beginning for us! 

Gaaah! Don't look! Don't look at its bargains! 

Winter is coming, Sharon, and I'm a sneaky little bee.  Bzzz bzzz. 

And so, by dividing the weight and the girth of the penis by the angle or the- what do we call it again? The yaw? The yaw of the shaft? What we finally get is the adjusted penis size, or, T.M.I. Any questions so far? Yes, little girl over there.

Yeah. 'Cause it turns out the kid we're after is my son.

He's right.  Boy, do I feel like a fool. 

There is no support! Every ally America ever had is...  Wait a minute.  Sometimes when a threat is great enough, you have to turn to your enemies for help.

I want to apologize deeply and sincerely for using the N-word on Wheel of Fortune. And I want to assure you that I am not a racist, Reverend Jackson. 

How do we get our runaway children back?

Yeah. I wanna see what you guys can do. And then we'll go buy you a small toy so that you can forget all about this.

Hey, uh, Sam, did you hear the news?

All right all right, here we go boys! Watch them on the kickoff, all right? Special teams are the most important plays.

Listen, listen everyone! Nobody can leave this building!

No, it's just... young and hip so you don't get it, Sharon.

Stanley, I want you to explain to me why you were passing notes in school.

What kind of hoarding specialist are you?! You trapped our son in his counselor's subconscious, and now you're saying he could die in there?!

They'll come!  Sooner or later! They'll have to come!

Ohhh boy. Looks like he's starting to notice breasts.

Will you just give us a minute?! Gau!!

No, I don't, Iggy. I just think that our younger girl fans need something a little more positive as role models.

Oh no, that's uh that's it. We're done. Uh here. Come, come take a look.

I know it but I don't think I should say it.

Oh, it's just nothing' to you, isn't it?!

You guys don't understand. We're doing a big Halloween promotion! I've put up flyers and I've got apple-bobbing  and candy corn . This is the night we turn it all around.

You said we wouldn't be prepared to get rid of him. How did you?

Alright boys, wait out here. Let me see what's going on. 

We don't have to take... crap... from the fit- rich, fat cats anymore.

'Scuse me, I-I'd like to address the group if I may.

I can't do it! I can't do it!

With everything that's been in the news, I think it's best to keep our kids... far away from the priests.

No buts, Stanley! We're not raising our kids to be discriminators!

How much do we have to raise, Mayor?

Okay, let's ah put the wheels on now, son.

It's simple economics, son. I don't understand it at all, but, God I love it.

Happy was a good man. Too good to have died in such a brutal but festive manner.

You got a better ides, Steven?! Dammit, my son is in there!

I know exactly how you feel. I've got alcoholism.

Will he be okay out of the hospital?

Uh, it's too complicated to explain over the phone. Girlfriend ==&gt; DEADBoyfriend ==&gt; DEAD Call a town meeting tomorrow.

Boys, there's no such thing as a ManBearPig. The vice president is just desperate for attention.

Yes, it was a terrible mistake. But maybe you could see how, since you do... take fudge and... pack it into a box... 

Aw man, I hate when pornos try to have a story.

Hey pal.  Sorry your birthday got a little ruined by the Japanese.

You don't care?! You really want a turd sandwich as your school mascot?! On your football helmets?! A turd?!

The boys are going to give a presentation at our rally about how the Founding Fathers would agree with our right to protest! 

I can't! I'm sick!  It's not fair! Why did you give me this disease?!  Stan! Stan!  Stan.

We have to be careful when we think somebody's onto us.  We are all part of a secret society, Stan. A very ancient, very important society of men who follow the way of the Rabbit, and protect the secret of the Easter bunny. We are called... the Hare Club For Men.

Whoa hoho, whoa!  Oh wow, oh, ah, I'm the best! Yeah! Yeah! Ah, it's just so amazing to be told that you're the best. I, I thought I was just a normal person like all of you, but... Yeah! Well, thank you for showing me otherwise! Yeah! I kick ass, yeah!

All the years of being told somethin'. It's just so unfair!

Mr. Cruise? Mr. Cruise, come out of the closet.

We've all stood by as our mother government has taken out dignity.

