ENOUGH!!  Oh, Haa-ha. Anyway, if you'll come with me in my car, I'll take you up to my condo where I'll kill you - I I mean-uh, uh give you - moneyy - for the triangle.
He has it, Milo. That little bastard has the triangle.
That is great. My name is Mrs. Jones, and I am a very friendly, nice person.  I hear that one of you found my triangle.
So?! Uh muh, so I'm a very famous and vey important individual.
A cop showed up - he's a clever one - I can't blow everything now that I'm this close. Everything must be handled very carefully.  How many years has it been, Milo? Thirty? Forty? For so long I have waited to find the other triangle, and now I am so close. The Dawn of Zinthar is close at hand! 
Alright. You asked for it!I'm gonna tell you now... 
Who is the boy I saw on the news report tonight?  Hello there, little boy. Do you know who I am?
Problemo? Huh, There's no problemo, Officer. I was just introducing myself to these charming little boys.
Ugh. Look. Little boy, I understand that you found a neat little triangle near here, you know what I'm talking about?
You fools have no idea the powers that you are meddling with! I'll teach you to meddle with my triangle! 
Oh, hello there, little boys. How are you today?
Well, little boy, does the triangle have a symbol of two snakes joined at the middle?
I'm sure! He knew about the symbol of Krewluck!
I'm not talking to you, you piss-ant little hick!
Eh. Soon, the triangle of Zinthar will be mine, and I will be the biggest, most famous person ever!
Okay, now this is very important. Where is the triangle of Zinthar now?
Finally, the triangle is mine! After centuries of waiting, I finally have the triangle of Zinthar! Now, the Diamond of Pantheos is complete  Sugoi! Kono ima... atarashii hajimari da! Ima kara... atashi no na mae wa... (Wow! This is... a new beginning! From now on... my name will be...) 
Yes. You see, that triangle is part of my kidney dialysis machine. I'm so glad you found it, because without it I was sure to die within hours.
