We like ya, Eric. You are the coolest guy in the world. This is tremendous tea.
The Sony PSP was built by God, to determine who on Earth had the best skills to defeat the armies of Satan. You... are the best. YOU, are the only hope for the universe.
There isn't much time, Kenny. You're dead, but, your death was no accident. Heaven needs you.
I have a police car on their way with blankets and cocoa. 
According to the Nielsen ratings, viewership in shows like "Cold Case Files," "Dateline: Murder," and "Deadly Affairs" is skyrocketing amongst married couples. The increased viewership has brought about a whole new slew of shows that use graphic sex, and innuendo, to make spousal murder more titillating. Shows like "Southern Fried Homicide," "Sinful Secrets," "On The Case with Paula Zahn." And it's all smut and it's garbage and it's  trash!  Your parents are watching this stuff! Go home and ask them! And as we ask them we must also ask ourselves, "If they're obsessed with this stuff, then how long? How long before one of our daddies dresses up in lingerie and bashes Mommy's head in with a brick?" 
You think that's bad? Remember when I auditioned to be David Hasselhoff's car? 
Oh boy, was that ever weird. Anyway, I can't believe I invited my old sweetheart to dinner. Huh.
Kenny! Bless your soul! You've saved all of Heaven!
Hey Brian, this is like the time I got a job as a carrot cake.
Yes, Eric, you are strong and smart and true. Everybody likes you very much.
This is Peter with INsecurity. Is everything all right?
You think that's bad? Remember the time I got a salmon helmet from Mohammad while wearing a toga?
Yes, well, unlike most cities, in San Francisco we try to  keep all the historic houses instead of knocking them down.
Nervous? Like when I had to sell pancakes to the school soccer captain? 
Oh hay, Paul. Come on in and meet the Broflovskis
My report is on the vile and despicable trash that our parents are watching on television. Fellow students: there is a plague of smut on our cable boxes!  Shows that feature reenactments of unsolved crimes and spousal homicide!  I'm talking of course about  murder porn!
Satan's army has crossed over the Plains of Limbo!
You think that's bad? Remember the time I won a date to Mexico with Gary Coleman?
Oh, of course. We're a little more progressive and ahead of the curve here in San Francisco.  Ahhhm.  Anyway, I'm sure you'll find it much better here.
No, shit, I feel like shit. I think I-
Whoa, nice car, but we're gonna have to get you into the BT series  Its emissions are actually cleaner.
He beat Satan's army in over three thousand separate simulations.
