Well, we might as well call up Lakewood and tell 'em we forfeit. 
I don't know, that looks pretty high up.
Very well. You shall be the Fellowship of The Lord of the Rings. Good luck. I have to go home now before I get in trouble.
The mall isn't open yet. They're waiting for George R. R. Martin to come cut the ribbon.
So then when she sticks her tongue out you just kind of lick it with your tongue.
Wow. Tweek and Craig really hate each other, huh? This should be a good fight.
I'm glad the food is good. Lorde sucks.
I totally can't see the fight, dude. I have detention after school.
YOU, SIR, MOCKED CARTMAN BEFORE, YET YOU TWO SIT HERE DEMANDING ANSWERS!  NOW DAMN YOU, LET HIM SPEAK!
So I don't get to be on the team now?
Please just hurry to the park! You have to stop them!
Like that motorcycle kid in Bad News Bears.
Yeah, and it was called Man from Atlantis, and he had like, webbed fingers... 
Why did we agree to that stupid app?!
Well I guess we're never gonna know. There's no way to tell.
Tommy stuck his face in the belt sander 
Hey, check it out. She's totally staring you down.  She sure seems confident. You should probably go easy on her, dude. You don't wanna put her in the hospital or anything.
Yes, please, Eric. Why are you so cool?
Very well, I shall call the council together. Meet me in the Woods of Gathering behind Talangar the Black's house. And don't let my mom see you, 'cause I'll get in trouble.
You said there was gonna be crystal clear lagoons and treasure and plunderrrr! 
We must have just missed him. He was playing at Cherry Creek mall and then Flat Irons mall. Now we don't know where to go because Slash is playing the Pavilion in Colorado Springs in the Gigadome in Moscow later this afternoon.
They're gonna finally reveal who Phillip farted on to get out of jail.
Hey, Timmy might need some help pulling his pants down.
I hate it here and I wanna go home!! 
I don't know, it's just a cool costume.
Yeah. Forget about the girls. What about if the CIA or, or the Russians know we have this? They'll come after us for sure.
So? I have three copies. And the DVD with twelve hours of extra footage.
No it's not! You made me run away to be a pirate and there's not even any treasure!
Yeah, we just started dating seriously.  You wanna meet my new girlfriend, Tweek?
I don't know. I got this emergency letter from Cartman that said to meet in his basement. 
Hey, what's goin' on?  What's goin on? Hey.  Oh yeah, hey, whassup? What's goin' on? Nice.
Have any of you dumb girls seen Bebe anywhere?
Hey yeah, I know.  How about we ask those kids who play Star Trek?
Hey, I'm not fat, you guys. I'm just kind of big-boned.
The Sony people might not be our biggest problem.
I think...  I think he wants to have sex with me.
Uh, how long do you expect the fight to last?
Look, could you guys just not say anything about this in school, please?
There's no alternative. We have to return the tape before it causes more damage!
I never realized ignoring him was an option.
And so that is the situation. The video may or may not have evil power. Kyle, would you bring it up here, please? 
That is true. Only a Paladin with a high constitution should watch the tape. Therefore, I think it is a job for you, Talangar the Black.
This is Hawk Eyes. We've set up the net and we're standing by. 
There's a guy selling them downtown. But they're not made from recycled plastic.
Well we can't keep the whale out here anymore, people are gonna see it!
Yeah. If we died right now, we'd have unclean souls and we'd burn in hell. 
Right this way!  You can't eat in the cafeteria! 
Look, until we see this tape's power for ourselves, we cannot risk giving it to anybody.
One thing for sure, this tape cannot be trusted with anybody. This must be returned to the video store from whence it came.
Yeah.  Here, it's like if you put your thumb on this side-
Sure was better when our parents were buyin' us stuff.
I heard the school nurse is hideously deformed.
What vice did you see on the videotape, Talangar? Is it the work of Sauron's magic? 
Oppression. Our play begins in a simpler time.  Alabama, in the late 1800s 
Naw, Rebecca's just a friend. I wanna be with you now. Sure, yeah, I'll buy you some shoes too.
And so, we must all recycle. Every day. Recycling is important, and it will save our planet, Earth. The End. 
It is too far and too dangerous to go alone. Take with you the wizard , the dwarf , the warrior , the cleric , and the Jew .
I just can't believe how yummy these are.
I think you're a big fat piece of crap.
"My friend Bebe is really smart. She tells funny jokes and knows a lot about stuff. She's good at almost everything she tries. She's awesome. The end." 
It's all set. Once we have the device, it can be housed in here safely until we know what we're dealing with.
And the commercial where the two kids have pot and the one kids shoots the other. Harmless?
Mrs. Garrison, one of your students is about to be attacked at the park by all the other students.
You mean they both have butts instead of heads?
This whole thing is stupid! You don't pick people you wanna be with by making it into a game!
That we can go back to being the South Park Cows! 
Well, we can add music numbers, but how do we make the Helen Keller story more Thanksgivingy?
Let's never let boobs come between us again!
Okay mom, just not in front of my friends okay?
Well, there's really not that many of us. We figured we should let him join.
Ah, excuse me? My daddy is a geologist and he says there actually isn't any concrete evidence of global warming.
Are you guys dumb? We can't beat him, even with all of us. It's a waste of time.
Twitter says they're introducing a new Elmo doll this Christmas.
Yeah. We need more of your mojo, Butters.
Whales are mammals; they don't need water to breathe, dumb-ass.
Yeah Eric, we're gonna stop ignoring you now. 
Uh, my bitch is still the hottest, you guys.
Really? Cool.  It's funny, 'cause Tweek and Craig both went home about fifteen minutes ago.
You're not supposed to be in the cafeteria.
All right, hurry! Get it up there! Let's see it!
Ask if the Broncos are gonna win on Sunday.
He's made up and people dress like him and pretend to be him to their kids.
She hangs out behind the temp building during afternoon recess. She'll kiss any boy that pays her.
Oh my God, where is my homework?! I am freaking out! 
I can't even remember if we're supposed to hug the fullback or compliment him. I'm so confused.
Please, ya-you don't understand. The other kids are gonna make fun of me forever!
What? What are you gonna do to him?
I bet I can spit the most on him. 
Kyle's dad got me 1.4 million, and he can do it for you, too. Just look at all these beautiful girls! 
Yeah, just let me show her real quick how to put the thumb and-
...What if we don't want to be your friend?
There, you see? The girls have built some kind of stronghold to keep us out. 
I'm not gonna touch it. You throw it away.
Hey! Hey, Stan! You're not gonna believe it! You've gotta come see!
It's okay, babe. Girls who don't have what you have are always going to put you down. 
For the last time, I'm not fat, so stop calling me fat, God-damnit! 
...We've gotta get to that church before we die.
Oh. Okay, hang on a second.  What troubles you?
You guys, maybe we should just... wait a few more minutes?
You guys! You guuys! We've got some bad news. Slash isn't real. 
Chase his tail? That must be so funny?
We're tryin' to get Bebe to run for class president.
Sorry. If we let one ginger kid in here, then the others are gonna start coming.
Apparently, he stopped Microsoft from blockading the shipment of PS4s to the mall. Looks like he's all over the place winning the console wars for Sony.
Something's wrong with Chef. He's saying some really weird stuff.
You wanna know who I hate?! I hate that kid Butters! He's a dork!
Oh, thank you! Thank you for coming back!  Thank you so much. Thank you.
Ha! We cannot trust something of that much power to a dwarf! Especially a kindergartner dwarf. 
Yeah, what's the big idea having your mom call all our moms last night?
Hey Token. You know, I never noticed before, but that girl Bebe is... kinda cool.
At least she didn't try to sit on him. 
If it's just looks then I think I'm safe.
Butters, that's not cool, man.  He can't help how he looks. 
But why me, doctor? Why me?! How did I get this?!
Ye-you guys, we'd better go. Recess is almost over.
Yeah, we gotta remember to kick his ass tomorrow. 
How come you get to use it first?
The police found hours and hours of murder porn on the Hagens' DVR. What more proof do we need?!
You didn't hear?! Now that America knows Butters was actually a violent psychopath, they're saying you made a bullcrap bullying video!
Yeah! But I think it's broke down. The cars aren't moving.
Tonight we present the story of a courageous girl and her fight against depression
You guys, we got it!  We got it. Sally Darson is selling kisses for five dollars.
Hey, Kyle. Look man, it doesn't matter what people think, okay?  You know, Abraham Lincoln was pretty ugly too, but look what he accomplished.  Chin up, cowboy.  Hey, what's goin' on? 
Put it, put it up on the, monitors! 
You know, the sequel to High School Musical 1 and 2.
