Ah, sorry America, a little glitch there, heh. Anyway-

Ms. Cartman, what does your son like to do?

Because you're such a brave little chinballed man, we're gonna send you directly from this studio to the world's largest putt-putt golf course in the world!

Do they point at you and laugh? Do they make you wish you'd never been born? Make you wish to put an end to the whole... miserable wretched earth?

You're a cutey. Do the other kids at school sometimes make fun of you?

We're here talking with moms who think their children are out of control.  Vanessa here says that her thirteen-year-old daughter Vanity is already doing drugs and having sex with older men 

What the hell is this? 

There a problem?

Wow, that is out of control!

Let's bring her out: here's Chantal!  So Joline, exactly how is your daughter out of control? You say she flirts with older men? 

And do all the kids at school make fun of you?

Go on, you're going right now!! 

So, Ms. Cartman, you can't control your child?

Please welcome eight-and-a-half-year old Napoleon Bonaparte from South Park Colorado.  Thanks so much for coming on our show.

Vanessa, what does Vanity say to you when you tell her toooo... do her homework.

Well, let's bring him out. Here's Eric Cartman! 

Our next mother is Liane Cartman. Her son claims to be the most out-of-control kid in the world and says there's nothing his stupid mom can do about it.

Do they go, "Oh, gross. What the hell is that thing"?

Our next guest suffers from a rare birth defect which caused his testicles and scrotum to grow from his chin.

Well your mommy told us you like to listen to music.

Uh, yeah, but I mean, do the kids make fun of you because of your condition?

So, is it tough being ...different?

Wow, Vanity, you are really an out of control teen.

Well, let's bring her out. Here's Vanity! 

Well Napoleon, we have a surprise for you.

You have to buy wings if you wanna talk to the Raisins girls. 

Well guess what, Damla. We're gonna give you a three hundred dollar gift certificate to CD World in Torrance!  All right, everyone. Stay tuned, because next we're gonna meet a woman who head was smashed in on a locker! And we're gonna giver her a makeover!

And do they call you "freak" and "weirdo"?

You have balls that hang off your chin.

Wait! Come back, uh-... Maybe we can make the other out-of-control kids take... their clothes off, too!

Do people sometimes stare at you?

You're a very brave little girl, and I'm very proud of you.

Can you tell the audience how miseable your life is?

Right. 

Our next guest is a little girl who was born without a midsection. Please welcome Damla Jones

We're here, talking with moms who think their children are out of control.

Ah, those damned freaks! 

