Yeah. When we kill the kid, people are gonna think it's because of second-hand smoke! And then these bastards are all gonna make money, and they know it! 

Oh, God-damnit, do I have to explain this again?! Smoking is bad, people! So if we have to be a little extreme to stop it, it's okay!

Oh, it'll be ready! 

It's my goo machine! I'm next!

What?!  God-damnit, what the hell is wrong with people in this state?!

Oh, here boys. Let me get your picture.  Got it! Ha! You bastards are going down now!

Tom, Tom. We can't be seen getting violent.

There, you see that?! The tobacco company won't give us the kid! And do you know why?! Because they know that if they give us that kid, then we'll kill him! And when our commercial goes on the air, it will lose them business!

Would you mind putting that death stick out?!

Hah, you see that? They got into your head. Now you kids can meet some good, decent people, the folks who work to get smoking banned!

There she is Tom... Barbra Streisand.

Any goo can be harvested from a person's body, and easily placed into another. 

Butter!!  Hello South Park!!  It is so nice to see an entire town come together to fight for good health! And I'm gonna help ya!  These poor innocent children have been seduced into smoking tobacco. So I say, "We fight fire with fire!" We're gonna use these children to bring the tobacco companies down! 

Okay Eric, this is going to be real simple. All you gotta do is read the words on the TelePrompTer here. 

Here you go Bob.  This is Mr. Baffrey. He does all our Photoshop work.  Now, all we have to do is Photoshop cigarettes into your hands!  And bingo! When this hits the papers the tobacco company is screwed! Hahahaha! 

Not if I were around, they wouldn't have.

And you boys decide which one of you will be best for the part. All right people, we've gotta get moving on the bill to ban smoking in Potsdam! Let's go!

Yeah, that must be it.  The tobacco companies, with their millions of dollars and their slick desks and fancy buildings,  they're the ones making music wanna smoke!  They're the ones hurting our nation's health! I will not stand by and see the children of America corrupted by those bastards!  This is war!!

This is how we get rid of smokers.  We go state to state and do things like, use bogus studies and make extensive commercials to get the public on our side and force cigarette smokers to stop!

And cut! Great! We got it! Wrap it up, people. That was fantastic.

Alright kids, here's what we're gonna do.  We're gonna sneak you into the tobacco company by saying you kids want a tour for a school paper.  Once you're inside, mm, mm, I'm gonna take photos and then we'll publish them, saying that the tobacco company invited you over to seduce you into smoking. Got it?

Let's see how the tobacco companies deal with this.  All right, roll camera. Roll the TelePrompTer. And whenever you're ready, Eric.

All right boys, just do what I tell ya and we'll be able to sue this tobacco company for two billion dollars!  As soon as we get into the main facility, I'll snap the photo of you kids, and we can all run out! Think you can handle it?

Hey! 

Yuh your vacation house in Mexico, then, whatever it is! Look, you are putting my life and these boys' lives in danger by smoking that in here! And I'm not gonna tolerate it! I will end smoking in bars in Colorado! There will be no more smoking here!

Damnit.  Butter!  Butter! 

Eric, do you know what a hero is? A hero is somebody who sacrifices himself for the good of others. You can be a hero, Eric. All you have to do... is eat the cupcake. 

He's useless to you! You can't get Muhammad's power to not be made fun of without the Rob Reiner Goo Transfer Machine!

Isn't smoking illegal in bars here?

Heh, great.  Okay, now watch yourselves, kids. These tobacco company people will do anything to get you hooked on smoking. They are liars and they are frauds!

Fine, then let's have Her do it.

Yes. My name is Rita Poon. I called about my boys wanting a tour.

You kids need to understand something, okay? Sometimes lying is okay. Like, when you know what's good for people more than they do.

Well when I relax I just go to my vacation house in Hawaii!

Well they want proof?! All right, we'll give them proof! Boys, I need one of you to act in a commercial for us! We'll shoot it tomorrow!

Listen, Babs, we are taking on the town of South Park and we really need your help

Oh my God! What kind of backward hick state is this?!

Hey Barbra. It's me, Rob Reiner. 

Oh, nothing! Please continue.

You know... Her.

Power her up! Release the Kraken! 

We take his goo! It's as simple as that friends. 

I don't understand it. I pushed a law for higher taxes on cigarettes, I lobbied to get images of cigarettes removed from movies and art, I forced smokers out of bars and parks, but still I get letters from parents saying their kids are doin' it.  Apparently, people still don't understand how bad smoking people is for them. Don't they know how dangerous it is to their health?  Don't they know the hazard of second-hand smoke?

Mm.  Uh, we're just leveling out the playing field.  The tobacco companies lie to you about the dangers of smoking. If we're gonna take them down, we've gotta lie right back!  Oh my God!  Excuse me!

GOD-DAMNIT THERE'LL BE NO MORE SMOKING!!

Give us the child!

