I I have others with me. We we have nowhere else to go. One woman here is pregnant.

Have I answered your questions satisfactorily and offered GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE?!

Yes, no, sorry, but because you bought two business-class tickets I can NOT refund the fares.  That's right, there is nothing we can do. All right. Have I answered all your customer concerns in a timely, polite manner? Thank you for calling Korean Airlines Customer Service.  El Pollo Loco Customer Service, this is Steve.

Kyle. I need to advise you that this call may be recorded to help with better customer service in the future. Is that agreeable to you?

Yeah. And you all went the wrong direction on it.

Francis has raised $29.32  And Timmy has raised $2,063.00!

I understand your shock, my friend, but you have simply been in the virtual world so long you have forgotten.

You folks are goin' the wrong way.

Let us in! For God's sake, they're coming! No! No, I'm sorry, we don't have any change.

Ohhh yes yes yes! That I can answer! His name was... But-ters!

Nonononono no, listen, listen: if I didn't answer your questions, then we have given bad customer service!

This is going to be very jarring for you, but, there has been a malfunction with the headset you ordered from us. Right now, you're actually in your room at your computer wearing an Oculus headset, but, you're in a coma-like trance, my friend.

Oh no, you don't! You're my girl! And I'm not lettin' you walk out on me!  What the?! 

Hello? My friend? My friend, I believe we are having some technical issues with our phone line. Please hang on, I'm going to call Customer Service.

That's the paradox! Please my friend, please! I am not real! You are not real! Have I answered your questions and provided good customer service?! This call may be recorded! 

Best Buy Customer Service, this is Steve.

What do you mean have you answered all my questions?! NO! You have not answered ANY questions at ALL!

And I can sodomize me boys again

A big congratulations to our fundraising champion! After selling the Handicar rights to Elon Musk, Timmy has raised 2.3 billion dollars for summer camp.  Great job to all of you. This is sure to be the best summer camp ever! 

Hello, hello my friend, are you still there?

...Ohhh, nohhh, nonononononono.

Have I answered all your questions in a satisfying and courteous manner?

Are you boys enjoying the fun beach?

Uhhh, nononono my friend. I am Steve with Customer Service.

Of course, we could always take my boat, eh?

Panasonic customer service. How can I help you?

All right, kids, you know what time of year this is?  That's right, it's autumn! And that means our fundraising for next year's summer camp is in full gear. Is everyone psyched for next year's summer camp?

But the customer service - was that reliable? And did I accurately and politely respond to your concerns?

Here we are at the Parliament buildin'.

Nononononono, do not fuck me, because I am you and then we will just be fucking ourselves. Now, have I provided answers to your questions in a courteous and prompt fashion?

All right. Well, just keep working on those donations. 

Uhhh let's see, ah, it looks like... one of you is going to have to put on the Oculus headset and go into the virtual world and convince your friend to get to an access point. Could you try that, my friend? 

What the hell??

All right, did I take care of all your customer needs in a timely and satisfactory fashion today?

Oh yeah, the Prime Minister, eh? He sure has screwed up things for Newfoundland. Life just hasn't been the same since he made sodomy illegal.

Ohh yehhs, yes. What is your name please?

Jesus, what kind of porno is that?

Estella, help me! I'm your boyfriend!

Yeah, we gave it our best, but our best wasn't good enough, eh? 

So far, Jimmy has raised $16!

Yes, hello. This call may be recorded to ensure good customer service in the future.

My friend, my friend, a customer who is in virtual reality called Customer Service, and it has created a customer feedback loop. Okay? Here in India we call it a customer feedback vindaloop.

And we can't perform sodomy, eh?

Okay, next stop, the new Prime Minister. 

Not just a sec! We've got a whole lot of wet campers down there!  What's going on?! 

What? But Token's never seen a porno before. He wouldn't know what to—Oh God! 

Hello, Customer Service, this is Steve.

Ohhhh yes yes yes yes. Many people are calling about this. We have NO idea what's going on. Have I answered all your questions in a timely manner?

Hey boys, are you excited for camp next year?

Ohhh, fuck you!

Oh, yes, ah, yes my friend.  Oculus Customer Service, this is Steve.

The people you are talking to are just computer programs, my friend.

Listen, my friend. This is gong to be very hard to comprehend, but none of what you are seeing is real.

Hello, this is Steve with Customer Service.

Yeah, sure, except there's just one problem.

Token?  Alright, Token. We know you must be very confused about what you saw. 

Listen carefully, my friend. You are stuck in a paradox. It turns out there are three things you cannot do in virtual reality. You cannot die, you cannot get grounded, and you cannot call Customer Service. This is why you are having problems.

Oh, Jesus, not that one! 

Oh God. One of them is a war veteran.  We're gonna have to give him some change.

He doesn't care! I can continue! All right, listen very carefully my friend. The headsets we sold you are having some minor problems.

Well what is more important, my friend? The result, or good customer service?

Heeey. Hey, we need a towel! 

Hello, Eric. My name is Steve from Oculus Customer Service. There seems to be an error with our virtual headsets, and on behalf of the company, I would like to apologize and try to help.

