Fine. He can build you what you want. All he needs is the official Pinewood Derby kit. Right Marsh?
From what I've been presented and the evidence put forth, the court has no choice but to order you to place Mr. Cartman's pubicle sac in your mouth, and draw upon it succulently for no less than 30 seconds.
Stan Marsh coaches a Pee Wee hockey team. But now  they're going to play in the big leagues.  They've got small bodies but big hearts. Stan Marsh is... going professional. 
Stan Marsh was supposed to win it all. The big game. A dying boy's hope. Only problem is,  he tied!  And now, he's about to find out that tying isn't the same as winning. 
Stan Marsh is a bright young man. He's got a great family, a promising paper route; only problem is,  his bike's been impounded!  But now, he's about to find out that getting his bike back isn't so easy. 
Well, I'm afraid I can't give it to you, because then you wouldn't learn anything..
Yes! Come on, Mr. Marsh. I've been told all about your case. Impounded bicycle, $83 owed to the county. Maybe you should get a job.
Stan Marsh is a washed-up fourth grader. He's got no job, no bicycle. And his only way out is to coach...  a pee wee hockey team!  And now, he's about to find out that to coach, you've got to grow.
I am making an example of you, to send a message out to people everywhere: that if you want to hurt another human being, you'd better make damn sure they're the same color as you are!  Court is adjourned! 
You have twenty four hours to suck aforementioned balls. If after that time you still refuse, the court will be forced to arrest you for contempt. Next case! 
Is this not your signature on the contract?
Uuhh, excuse me. I uh, just found the last page of Kenny's will. 
Madame Foreperson, have you reached a verdict so we can get the hell outta here?!
The time to beat is 1.9 seconds. May we please have... Brewster, Marsh, Jarvis, and Hollis. 
Come on, get a move on. I ain't gettin' any younger up here.
Eric Cartman, you have been found guilty of committing a hate crime. For this, I hereby sentence you to the Alamosa Juvenile Hall, until you turn twenty-one.
Imagine. If there was one game, one chance, to make everything right. Stan Marsh is being given that chance. But to win, he's gonna have to pull out all the stops in... "Stanley's Cup"! Rated R. 
I found the page where Kenny specified his wishes about being on life support.
Alright, kids, are you ready? Here we go, last race for the state championship in 3, 2, 1, Go! 
Stan Marsh has always lived a carefree life. But in the blink of an eye, what seemed important before can all be put in perspective. Stan Marsh is... "Bummin' on Cancer." 
Well it just so happens that the pee wee hockey team this year needs a coach.
Alright Scouts and Dads, the racing continues. And it looks like our next heat is ready to go, in 3, 2, 1, race!  Two point one seconds for Tommy Bretts. Looks like we have a new leader, folks.
You're gonna have to repeat that verdict because we have some flatulence issues.
If I should ever be in a vegetative state and kept alive on life support, please...  for the love of God, don't ever show me in that condition on national television. 
Whoa whoa, hold on. I've looked your case over and I think maybe we can cut a little deal here. According to your background check, when you were in kindergarten, you played on the Park County Pee Wee Hockey Team.
Mr. Broflovski, did you agree to orally imbibe Mr. Cartman's scrotum and testicles?
I'm sorry to say that my hands are tied. The new Prime Minister of Canada has authority this court cannot override. By Canadian law I must award custody of the child to his birth parents.
