Big celebration for the Lowe's Home Improvement team.

On deck the crew is surprised at what they see. The other boat is from Deadliest Catch, a crab-fishing reality show.

Now substituting for Colorado, number 8, Kyle Broflovski. 

You did it, Stan! 

If you win, you could be picked to be in our next Cheesy Poofs commercial. So remember,
I love Cheesy Poofs, you love Cheesy Poofs
If we didn't eat Cheesy Poofs, we'd be lame

This eight year old son of a single parent just won't behave.

And that's the end of the game. The result is a tie.

Will the cartoon be allowed to appear uncensored? Will Family Guy be destroyed??? Will television executives fight for free speech? Or will Comedy Central puss out? Tune in to see Part 2 of Family Guy, next week, on South Park!

When good dogs go bad, there's one man who's their best friend. Cesar Millan.

Ohoooo, that's the end of the game! How disappointing. 

But everywhere his reality show's boat turns, the crab fishing reality boat block its path. 

Tonight, Stellar Productions presents the boy band of the decade!  It's Fingerbang, live from Madison Square Gardens! 

Wait a minute. Check that out!  Come on!  Oh my good, look!

Oh... h-hello ma'am. We're just here to examine your pool.

Tonight, a school cafeteria in Middle America is the stage for a heavyweight culinary battle. The very best of the best will cook off to find out who... can make the best school cafeteria food. It's... the Hell's Kitchen Nightmares Iron Top Chef Cafeteria Throwdown Ultimate Cookoff Challenge!

And now, back to more kids who are out of control, on the Maury Povich show!

It looks like the Dale Evans car is going the wrong way!

We're close. We're really close!

And there's the finish. It looks like Handicar has done it!

And back in the kitchen the challenger appears to have lost something.

And now, Larry King, live.

This is breaking news!

We hope you enjoyed Jambu's orca show, and enjoy the rest of your day at Denver's Sea Park!  You bunch of retards. 

Round 2. Fight!! 

And now, here he is! Jimmy Kimmel! 

With great inspirational songs like "I Wasn't Born Again Yesterday,"

You're watching The History Channel, where the truth is history.

And now, for your halftime entertainment, please welcome... the incomparable, the beautiful, the Amazingly Randi! 

There goes a hit to left field, and Foley's going to score.

This is CNN.

Oh my, it appears that an explosion has opend up a wormhole with Matthew McConaughey inside.

The CD is filled with instant classics. Who doesn't remember... 

You are watching E! Entertainment News! That's how low you've sunk.

Oh, it appears the goalie has pooped his pants.  Oh and look at this! Little Stan Marsh actually has a shot at the goal!

Is it Jimbo?

Rob Shneider was an animal.  Then he was a woman.  And now Rob Schneider is...  a stapler.  And he's about to find out...  that being a stapler  is harder than it looks. Rob Schneider is... The Stapler.  Rated PG-13

Terrance and Phillip will be right back after these messages. 

Today on Maury Povich: These moms  don't know what to do with their out-of-control kids!  Young boys and girls so whorish on our show that it borders on child pornography!

Whoa-ho ho! You heard him, folks! Kenny is going to give a sensual full-body massage to his own grandfather!

Rob Schneider is a somewhat popular comedic actor  who seemed to have it all,  until one day, he came across a pot roast,  and his life changed forever.  Now he's sharing his body with an eight-year-old boy.  And he's about to find out  that being eight  ain't so great.  Rob Schneider is KENNY!  Rated PG-13.

Rob Schneider derp de derp.  Derp de derpity derpy derp.  Until one day, the derpa derpa derpaderp.  Derp de derp.  da teedily dumb.

Ticket proceeds help fight the gluten crisis in West Africa! It's a night of pure, pure estrogen! Tickets on sale now! 

Live, from the principal's office, these are the morning announcements. Here, is Eric Cartman.

It WAS funny!! It was funny, Bob! And it will be funny again, I swear to you! If those boys took the whale out of here, we would have seen them on the road! I'm telling you, we're close. It's going to be funny!

Welcome to the South Park reenactment of the Battle of Tamarack Hill. The men in gray are the Confederacy, from the South ; in blue are the Union, from the North .

Kurt Loder didn't just say that. No way, he did just say it, but just to be cool. That's what makes him cool. You think Kurt Loder is cool. And now, the news that's cool.

Satan weighs in at - 320 lbs, 4 oz.  Jesus Christ weighs in at - 135 lbs., 1 oz. 

You're talking about the crowd-funding company- Redskins, right?

Well, let's bring out the man of the hour, you know him as the-

Live from St. Louis, New Jersey! It's the "Jersey News" with anchormen P-Train and Tan Jovi!

Are you tired of corporate airline companies treating you like a worthless sardine?  Tired of ridiculous lines and horrible security at airports?  Well, now there is an alternative to airline travel.  IT.  IT has taken the country by storm.  And already two million have been sold.  Never have another important business trip ruined by airline incompetence.  Hey ladies! How did you get to the Grand Canyon?  IT comes in sizes for the entire family.

This is breaking news!

This is CNN.

And now, Disney Channel presents... the Jonas Brothers 3-D concert spectacular!  Live from Red Rocks Amphitheater in Colorado! 

This is a FOX News update! Global Warming Disaster!

It's 24-carrot comedy. 

You're watching VH1.

On this episode of Ghost Hunters : a little boy in Colorado appears to be haunted by celebrities.  Now the Ghost Hunter team will roll out and get to the bottom of it. It's the gayest show in the fucking world; Ghost Hunters!

And now, here is Bill O'- Reilly.

It's Jim Carrey in Whatever, You'll Pay To Go See It. Fuck you! July 12.

Welcome to the televised broadcast of the Olympic Opening Ceremonies from Beijing.  Thousands of Chinese performers playing ancient Chinese drums.  The precision of their movements made even more impressive by their massive numbers. 

New, from Blasbro, it's Crank Prank Time Phone!

All the cars must follow the same route. First they'll leave the town of South Park, then navigate through Giggling Gulch on the final stretch to pick up the passenger, a Miss Dotty Applegate. Once the passenger is picked up, the vehicle must successfully deliver her to the destination point at her daughter's house in Morrison.  It looks like the ZipCar is trying to vie for position past the Hummer vehicle. It's neck and neck as the Wacky Racers all push to be first to pick up the passenger.  Miss Applegate is waiting patiently.  And Elon Musk's Tesla appears to take the lead.

And now back to Huntin' and Killin'  with South Park's favorite hunters, Jimbo and Ned!

Elon Musk is using one of his kooky inventions to put the Hummer out of commission for good. 

This is Nine News at Ten.

Here we go!

Live, from Las Vegas, it's the MTV Video Music Awards

Oh no, Dick Dastardly is up to no-do-goodery again.

Be sure to tune in tomorrow for another inexplicable episode of... Chinpokomon.

The mana is flying now as both roosters play sorcery spells! It's Mass Calcify against Into the Void!

Pre-nup power-up. 

Kids completely out of control. 

Now, with more on "Martha Stewart's Living" .

With only 16 seconds left, the Cornhu-

Dastardly car is racing past both.  This could be an upset, folks. 

Tonight on an all-new 20/20.  A town in crisis over the matter of privacy.  Now for the first time we sit down and talk to the mom behind the bush.

Hey kids, do you love Cheesy Poofs? 

Dude, did you see that episode of Trading Spouses last night? That was insane. Yeah, well ha- whoa. What the hell? 

The Contender!

Or Mr. Broflovski??

And now, back to America's Stupidest Home Videos-

Chinpokomon, what is Primary Objective?

It looks like a woman is trying to take over for Jimmie Johnson's car. 

Here he is, y'all! Give it up for Kanye West!

Yes, all the charm of a simple little cartoon  will melt before your eyes as it is replaced by newer and more standardized animation!

Hey, are you feeling down? You need some excitement. And North Park Funland has just opened its newest ride! The John Denver Experience!  You'll be Rocky Mountain High with this, the most EXTREME, INSANE RIDE EVER BUILT.

And now, here to sing the sarcastaball anthem, recording artist, Cee-Lo!

Let the race begin!

This is News 4, at noon.

We welcome you to the First Lady's Symposium on Obesity, with your keynote speaker, Michelle Obama. 

Eh hello ma'am, uh, the teacher at the school said she recognized this boy to be your son? 

A beautiful night in Arlington, Texas as the Dallas Cowboys get set to take on the Washington Redskins. That is, of course, Washington Redskins the football team, not Washington Redskins, the audacious crowd-funding company.

Attention universe! Be sure to tune in next week for another exciting episode of... Earth! The Asians  are reeeally steamed at the Russians . The zebras try to get along with the buffalo.  And Americans  and Iraqis  have an all-out brawl.  It's outrageous fun and it's all new! Earth! On Fognl.

He's got it! That's a new Special Olympics record, folks! 

He did it! Come on out, Kenny!  You made it six hours, Kenny. Come on out of there.  Hmmm. Uh, Ms. Crabtree, maybe you could give him a little push. 

Tonight, two people will compete for glory. One will stay, one will go home, in the new hit show by Sylvester Stallone.

You're watching the History Channel, the only network dedicated to history. Coming up next, it's Monster Quest! Larrh! Followed by Hairy Bikers. Errh! But now, back to Part 3 of Ancient Aliens at Thanksgiving.

It's all live and it's all magical. It's the Washington Redskins Go Fuck Yourself Holiday Special.

To order tickets, call TicketSlave NOW!! 

The passenger is being taken to the Tesla D now.  No way! She just got snatched by the pissed off Russian in his taxi. Miss Applegate is now in the back of the taxi and she's being forced to watch Jimmy Fallon.  Uh oh, the Canadian car has completely run out of queefs.  With the race neearly over, it's taxi out in front followed by self-driving car, and then pulling up in third is Handicar!

Just in time for the holidays, it's Stop Touching Me Elmo.  When you press his back, Elmo puts his hand on your knee and says fun things. 

You. Friends. Fun. Drink. Hot girls. You're hot. Drink more. Expensive cars. Ass, drink, ass, money, you in a tuxedo, threesomes, vodka, pussy, drink, drink, drink, you, drink, Vegas, fun, pussy, you, in a tuxedo, fucking this girl, vodka, drink drink drink drink it all you fucking pussy! MORE TUXEDOS, MORE CARS, MORE PUSSY, MORE VODKA, DRINK DRINK DRINK!  Please drink responsibly.

Now back to, "It's A Wonderful Life".

Get ready for the Krrrrrrazy Kenny Show!  And now here's your host, the kid who will do anything to himself for money, Krrrra—a--a-a-azy Kenny!  Kenny, through the past weeks we've seen you eat mice, pretend to kill newborn babies to shock their mothers and ...wash your hair with battery acid. The question in all our minds is,  who-haht are you gonna do next? 

This is closed-circuit television for South Park Elementary School. And now, Super School News. The news made for students, by students.

Clyde Donovan... Kelly P. Gardner ... Jimmy Valmer.

And now back to... Jakovasaurs! on Comedy Central. 

This jannemon at eight o'clock, it's everyone's favorite show! Earth! It's been one hundred Gelganighs since we first took species from seventeen different planets and put them all together, on the same planet! Oo-derp! They've fought and fallen in love! What will happen this Galgamog? Tune in jannemon at eight to find out. It's... Earth! On Fognl!

You're watching MTV, the cool, brainwashing, twelve-year-old-and-younger station that hides behind a slick image. We're so cool that we decide what's cool. And now, MTV News, the news that is singlehandedly dumbing down our country. Which is cool. Here's your host, Kurt Loder.

With an eye on America and all of today's events, it's South Park Evening News, with Tom Pusslicker

Lords and Ladies, we bid you welcome to the grandest casino in the land, Excalibur! 

And our celebrity sous-chefs, Mario Batali, Paula Deen , and Giata De Laurentiis with her perky tats and gigantic head.

The hate crime trial of the century is underway  on Court TV tracks U van. . Live. Here's your host, Leslie Smith.

You can take Alabama Man to the bowling alley, where he drinks heavily and chews tobacco. 

And it looks like Tad is way out in front.

Today on Today: We meet the author of the book that has swept the nation, and has now spawned TV's most popular game show, "How Long Can You Listen To Scrotie McBoogerballs On Audiobook"  "And Not Vomit?"  The book is full of disgusting words and acts, including Sarah Jessica Parker, who is mentioned four hundred and sixty-five times.  Matthew Broderick, are you upset your wife is made fun of so much in the book?

Ma'am, do you recognize any of these boys? 

And the Roughriders are giving the Roughriders a run for their money!  All else aside, I must say that the Roughriders  are simply outmatched by these Roughriders  And that's going to take us to halftime. Be sure to stick around for the halftime show: Saddam and the Electric Iraqis in a salute to hostile takeovers!

This is closed-circuit television for South Park Elementary School. And now,  a Sexy Action News Team Special Report: Cough Medicine Abuse in School!  With the Sexy Action School News Team!  It's the report you can't afford to miss!  And now here is Rick Cartman!

Welcome to today's matchup between the Denver Nuggets and the Los Angeles Clippers.  And now, here to sing the National Anthem, country music star Brad Paisley. 

Cop Drama will return after these messages.

Tonight on the Simpsons: It's a laughorama when Bart builds a machine that takes cherries out of chocolate-covered cherries and replace them instead, with mayonnaise.

And now, back to the Terrance and Phillip Halloween Special.

More mana from Scrambles! And yes, that is Crippling Blight! Crippling Blight to the fugitive wizard! Creature now has -1 to strength and defense! More Mana from Fluffy. Now he'll attack with fugitive wizard, and there's an instant attack from Scrambles! That is peel from reality! Fugitive wizard is literally torn apart from the battleground!

She's setting a new world record!

It's the Charlie Rose show. Here's Chuck.

And now, a special announcement from the president of BP and DP.

Crank Prank Time Phone comes with debilibrator , antimatter fusion cone, andn 30 plain HF watt triggers. Warning: Crank Prank Time Phone is for entertainment purposes only. Makng anything OTHER than crank calls to the past could affect the present and end your existence. Crank Prank Time Phone is not intended for the use by otters.

The Terrance & Phillip Mobile Game.  In this game, you are Terrance & Phillip. Can you collect all the Canadian coins? *poot* 

And now, live via hologram, it's Kurt Cobain. 

And now back to Jesus and Pals, on South Park Public Access.

Alright, here's Eric Cartman giving it a shot. 

And Nanny Stella is selected to set him straight. 

And now back to Wheel of Fortune!

Meanwhile, at the gingers' lair...

Coming this fall to Fox/CBS/FX. Jurassic Park and Lost in the same TV show!   Dinosaurs!  Lost Humans!  Future, yes! 

Welcome, parents, to this Pee Wee hockey match between Park County and Adams County. 

Ladies and gentlemen, may we have silence, please, as magician David Blaine will now eat... his... own... head. 

And now, the thrilling conclusion of... Cartoon Wars... will not be seen tonight!  so that we can bring you this Terrance & Phillip Television Special 

Get this special enhanced version quick, because another enhanced version will likely be coming out for 2003!

This is Park County News 4, with your host, Jim Brown-ish

First up to bat for South Park, Kyle Schwartz. 

Hey, kids. Do you like Chinpokomon?

South Park serves, and McNuggets plays a Plains Land card. One-nill, South Park.  Another serve, and McNuggets summons Downtreader Elk. One south Park player is eliminated. You, the girl with the ponytails - you are dead.

...child? We're back with Maury.

So join the millions of Americans who have felt a little more comfortable with... traveling.  Order yours today and remember our slogan: IT's better than flying.

And now, the president of Apple, Steve Jobs! 

This is South Park Elementary School closed-circuit television. And now,  Time with the Sexy Action School News! 

The challenger has left the cafeteria to find his most important ingredient.

And fighting out of the blue corner, wearing a gorgeous floral-pattern silk dress, Wing!

We interrupt this debate for an emergency news bulletin! It's... Britney Watch!  Keeping you up-to-date with all your Britney Spears news!

This is a News 5 Special Bulletin, with Chris Swollenballs.

In the version, the word "WOOKIE" has been changed to "HAIR CHALLENGED ANIMAL" and the entire cast has been digitally replaced by Ewoks.

And now, back to the movie of the week, Aliens.

Hey, kids!  Only one more day till the Chinpokomon camp!  Come early and enjoy all the Chinpoko fun! 

Oooh, that's gonna cost him a point deduction.  Up next, no. 14, Ming Li!

They're every parent's worst nightmare. 

Don't go anywhere. Russell Crowe will be right back after a few more commercials. 

We're near the finish line; the race is almost over. Handicar is in the lead, still way out in front of the ZipCar driven by Matthew McConaughey. 

Oh, and what's your name, little boy?

With Canada coins, you can buy stuff that helps Terrance & Phillip rebuild Canada.  Run around and collect more coins, or better yet, buy them in bulk!  How many Canadian coins would you like to buy?

Winner, Jimmy Valmer! 

The grand-daddy of them all, the South Park Cow Days Rodeo! Let's begin the bullriding event. Grand prize: $5000!

And this brave little whore from the East has really put on a show for us today!  The winner of the bullriding contest: Ming Li!

That's right, just in time for Cows Days, the world's 45th biggest rodeo and carnival.  Every fall, South Park celebrates Cow Days, and you're gonna be a part of it. You'll stay at the spectacular Super 7 hotel on Bernhardt Road , and enjoy festivities, including prizes, rides, and of course, the world-famous Running of the Cows!  Congratulations, Tom and Mary.

It's been three hours and the crab fishing reality show isn't budging.  Captain Marsh's boat is dead in the water. He can't go after the Japanese, he can't help the whales or dolphins. Once again on Whale Wars, nothing is happening.

Live from Five News Studio in Colorado, it's Good Mornin' Denver.

And now, Jambu is going to going to give you all a big wave! 

Skanque.

This is Debate 2004 with your host, Jim Lehrer.

And now back to Huntin' and Killin with South Park's favorite hunters, Jimbo and Ned! 

How about that, folks! A full body flip! And now, Kelly's gonna show us how she makes Jambu do his tricks.  When Kelly slaps her hand three times, Jambu comes to her. Jambu will stay and wait until Kelly gives him a command.  Oh, what trick are we gonna see? Get those cameras ready!  That's Kelly riding on Jambu's nose!  I wish Kelly would ride on my nose. 

You buy 200 Canadian coins for 49 cents! You're amazing! Now use that Canadough to help rebuild Canada! Click to build a hospital here. 

Captain Hindsight, the hero of the modern age.  Once known as Jack Brolin, a reporter for the national news, the hero was born when a freak accident gave him the amazing power of extraordinary hindsight. From toxic spills to unjust wars there is no task too large for... Captain Hindsight! 

Or is Officer Barbrady?

Well, he gave his life for our amusement. One little boy who dared to be different. Let us never forget... Kenny McCormick.  Who was that?

This is Channel 4 Evening News.

They are neck and neck approaching the finish line. 

Welcome to the inaugural game of the National Sarcastaball League! As we bring you today's matchup between the Denver Broncos and the Oakland Raiders.

This November, Adam Sandler shits in your eyes, ears, and mouth.  It's Adam Sandler in Pbbbbbt, rated Arg for pirates. Fuck you!

This Saturday, at the Pepsi Center, it's Women of Rock! Miley Cyrus, Iggy Azalea, Nicki Minaj, and Lorde!  All on one stage, on one night! With a special appearance by Michael Jackson's Hologram!

It's gonna be a close one!

Previously on South Park...

Does your child have what it takes to be the next Cheesy Poofs anthem singer? 

We are now live at the NASCAR press conference, where the drivers of Saturday's race are gearing up and taking questions from reporters.

And now it's almost time for BoBo's. 

Live, from the space station Xion, in the Vuntlin Galaxy. It's the Biggest Douche In the Universe Award! 

They're white trash. And when you give them a little Pabst Blue Ribbon , they can't help getting arrested.  Tonight, on an all-new... White Trash... In Trouble!

Welcoem to the Colorado Little League State Championship Game!  This must be pretty exciting for these youngsters. A chance to go to the national circuit. 

It's time to call Nanny 911.  We've gathered a team of world-class nannies to help families in crisis.  Parents of America, help is on the way!  Tonight...

The South Park video game, coming to stores soon!

Jim Carrey has a bunch of turds in his apartment. 

All the Chinpokomon are in stores now.

Ladies and Gentlemen, it's "Psychic Showdown." Here are John Edward, and Stan Marsh. 

And now, here are your Denver Whoop de fucking do girls!

And now, for your feature presentation: the classic RE-RE-RE-RELEASE of Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back

Adam Sandler is Jack. Adam Sandler is Jill. 

Sorry folks, we are in a hold. We are in a hold.

Time is running out. Stan Marsh with a chance to win!

And look at this! The Lyft car is the first to arrive and pick up the passenger.  Now the Lyft car must take the passenger to her destination, but look at this! The Hummer salesman is running the Lyft car off the road! And the Hummer salesman is taking the passenger to the car and he is gong to let her drive herself!

And now back to Russell Crowe, Fightin' Around The World!

This is Larry King Live.

It's El Pollo Loco! 

Gerald Broflovski.

Good morning, South Park, it's 8 a.m.,  and only two more days until the new millennium! 

Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to The Contender! Fighting out of the red corner, wearing blue and white trunks, the Destructor from Del Fuego, Mexico, Manuelo Furrrrnanda! 

Ready. Set. Go! 

This Saturday, Pox presents the musical event of the new millennium! You all remember playing the recorder in elementary school!  Well, this Saturday in Oklahoma City , over 4 million third-grade students  from all over the country  will gather in one place, and at the same time, play "My Country 'Tis Of Thee" on their recorders.  It's the largest third-grade recorder concert ever!  Special guest conductor Yoko Ono  and woodwind virtuoso Kenny G  will lead this fantastic event! This Saturday, at 11 Eastern / 10 Central. The world will be watching! 

Hey, kids. Do you like Chinpokomon?

This is breaking news.

Wait a minute, it appears a lone Redskin is making his way out of the locker room.  The Cowboys kick it off. 

A culinary battle royale is set to explode here in a school cafeteria. Will it be the simple, rustic cafeteria food of the challenger, or will the Iron Chef reign supreme?

The drivers are slowly heading out to follow the pace car.

We interrupt this newscast for an important message from the surgeon general.

Meanwhile, at the Legion of Doom, which is Tom Cruise's house.

This is a South Park News Weather Bulletin!

Uh oh, here she comes now! It's Bad Irene! 

With new Glade monvert cleaner, you can make your monvert sparkle like never before.

You are watching the Canada Channel, the only channel in Canada.

Alabama Man comes with everything you see here. Wife sold separately.

It's the bottom of the last inning here at Coors Field; the score is South Park 23, Denver 0. 

And now the exciting conclusion of... South Park.

We've gotta track down those kids. Before the police do!

Well, we've seen him do just about every disgusting thing in the book, and today live on pay-per-view, Krazy Kenny is going to crawl into a woman's uterus for six hours!  Well, Ms. Crabtree, your cervix has been dilated, your womb equipped with oxygen- How do you feel?

Scrambles plays a Black Swamp mana card. Fluffy counters with a mana card of his own. And he plays a fugitive wizard!

Next on the Maury Povich show: we bring back some of our favorite disfigured people  and introduce you to some new ones

...will not be seen tonight, so that we may bring you this Queef Sisters Special!

Tom Brady looking sluggish again today. Not sure what his problem has been lately.

How were we supposed to know that they were gonna actually do it?!

Wow, and this Vietnamese prostitute can really ride a bull!  I guess she's had a lot of practice, if you know what I mean. 

That was Beverly Long from Indianapolis, folks. Let her hear it!  All right, and now, dancing to the song "I've Got Something In My Front Pocket For You," here is Colorado state champion, Leopold "Butters" Stotch! 

Next up for the talent show, put your hands together for the incredibly talented Jimmy Valmer! 

K-tal Records  presents the most inspirational Christian rock band in the world! Faith + 1,  featuring the very best in good, wholesome Christian music.

As an entire nation buries its head in sand... 

His shot is blocked! What a great save!  And that's the end of the second period. The score is tied 2-all.  And now please put your hands together for three minutes of exhibition play from some of our state's finest Pee Wee hockey players.

Or is it the 1991 Denver Broncos? The answer is coming on an all-new South Park, in just four weeks.

Da derpa derpa derpaderp. Da Derp Dee Derp Da Teetley Derpee Derpee Dumb

Note: people with heart conditions and expectant mothers should not ride the JOHN DENVER! Open now! Come on down!

How much money can you buy today?

Meanwhile, at the Hall of the Super Best Friends...

Let's go! 

Rob Schneider is a Carrot. Rated PG-13.

The following program is brought to you in spooky vision. Be warned: all scenes will be accompanied by pictures of Barbra Streisand. 

Welcome to the presentation ceremony for Faith Plus One.  And now to present the award, here's Michael Collins. 

It's the morning news, with Tom and Tammy Thompson. Colorado's top-rated brother-sister news team.

Well, Cheesy Poofs is looking for a kid to sing the happy Cheesy Poofs song. Watch for our talent van as it goes around the country.

L-later, at the Legion of Doom.

Tom and Mary, put on your cowboy hats, because you're going to beautiful South Park, Colorado! 

Captain Marsh races his boat to the last known location of the Japanese whalers. If he doesn't get there in time, hundreds of dolphins or whales could die.

Up next on HBC, the Russell Crowe Show!

It's a tie game here in Colorado as we get set to start the final period. Your attention, please: for this third and final period, the Detroit Red Wings will be playing... the Park County Pee Wee Hockey Team.

Now you can collect them all. Furrycat, Donkeytron, Pengin, Shoe, Lambtor. Collect them all, and you can become Royal Crown Chinpoko Master.

It's the morning news, with Tom and Tammy Thompson.

Coming this summer , it's the classic film that changed America. E.T.: The Extraterrestrial, the new, redone version for 2002.  All the E.T. effects have been digitally upgraded.  All the guns have been digitally changed to walkie-talkies. And the word "TERRORIST" has been changed to "HIPPIE."

Live, from our satellite studio in Colorado. This! ...is Dateline.

They're nasty.

Will Professor Chaos's latest plot succeed and be the final undoing of Earth?  And which boy has been chosen to be the replacement for Kenny?  And which of these six South Park residents was killed, and will never be seen again?  The answer to those questions will be answered... right now.  No.  Tweek.  Ms. Choksondik.

Rob Schneider is a Wall Street executive  With everything going for him.  Only problem is, he's about to become...  a carrot!

Hey kids!  Do you love Chinpokomon?

Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by for an important message from the president of your local cable company.

This is breaking news from CNN.

Quite please.

What happened?

Today, on Dr. Phil. The tragic story of a little boy whose mother constantly tries to fuck him.

And now, together at last, Iggy Azalea and Elvis. 

The race is half over and Tad is still out in the lead! 

And here they are, the most daredevil group of shared-ride drivers ever to whirl their wheels in the Wacky Races, competing for the title of the future of transportation. Cars are apporoaching the starting line. First off is the Lyft car , a ride-sharing company out of San Francisco. next up is the ZipCar, a pay-by-the-hour concept based on Chinese bicycles. Maneuvering for position is the standard taxicab driven by an angry Russian. Right behind is the Hummer salesman in his 2014 Hummer No Class. And there's ingenious inventor Elon Musk in his new Tesla D. Oh, and here's the lovely Canadian actress Neve Campbell in the Canadian conept vehicle The Queef, powered completely on female natural gas.  Next we have the Handicar with Timmy Burch. And there's the completely automated self-driving car from Japan. Limping along last are those double-dealing do-badders Dick Dasterdly and his sidekick Muttley.  And away they go on the way out Wacky Races.  And this live coverage of the event will be braodcast all morning, of course, on CNN.

That's another Special Olympics record!

We now return to the 42nd Annual Nobel Prize Awards. Here again your host, Whoopi Goldberg. 

Will those athletes in heat 1 of the hundred-meter dash please report to Track Area B.

Alright, Aspen-heh. As a special treat tonight we're proud to have the winner of today's race, Tad Mikowski. 

Today on the Maury Povich show, these poor unfortunate people  all have horrible disfigurements,  and you won't believe how we exploit them for your amusement! 

Dancers to the floor! 

Wow!

And the Cowboys are still set to kick off, but there doesn't seem to be anyone to kick off to.

We can't tell them, then they're, they're gonna think this is all our fault

We'll be back with more of the Jeffersons right after this.

And now, back to the Dog Whisperer.

Whose cafeteria food will win? These chefs are cooking their hearts out and bringing their A-game to serve the kids of this elementary school.  These kids have now been waiting over twelve hours for their lunch. Over at the prep station Jamie Oliver is crying again.

For the pat eight years Tesla has been the leading innovator in the world of automotive transport. And now the President and CEO of Tesla Motorcars, Elon Musk. 

It's the Terrance and Phillip Show.  Today's episode: I Fart Huckabees. 

Ma'am, we need to talk to your son, please! It's very urgent!

This is South Park News!

And here he is, Kenny McCormick!  We can watch him on the video monitors. How are you doin' in there, Kenny? 

From the creators of Der, and Tum Ta Tittaly Tum Ta Too, Rob Schneider is Da Derp Dee Derp Da Teetley Derpee Derpee Dumb. Rated PG-13.

The crab-fishing reality show was doing just fine. 

Which highway did they take??

The powder is fresh and the stage is set for Tad versus Stan on the K-13!

The Canadian car overtakes the self-driving car. And now here comes the ZipCar, which is being driven by Matthew McConaughey.

In the small mountain town of South Park, the holy prophet of the Mormon religion is trying to fly up the nose of a deadly female singer. 

This album is not available in stores and limited quantities are available, so order now!

That was great, Tommy. Tommy Fritz from Torrey Pines! He could be our winner.

Erectile dysfunction is a fact of life. You want to show her you love her, but you're old, and so is she.  The next time that special moment comes, don't let your sex drive fail you just because your wife looks like a shriveled prune. Fake it, with Cialis.  It won't make her any harder, but it will make you not care for up to three hours.  And then you can still have your own separate bathrub from her later on. 

And now, back to Terrance and Phillip. 

Don't miss out on this holiday season's biggest gift! Stop touching me, Elmo!

This is breaking news, from CNN! Or Fox or, whatever.  Fuck you.

And now back to Money Quest, on HBC.

Next on FOX News!  It's the newest drug craze. and it's killing your kids! 

Announcing the arrival of flight six seven three, from New York City. 

Uh huh, and Matthew, how come a transvestite donkey witch is standing next to you, and why is it wearing a dress? 

Live from Burbank, it's The Tonight Show, with Jay Leno. Tonight, Jay's special guests include: Washed-up Actress from a sitcom. And the comedy of Mrs. Crabtree. And now, here's your host, Jay Leno. 

Elmo also helps kids brush their teeth with his toothpaste dispenser. 

Waaiitt!  McNuggets has cast Punishing Fire, absorbing the Geistflame and dealing two damage to the opponent! Game, set and match, McNuggets!

The President of the United States... is a duck??  A duck is President and the whole country is goin' to the dogs.  Or whatever, the President is a dog.  Who cares? Coming June something. 

Well, now you can buy your very own! 

There's something for every generation to bring families together.

Ladies and Gentlemen, John Edward. 

Nuggets fans, please direct your attention to center court and the president of Halitosis Kidz. , who invite you to join the Denver Nuggets in the fight against morbid halitosis in children.  Here to attempt a three-point shot for adolescents with terminally bad breath is  the poster child for Halitosis Kidz, Stacy Muleburg.  And a good try. 

Live, from Oklahoma City!  Four million third-grade students  from all over the country  playing "My Country 'Tis Of Thee" on their recorders... "MY COUNTRY 'TIS OF THEE" special.

Now get ready for Jambu's next trick. 

Ladies and gentlemen!  Put your hands together for... Terrance! 

This, is a 9 News Special Report. RECESSION: A NATION IN PERIL

And so, in her career filled with lies, backstabbing, and whoring herself for money,  she learned that the price of fame can be pleasing 65 men at once in a dark, dirty alley.  And so ends "Punky Brewster, Behind The Blow."

And we're about out of time here in another scoreless Pee Wee hockey game.  And that's # 7, Stan Marsh, skating towards the goal, sort of, but h doesn't have the puck. 

Or could it be Ned?

Ladies and Gentlemen, give it up for JIMMY!  Thank you! Wow. What a terrific audience.  I know what most of you are thinking. "Hey, uh-that guy stole my show..."  Wow, what a great audience. And how about this Michael Jackson guy, huh? I mean, come on...  Wow, what a great audience.  Uh... l... lights, please? 

The Germans... The Japanese... The Yupik Eskimos of the Chukchee Peninsula

That's one coin. Can you collect more?  You've collected ten Canadian coins!  Congratulations!  Hey, you're really good at this, guy!

Meanwhile...

We're all set for the tipoff. 

Ladies and gentlemen, let's hear a round of applause for the new national champions of dodgeball, the South Park Cows! 

This is the final boarding announcement for Flight 342 to Denver.

It's got a dragon painted on the blade. This is the Sumatomi sword-

We're just seconds away from the start of the Denver 300. 

Ladies and Gentlemen, Aspen Mountain presents another ex-TREME racing showdown.  Seven-time World Aspen champion Tad Mikowski versus eight-year-old Stan Marsh!

Who is Eric Cartman's father? Is it - Chief Running Water?  Or is it - Chef? Is it Mephesto?  Or that little monkey guy that follows him around? Or is it Mr. Garrison?

Don't you say that! It was funny! It was really funny! We've just...  we've just gotta make this right ourselves.

And there's Handicar to pick Miss Applegate up. 

Now back to Good Eats.

The is CNN... N.

Here's  Booooobbb Denver. 

Welcome to the Three Feathers Comedy Club. Please put your hands together for Johnny Manymoons! 

And they've done it! They've scored 16 unanswered points in 15 seconds! 

Hello, everyone! The Guess Clothing Company is pleased to have as its new spokesperson model, a woman all you young ones can look up to, Ms. Paris Hilton. 

And now, Nabisco and Dolly Madison present, The Washington Redskins Go Fuck Yourself Holiday Special! 

The MTV Video Music Awards will be back with a performance from Yo Gabba Gabba's Foofa singing, "Pound My Sweet Strange."

It's Girls Gone Wild!  These girls will do anything! 

Reuben casts Silklash Spider. Silklash Spider can block as if it had Flying! And now he casts Geistflame, dealing one damage to McNuggets.

Up first, No. 24, Jack McMack!  Three, two, one. 

Gentlemen, start your engines! 

Not all people from Alabama are wife-beaters. 

And now, back to America's Stupidest Home Videos-

Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset comes with video camera, night-vision filter, play money, losable cellphone, and sixteen hits of ecstasy. :

Coming up next, it's Super Nanny! Where other nannies fail, Nanny Jo comes through. 

And now, back to Wild Animal World

Meanwhile, at the concert stage Jesus built with his power of super-carpentry...

Get ready for "Must Shit TV"! Starting now, four straight hours of pure shit! It's all live!

At a vary young age one young boy learned he had a special gift. This is "The Other Side." 

They're noisy.

...and the battle between Good and Evil is finally waged...

And featuring live commentary the entire show by CartmanBrah.

We're going around the country to find the kid who can sing the Cheesy Poofs song better than anybody.

When his wife asks him where he's been, just use the action button,  and Alabama Man busts her lip open.

Let her go! 

Wild Wacky Action Bike is almost impossible to steer. And it glows in the dark.

And now, back to Must Shit TV, here on HBC.

Do you or someone you know have a disfigurement or disability that we can exploit on the Maury Povish show? If so, call 1-555-HEY MAURY!

Look at this sword. Only on House Shopping Network. It has a dragon on the blade.  It's got a dragon painted right on the blade! You should buy the samurai sw-

"The Book of Mormon." You'll get a blowjob.

This week on Pay Per View , Krazy Kenny will crawl up into a woman's uterus and  stay there for six hours. Don't miss this once-in-a-lifetime event. Order now!

Coming, this summer!  It's the digitally-enhanced re-release of the very first pilot episode of South Park!  Yes, the classic, rough, hand-made first episode is getting a make-over for 2002!  The simple, funny aliens are now super-badass and kewl!  Flying saucer? No longer cheap construction paper, but a 4.0 megapixel constructed through a masterpiece of technology! Everything's new! New is better!

Live, from Chicago, Illinois, it's Decision 2008.

It's Britney Watch! Keeping you up-to-date with all your Britney Spears news!

In our last episode the four ninjas did battle with Professor Chaos, bringer of destruction and doom. It was during that great battle that ninja master Kenny threw his star into Professor Chaos' eye. Now the ninjas were in serious trouble, because their parents might find out they had weapons, if Professor Chaos told on them. While trying to get Professor Chaos some aid at the veterinarian's office, the four ninjas ran into Craig and his three friends. They challenged the four ninjas to fight, and the legendary battle of Tokutawa began. It was during this battle that Professor Chaos escaped, and so the four ninjas were forced to join forces with Craig and his friends to find Professor Chaos, or else they would all be grounded.

We don't know that!

Those Redskins

