Wait here a minute.  Behold! I am standing on your precious land! I've waited a long time for this! 

All right, here's the deal: Maybe you are on our side and maybe you aren't, but if you help us... we'll get you home.

I said shoot them!

Three countries in Asia and seven in Europe have already asked for our help in getting rid of their Peruvian flute bands. We will need every resource available to see this through.

I really thought you had me in Miami, but you just couldn't quite put the pieces together.

They're a Peruvian band that escaped. We must keep them contained.

Tomorrow you will be boarding ships...

All right, get the jets ready. I need to get to Machu Picchu.

We still don't know whose side you're on! You do this, and we'll know! You leave for Peru in the morning.

You see, for thousands of years horrid creatures have lived in the Guinea Valley of Peru. The Incas learned how to keep the creatures at bay: by playing pan flute music. Guinea creatures hate it even more than humans do. But the prophecy foretold that one day the creatures would be unleashed and I have made that happen! The Incas predicted the world would be saved... by Craig. But that part of the prophecy will not come true! For you will all die on this mountain! 

Peruvian flute bands will never stop annoying us  unless they are stopped at the source!

That was an order!  The pan flute bands were to be put on boats to Guantanamo last night!  I am still in charge here! I want those pan flute bands on the boats to Guantanamo!

There you will spend the rest of your lives.

Not Peruvian, retards, Peru! It's right here! 

If they are the hybrid we're talking about,  then they could be our way of taking out Peru once and for all.

Well however they came to be, they're about the only piece of good luck we've had. 

...which will take you to Guantanamo Bay.

Attention Peruvian flute bands:

I agree. They're obviously some kind of... hybrid.

Senator?

Let me talk to you guys out here.  Well what do you think?

Yes, I need to be taken to Machu Picchu! Have you lost your hearing?!

You're able to walk amongst the Peruvian flute bands. They see you as one of them. We are going to send you to their Capital.

What about the pan flute bands? Are they on their way to Guantanamo Bay?

The country is in the name!

See?  God damn it! 

The Llama Brothers: Tapas and Moodscapes.

And how are the efforts to contain all this going?

What of your prophecy now?! Nothing can stop me!  Craiiig!  No! How did you get here?!

Well think about it, idiot! Where else would "Peruvian" flute bands come from? 

You heartless bastard! This country was founded on beliefs in freedom and integrity! And we will not sit back and do nothing while less fortunate countries are ravaged by Peruvian flute bands! Is that clear?!  As director of Homeland Security, I am taking control of the military until the crisis is contained.

You don't have a choice! Either you go to Peru, or you get locked up forever with the other flute bands.

Ladies and gentlemen, our nation and our world is facing an economic and ecological crisis of disastrous proportions. I'm talking of course about Peruvian flute bands.  The red dots indicate where the highest concentrations of Peruvian flute bands are. All over the world, wherever there are tourists or shoppers, there are now, on average, 65 Peruvian flute bands per square kilometer. General?

Am I in charge or not?! 

Dargh, no!

Ah I'm sorry, I just thought of a funny joke.

Which tourist location were they playing at?

We appreciate your cooperation and patience.

Oh, I'm much more than that. Guinea bees, guinea rabbits, guineasaurus rexes, I am something much more evil!  Arrrgh.

Now I want a plan in place to take out Peru once and for all!

Right. You just play pan flute music at the mall and sell CDs of you with a llama, but you're not a Peruvian flute band.

Shoot them!

Oh, this is only the beginning, Davis, and I can't let you interfere.  Sorry my friend, but I've worked too hard to make all this happen. The pan flute bands are on their way to their deaths, the guinea pigs are rising, and the only person who could have stopped all this... is on his way to the middle of nowhere. 

Oh? And what might that be?

Damn you Craiiig! You just don't ever stop, do you?!

