Hey, look at this! There's about to be a big pimp convention, it looks like. I gotta get to that convention, Sally. I could learn all kinds of stuff for our company.

Yeah, we're makin' a bunch more money. I can't believe it either. 

Awww, you don't need to do that, AWESOM-O. Hey, I gotta put in my suppository.  Can you help me?

Towelie! We aren't the only ones in this intervention who've been hurt by you!

Oh, money... Rrright.  There you go. A five dollar bill, all for you. 

A-ha! I told you you should sit on it that way! I told you!

Ah, thank you, Ms. Choksondik!  I got a check. That's like a C!

Hah-hey, I wanna get revenge on my douchebag parents, too.

But... how come we can't just take the bus on into the city?

Oh, ah, I'm not a tourist. I'm a native Hawaiian. 

Hey you guys! We got a big problem! 

Nuh-nothing to be scared of. Jus, just some lightning and thunder.  Gah! Wasn't nothin' neither. J-just a mouse. 

We're playing the Terrance & Phillip Freemium Game.

So what's our mission now, huh Bosley? Uh wha what do you want us to do now, I wonder?

Jeez. Guess we kind of got put in our place, huh Ike?

Oh. Well, alright then. Well, see ya at home. 

Can I ask you something? When was the last time you went to your local DMV?

Ww-well, because he got crippled, but now he can move his finger. He is an inspiration to us all. That's why everyone ditched on your show.

You know, it's not my parents I'm worried about. It's my girlfriend, Carrie. Why, she lives in Michigan. But when she finds out about this, woooo smokey, is she gonna be sore! She might even break up with me. And it would serve me right, too.

Well you go ahead and relax, AWESOM-O. We've got another full day of pitching movies tomorrow.

Uhuh, they're gonna burn us up and act like nothin' happened. Oh, sweet Jesus, Mary, mother of Jesus, wife of Joseph, father to Mary, well- Wait. Mary, wife uh... Oh, hold on.

Eh now gosh darnit, fellas, my name's not Kenny! Kenny's dead.

Fellas, my underwear is so far up my buttcrack my legs are numb! 

PLEASE! Just go to Cartman's house. I think the answer might be within the-

Excellent, General Disarray! Now we can begin my most horrible evil plan yet to wreak havoc on humanity. 

But I gotta get back to my family.

This great game isn't about plays. It's about sportsmanship. And compassion. And when I look around this locker room, well I see some of the nicest, most compassionate guys I've ever met!  Well Token, you're nicer than anybody I know.  And Clyde! Well you give better hugs than anyone out on that field!

Well, we're here, now what do I do? 

Did you see that bush on that lady?? What the heck was that??

See, here he is. Future Butters. Future self, this is my good friend,-

Hey fellas. Would anyone like a coupon. We're offerin' two for one kisses today through Thursday.

Uh, my parents are makin' me wear this paper bag until I learn... to stop makin' silly faces all the time. They've really had it up to  here with me.

Hey fellers, fellas hang on. I've gotta go to the bathroom. 

Soon, all people will have to live like moles! They will love only to remember with sorrow how great the sun used to be! 

Oh, well, uh, my sort-of-girlfriend dressed me up like this.

Well, alright. Here's a little paper construction of Santa Claus.  "Ho ho ho, uh, there-a kid. Hu-uh, would you like some- t-hoys and stuff" Hah, and uh, here's a little Jesus.  "Hi there, Santa. I am the Light and the Way, and stuff."  "Uh, ho o-kay. That's good, I suppose." Huh, and here's the cutout versions of you guys. 

We came over to cheer you up, Stan!

I mean, havin' it all rhyme 'n stuff, you know?

Well, I guess we're never gonna get that list from the girls.

You must be nearing Union Square. Did you see a fountain to your left?

Oh Jeez.  Oh God, huh... Here we go.  I yelled at a midget.  I was, I was watching MTV andand this little person was singing a song, eh - I think her name was "Pink" - but I I didn't like the songs and so I yelled! "Hey, get off the TV you effing midget!"  And I, I was at Barnes & Noble with my mom, and while she was looking for a book I, I saw this picture of Jennifer Lawrence in a magazine. Um it and I, well, I cut the picture out of the magazine while no one was lookin'. Dirty whore! I took the picture home with me and I, and-I, I cut Jennifer Lawrence's mouth out with scissors and then I... well I put my wiener through the hole. I have no idea why!! How can I atone for it?! I already said the Pledge of Allegiance 50 times! And I sang "My Country Tis Of Thee" 100 times! And I watches "America's Got Talent" twice! What else can I do?

Of course. That's it, Butters! We had it wrong all the time!

Whoa, you sure seem with it, Eric. You must have some... ih-inspiration.

Cool!  That was the most perfect throw I've ever seen.

Oh well, sure, uh he's the bringer of destruction and evil!

Oh, hey Dougie.  Oh I mean, my name is Professor Chaos.

Uh, I guess you're probably a little surprised to see me.

Well first, he went to see a movie.

Now gosh darnit, my name's not Kenny! Kenny's dead, and you're all gonna have to learn to deal with it!

Well, how come we've gotta come all the way out here?

It ain't right to take advantage of somebody no matter who they are! 

Oh, well-l-l, uh, I'm the mec-hanic, I guess. Woh-what seems to be the problem?

I'm really psyched! Yeah! Yeah let's do this alright?! I'm pumped I'm psyched! Alright. Yeah.

When we were playing with the Oculus headset. Wuh don't you guys remember?  We were all messin' around with it. I played with it first, and, and went a little nuts. Uh I forgot I was in virtual reality and I got grounded, and now I'm grounded in real life.

Yeah! I believe I know what you are saying!

How much more of this am I supposed to clear up?

I said what what? In the butt
I said what what? In the butt
I said what what? In the butt 
I said what what? In the butt
You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt?
You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt?
You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? 
Let's do it in the butt. O-kay!
It's okay
Ih-if you have a little fight
Don't you worry
I won't bite (Not that hard)
If you want it
I'll give you power
Just be gentle
I'm delicate like a flower
Give it to me, if you please
Give it to me, if you please

Oh dear God, they're gonna set us on fire. Uhoh, great Jesus, son of Mary, wife of Joseph, what are we gonna do, huh? Huhoh, sweet Joseph, husband of Mary but not father of sweet Jesus-

Yeah. I could use some God-damned poontang myself right now. Have you ever been to Bennigan's, Mister? Oh, it sure is great. I'm goin' to Bennigan's tomorrow night with my family. Oh, I can just see it now.  We'll walk in the front doors,  and the nice Bennigan's hostess lady will take us to our cozy booth  Then we'll order some mozzarella sticks, for appetizers.  Dad will open his present, and Mom will open hers  Uh then the Bennigan's wait staff will sing
Happy Happy Anniversary from everyone at Bennigan's
''
Happy Happy Anniversary-eh from everyone at Bennigan's
Happy Happy Anniversary from everyone at Bennigan's
Happy Ha- Whoa, are we stoppin' for sodas? Hey, can I have chocolate milk?  He must like TGI Fridays.

Helll- Uh all right. All right, I'll help you!

Still no celebrities, Eric. Uhn, I'll keep my eyes open.

Get back! For real, stay back! Hwa! Heah! The body of Christ compels you! The body of Christ compels you!  Hwaaaahh!

N'aw geez! Now I'm gonna get grounded, too.

You're not the towel you used to be.  Where, as you used to be fluffy and absorbent, ye-you now are crusty and.... and unable to absorb the smallest amount of water. Will you get help today?

Huh-I can't whistle if I eat too many crackers.

The Geniuses are performing the Toran Ra. It's future stuff.

When Cartman is playing all alone in his backyard, he likes to dress up like Britney Spears and pretend he's her! He sings and dances around with a life-sized cutout of Justin Timberlake.

The next key to a successful business is "innovation." I think maybe we need to understand that some boys simply can't afford the five dollars for a kiss, so what if we start also charging just two dollars for a hug?

Well, I know lying's bad, Dad. Y-you told me so.

Wuh hey now, they do too! Uh, my mom and dad - love me even if I am fat.

Oh jeez. Unh I don't know if I can really go through with this.

Ho-old on a minute, guys, I've changed my mind. I don't wanna go.

You said they wouldn't notice we were gone. You promised. 

Uhh, excuse me. uh ma'am, can I borrow that?  Biggie Smalls Biggie Smalls Biggie Smalls. 

Yes. Look around for your precious eraser. You won't find it. That eraser's in my back yard, buried three feet below the surface of the earth.  And do you even suspect me?? No! Now we shall all see how you all like your dear chalkboard without an eraser.  And information, it just keeps pilin' up and pilin' up, until your minuscule brains can take it no longer! 

Thanks, Dad! Ah I'm sorry I was bad-

Sorry Dad, I was just bein' the voice of a generation. 

Nah, I ate on the plane. And AWESOM-O is a robot, so he don't need to eat.

Follow me back home, Stan. It's time I let you in on a horrible s-secret! 

Gee whiz, it was like almost up to her belly button!

Oh hey Eric and Kenny. You guys don't have costumes?

Hey, what are we gonna do, huh?! Ughuh uh they shot at us! They really shot at us! They, they ain't gonna stop until we're all dead, I betcha. Huh us and all our families.

Hehehe. Hey, nice... nice ears, haha. Pizza Face! 

I think I'd make a really good ninja.  Jeez, those guys never let me play with them. Uh, they just shun me all the time. 

So... so it was just... it was... just my ima... magination then?

Well, 'cause our lives sucked back home! We had all these rules and homework.

Yep! I am founder and head CEO of the Butters Kissing Company. Just look at this. 

Wuh, no, I'm not sure. Uh-I'm not sure at all. Wha-what am I doin' again?

But I'm the only one down here. What am I supposed to repopulate with?

Ooo, look at him go, Stanning his ground!

They did that on the Simpsons! Ha! Treehouse of Horror! Episode 4F02! The Genesis tub. Lisa loses a tooth, and the bacteria on it start to grow, and makes a little society, and they build a statue of her thinking she's God! Ha! Hahaha!

Hey, who's droppin' bombs in there?! How about a courtesy flush?!

It's an almond M&M. Ah-I'm very allergic to almonds. Heey, just leave me alone.

Ah, I'm sorry. The car just rolled into the lake, and it floated all the way down the river. I tried callin' home, but it was-

Wizard Cartman! I have news from the Internet, my lord! 

How many survivors are there? You should all come down here.

Yeah. And their own sprinkler system. You don't think you're rich? 

That's what I said. I told everyone outside, "Cartman ain't scared of fightin' Wendy! He'd do it if he could!"

Right.  Uh hello? Is this Mr. Thompson with Anatomy Research? ...Yes, uh, hello sir. Uh, aah, we have a surplus of unborn fetuses that we think you can use for a ...dissection study. Uh huh, ah, how much do you pay for that? ...You're breaking my balls. ...I said, you're breaking my balls, Mr. Thompson. ...My, my balls.

Oh. Alright then. Nothing to do now but watch the world die!  Boy, this sure is takin' a long time.

Oh, sweet Jesus. Uh, what do I do?

Well what the heck do we do now?

Hey there, Mr. Wiener, whattaya know? Do ya need to tinkle tinkle?  Yes I do think so.

Well, I'm just a typical little girl. I like dancin' and ponies. a-and  getting my snootch pounded on Friday night.

I'm obsessed with wieners? Well what about HBO?

Not long now, General Disarray, and... our horrible plan will be complete.

Yeah, heh.  If you got beat up by a girl, everyone would think you were a faggot. 

Huh... a ring that says you'll be together but not have sex... Isn't that called a wedding ring? 

Well, it's kind of about love and betrayal! The inner workings of the human mind!

What do you guys wanna do first? I hear they have a new inner tube slide.

Ehe, and so then, Skeletor told Terminator he wanted a divorce, and apparently it's all gonna be finalized soon.

He did? Hawww, heck. I thought I was bein' original.

Fifty?? Uh, can't we just use the same one every day?

Nothing can stop me, and my pride, in Mother Meheeco!

You know, Professor Chaos, bringer of destruction and disorder!

Wow, a ski trip with my new best buddies!  Oh, I'm all sticky. 

Oh what's the point, Mom?! What's the point of life anyway?! All you do is yell at me! And the government... wuh, which is led by fascists, and everyone's a Justin Bieber wannabe. I wanna go and drive a Hummer, that's what I wanna do! I wanna drive a car that goes, that goes rawr rawr rawrawrawr!

The graphics are definitely like 10% better than the old XBox.

You know, Christopher Reeve, the guy who played Superman.

Uh, me?? Huh, what the heck am I supposed to say?

Stand back! I had a... great time tonight, but I gotta do what I was sent here to do! 

Two weeks ago. It used to be a Banaaana Repuuubliiic.

Uh-uh oh, no E-eric, you're, why you're a great player.

The time for fun and games is over, feeble-minded fools! 

NO! Black Friday is about to happen, and my friends and I have to be the first ones inside the mall to get XBoxes!

The precious videotape. L-let the Butters see it.

Well it's a really great game. The characters are so rich.

Loo looloo loo loo loo loo, Loo looloo loo loo.

Eric and Jimmy came up with the funniest joke ever.

Come on Wendy, you should be puttin' that mouth to work.

Yeah. My future self has a bad kidney from all the drinkin' he did in high school.  I need to learn to behave myself!  Hey! Where are you going, Stan? 

Yeah! And if Cartman ever messes with me again, I'm gonna show that video to everybody! Then I'll have my revenge, boy howdy!

Me and Ike, well, we've been talkin' and, well guys, we really had it pretty good back in America. I mean, sure, it's easy to think our lives are boring and full of rules, but a lot of people have it way worse. The pirate's life isn't a life of fun and adventure, it's a life of hardship and suffering. When you get down to it, well we were pretty lucky to have the lives we did. 

This is illegal. We could get arrested.  Oh Jesus!

I'm sorry, Eric, but there's just one thing I gotta do real quick. 

I like that boom boom pow
Them chicks be jackin my style
They try and copy my swagger
I'm on that next shit now
I'm so 2008You so 2000 and late
I got that boom boom boom
That future boom boom boom
Let me get it now

Hey, you know? Eric is right. Maybe we should form a 99% club.

Well, how about we get panda bears and we have them dance around with us?

Um come on, Towelie, it's, it's right over here.

I got the balloon, Coach Marsh. Er, what should I do with it?

I don't think we're supposed to go in there, Stan. Maybe we should go adventurin' somewhere else.

Can I have something to eat? Well, I'm pretty hungry.

You take away the biggest part of me.  Woo-oo-ooooo-oo-oo, uh baby please don't go.  Woo-oo-ooooo-oo-oo, I just had to find my say to you tan...

Yes sir.  Jeez. Nobody will even listen to me. It's like nobody even cares if there's vampires at the school. I try to help and all I ever do is get hollered at. I bet vampires never get hollered at. Vampires just get to do whatever they want. 

Hey Stan, I have a note for you.

That does it, you hear me?! I am through with all of you! No more Postman Butters, No more Inspector Butters, no more Porn Star Butters, no more Professor Chaos, and no more-  Waaahh! 

I don't suppose it is, but I don't give a darn!

Now just hold on a minute! Well I'm pretty darned sure the fastest way back to Colorado isn't on horseback!

I, am Mantequilla, the last of the Meheecans.

Yeah. And boy, are they gonna uh let me have it! Just wait till my father gets here!

I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali. Uhh, yeah, I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali. Uhh-

Well this costume was supposed to be for the Easter musical, fellas, not for tryin' to make an easy buck! 

Well yeah ah, I saw you pissing in my face.

You know, those drone thingies. You can make it fly anywhere and shoot video and stuff.

All my amigos are there, waitin' for me.

Hey, hey sweetie, I was thinking tonight you could come over and we could watch The Exorcist on DVD.

Oh. Heh, I got a loose tooth right here. 

Ha-a-a. No hurtses the Butters.  We will show you the way. Yesss. This way it is. 

Oh boy! My robot gets to come with me to see Aunt Nellie?!

What happened is that I became a man! I'm sorry I'm not your little buddy anymore, but there's a time people have to grow up!  Do you know what I am saying?! 

Do you think Stan has a chance?  Uh go Stan! 

Nno Grandma, knock it off! No! Stop it! 

You're the Parental Revenge Center of Western America??

Uh no sir, we just really need to know about the dragons, but they never seem to show up.

Yeah, we can do it, fellas! It'll be like old times!

...but that He loved us and sent His Only Son to be the satisfaction of our sins. Neato!

Hey, yeah. Uh why I could say I saw celebrities even though I didn't, a-a-and then lie about what I saw them doing.

Wa-I'm, Wa-I'm sorry, ma'am. I'd like to be your boyfriend and all, uh even though you have kind of a big nose, but my parents told me, "never get into a car with a stranger."

Oh no! I'm not sneakin' out! I'll get in trouble!

How come you slapped my face, Stan, huh? Why uhwhy on earth would you do that, anyways?

Wow, look at this, Stan.  "Are you sick of your parents? Do you want revenge for something they've done to you? Call the Parental Revenge Center of Western America for a free con-sul-ta-tion. Results guaranteed."

Uhhhh, it's two kids who want to know what happens when the dragons show up?  Hello?

Yeah, come on, Kyle, I'm not the only person who's peed in the pool. Lots of people do.

Well, I'm just having some fun with my girlfriends.

Why, that's Bridon Gueermo. He's just a third grader, but he can sing and dance better than anybody.

Hey there have you heard about my robot friend?
He's metal and small and doesn't judge me at all.
He's a cyber, wired bundle of joy.
My robot friend.
I like to dip and daddle with my robot friend.
He's smart as can be and emotion-free
And he's computed his way to my heart.
My robot friend.
My robot friend.
My robot friend.
My robot... friend.

Oh, sorry, I can't.  They're gonna say "shit" on Cop Drama, and my mom and dad say I have to watch it with them so that I don't take it the wrong way.

Trapped inside the darkness of my mind.
I try to break free. The words are so unkind.

Oh.Yeah, actually, they did say that'd be all right.

Hi Mom.  -a castaway, forced to live his life out in solitude.  And it's because of times like these I was forced to a life of evil.  Society cast me out, and so I vowed to make them all pay! And pay they did! Nobody knows that beneath this sweet eight-year-old little boy lies the most evil, the most destructive super-villain of all time!  Professor Chaos!  Let's see how you like dealing with me, ninjas! 

Dahhh.  I know now what I have to do!  Myah!

Aw gee, thah-at sounds swell, fellas, but I can't go 'cause I'm still havin' behavioral problems.

Sorry, Eric, but I am a vampire now, and I can no longer survive on human food. And if someone must die so that I can feed, I choose thee.  Hm, wonder which side I'm supposed to do it on, hm. Probably doesn't matter. 

Hey, uh, you guys here what happened last night? Mrs. Streible's house got covered with toilet paper.

Oh Jeez, he said "ass" to his parents.

Hello?? Hey Government... It's me... Butters. Ah I just wanna say, well, well, thanks for watching over me and, and doin' everything you do. ...An and please watch over Mommy, and Daddy, ah an and my friends Stan and Kyle, Craig and Token, and and even ol' Eric Cartman. Uh I know he can be a meanie sometimes, but please watch over him too. Goodnight, Government.  Oh yeah.  Ah, and thank you, President Obama, for, for making me feel so safe and looked after. And if it wouldn't be... too much trouble...  I'd really like to get a puppy for Christmas this year.  'Night, Government. 

I told you, we can't go to my house!

I sure did. We'll have those poor baby cows in shape in no time!

Dad, uh, why don't you suck my fat one?

Wow... Eric, I can never thank you enough for everything you've done for me.

Oh man, now our friend Kenny's tryin' to break the windshield. Ain't that just gay as hell? 

I am going to my room now! For I must slumber, per se. 

Well, there's only like four races to choose from-

But, buut, but but what hey! Wait a minute! 

Wowee! Hey, can I play, ninjas with you?

Boy, I'm so glad I proved I'm a good Meheecan! Hey, maybe next time I can be team leader!

Yeah, I know, but uhhh, I think I would make a really good vampire if you just, well, just give me the opportunity.

Stan and Kyle! They're about to break a million on Guitar Hero, and unlock superstardom! 

I have to eat! But I can't do it. I'm getting weak.

Hi, Mercedes. It's me, Lexus's boyfriend. I brought my parents over to meet her.

I called the networks that are putting this smut out there, and you know what they told me?! They told me if I didn't want my parents watchin', then I should spend more time with them! Like it's my fault!

Juggernaut! There is to be an Ultimate Smackdown this Saturday! Are you going to run from that as well?

Aww, come on. Kenny knows how dangerous cheesing is.

It's true! Ask anybody in fifth grade. Tammy Warner is a total slut!

Good! Then l-let us take my machine outside and make society finally pay for sh-shunning us!

I don't know. But it wasn't the movie theater at the mall. No, it was that, really old theater downtown. The Studcat.  I didn't know it was open. 

I think you gotta press the gas pedal.

Look! Look! I've made the news! I-I've wreaked havoc!

Uh, and after my parents get angry, uh how do we get the poop off the walls?

Hello? Is this George R. R. Martin's house?

Teacher, my partner is back on the bus! 

So there I was, just yards away from the American border. All my amigos made it across, but I became lost in the woods. If the Whipples hadn't come along, I might have froze to death. But I'm not giving up, for I, am Mantequilla! 

Please! Ah I don't want to live with her! She snores real bad, and she has a huge nose, and a squishy thing that lives in her pants! Please! Please don't sell me to her! 

Oh Geez, ah, I'm gonna get it now

Boy oh boy, Eric, you've got a lot to atone for.

Ma'am, can I, can I just use your phone?

Th-that's it, Eric. We have to be gettin' back!

This whole time! I wonder if my future self knows anything about this?  Hey, maybe my future self remembers this happening, a-and can shed some light on this subject.

Hey fellers! Fellers, do you like gettin' kisses? 'Cause I know a girl that'll give you a great kiss for just five dollars!

Aaahhh well, aaahmm, ...I guess they call me uh, Chinball Boy, and uh, Ballchin Boy, nnnd when I, when I'm walkin' they'll say, "Hey, there goes Chinballs!" 

And that's... three thousand dollars today for Charise. 

Uh-wait. I thought... yoyou said we needed him because he has the "Mission Impossible Breaking and Entering playset."

Then I can go home and tell my mommy and daddy I'm not really dead?

"You agree that Apple may charge your credit card or Paypal account for any products purchased in the iTunes store."

I can't  I can't breathe too good. Eric, I can't see. Are you still there? Oh... I think I overdid it. I have to take this thing off. What the hell? What the hell is that?! AAAH!

Yeah, but lockin' Kyle in a meat freezer? I mean, he could die.

One box of Italian passports. One necklace, gold. Three crewmember watches.

I know how you like Legos. Happy birthday!

Well, buh wuh when we pull our pants down,  should we stand frontways or back? I mean, do we show 'er our... behinds, or-ar our w-wieners?

Huh, it somehow loses its punch after multiple viewings.

Nope, uh I don't see any...  Oh wait. Oh my God! I see it. I see it! It's a meteor! Oh my God!

Well, sure, but my robot is bringin' them in.

You know that big statue in the town square of pioneer John Wesley Powell? I snuck over there with a hacksaw and uh, and I cut off his head!  Hahahahaa, yeah!

Two billion, three hundred and thirty one million dollars.

It is almost ...complete. The creation of my minions who will assist me in bringing terror to the world.  There we go.  Ye-ess, my minions of, of chaos.  Shhh. Night now, night now my lovelies. Your time to bring dest-struction will come very soon.  Aaahhh!

Hoh. Sorry, Miss Fairy. I didn't mean to gaze at you. I'm back to sleep now, see? 

Oh, ah, well, he knew you'd say that, so, he told me to tell you that you don't wanna miss this.

Whoa. I think this is a bad idea, fellas. I feel woozy.

Eric, are you sure this is a good idea?

Hi there. My name is Butters. This sure is a nice convention, huh? Yeah, I'm just starting out. I really came last minute 'cause I was hoping to learn more about being a successful pimp.

But he's playing Spaceman right now. Huh. Hey, Craig! 

Yeah, well, three hundred gallons of poop isn't gonna smell like a garden.

Hey now! Me and us fellers were just asking questions!

Well, sure, u-uh I'm a team player-uh, I guess.

This is for all the times I got grounded! 

Mm-my cousin's in Florida, and said kids in their school get high off of cat pee.

Simple, my dear general.  We are going to block out the sun!

Well, how do other people make money on the Internet?

I've done it, General Disarray. I've watches all one hundred and thirty-two episodes of the Simpsons, twice. And I've finally come up with something... tha they have never done! Uh, behold!  This device that I have made will take the cherries out of chocolate-covered cherries and replace the inside instead, with two-month-old mayonnaise.  People will think that they are gonna get a bite of a sweet, delicious cherry, but, instead, they'll get a mouth full of yuckies, and sticky mayonnaise. Hey!  You've never ...seen this on the Simpsons, right?

Huh, well, I'm just standin' around bein' a kid. Why? How come you're all wearing those spooky spaceman masks?

Hey, uh, what are you doin'?? Ha-I'm ready to give myself to Mr. Elway.

I hope it's not too bloody; I'm wearin' my favorite pants.

Bring the World Cup to South Park so the... a huge soccer riot can destroy the-

What?! You mean you guys still plan on Faith Hilling after what we just saw?

Oh, you can walk there. Trust me, you've gotta go to the DMV. It's incredible! See, I was like you once. Afraid, unsure, and doin' stuff I shouldn't do like showin' people pictures of little girls with their heads on fire. But you know what I've learned? That just goin' to the DMV, and letting go of all my wrongdoings, filled me with a joy I've felt nowhere else! Would you like to read some DMV literature?  This'll tell you most of what you need to know about the DMV. But just go. Everyone there is really nice. Your government is watching you and your government wants you to be happy. Have a nice day! 

Aw. hamburgers, this just keeps on gettin' worse. 

Kyle, every boy pays for kisses. Do you know what I am saying? If you've got a girl, and she kisses you, sooner or later you're paying for it. You've gotta take her out to lunch, take her to a movie, and then spend time listenin' to all her stupid problems. Look, look at Stan right there.  He's gotta sit there and listen to her stupid motherfuckin' problems 'cause she kisses him. If you ask me, that's a lot more than the five dollars my company charges.

Well yeah, but I just don't quite understand what you're fixin'.

Did you hear that, Eric? See? You are really stupid.

Well, there's this ghost, see? Only it probably isn't a ghost, ih-it's just a delusion brought on by my trauma. Well I'm supposed to heh, help him, find out why his spirit is wanderin' the Earth, even though I know that I'm most likely just completely insane.

I can't go anywhere, fellas. I've been grounded for havin' liposuction... surgery. 

Fine! Then maybe I'll just forget about destroying the town and just run away and join the circus! 

Whe-where as Giant Douche is just, well, ju-just a, ju-ju-just a giant douche.

Well... how do you know you're not supposed to go to... you know... Heck.

Well I won't do it, you hear me?! I'm not licking anybody's... testes!

Oh, that's cool.  Well come on, Eric, we need to catch up with everyone.

I'm glad I found ya. I think I know the perfect anniversary present for Mom. But what are you doin' with your wiener out there, Dad?

Oh God, uh... but my parents always told me, "If you do somethin' horrible, then you have to admit it to your protector, so that you can have forgiveness." Are these people nice?

But you said to take your money so I took it by  Ah I don't know.

I gotta do this! I gotta know what it feels like!

Uh, yeah, Dr. Janus, I wanted to give you something. You remember how you told me if I got myself on video it might help me with my problem?

Uh uh I can't freak strike, fellas. Ah-, I'm grounded.

Mom, Dad! I'm not the ugliest kid in the class! Kyle Broflovski is!

We need to get all the kids together who wanna fight back and tell them to meet after school! We will forever remember this day, the day we finally stood up to Wendy Testaburger!

Listen, buddy! You promised that pizzas were on the way! If they don't show up right now, you're gonna have a dead kid in your hands! Do you hear me?!

Oh, boy! Finally I get to see it!

Hehey, fellas. I'm glad you called me. There was a pie-eating contest down at the firehouse, and I thought we should all go.

Yeah, but he's still better than you, Butters.

She wants to see me again! My Raisins girl said she wants to see me again!

Wah!  Smurfkiller!  Answer for your crimes on the Morning Announcements!

Uh but, then, why does his face look like that? 

Not yet, but as soon as I'm not grounded anymore, I'm hopin' to meet Kim Kardashian. I wanna jump on her belly.

Well, I don't want to, Lexus, but my stupid friends wanna go.

Hey y-yeah. W-w-we can't let those little baby cows down. Why, they've got no one else to turn to.

The school and all the kids.  I still can't hear any sound except for your voice.

I'm scared, but I know my country needs me.

You... you, you mean ih...  I'm not grounded?

Oh, you mean like the time you washed my mouth out with soap for sayin' "nutsack" in front of Grandma. Yeah, I need to behave myself.

I know. It's messin' with my head so hard.

But it's the greatest movie I have ever seen. You guys were right. Lord of the Rings is awesome. Eh, you have to let me finish watching it.

Oh he'll know. You can hear it take off.

Wow, neat-o, a competition? Why, I'd love to. What kind of competition is it?

No! I really don't have a babysitter. That's why I'm stayin' at Stan's.

But, but fellas, if I, if I dress up like a dog with a star in my eye, I- I'm gonna get grounded.

Well, well, you know, the preacher says that before your soul can be at peace, sometimes, you have to atone for something bad you did.

Well, studying is the golden key to the imposing door of success.

Oh. Well we operate on a sixty-forty split here. Bitches have access to Medicare and now, low-income housing loans.

Simple, my dear general. We are going to tear down the Earth's precious atmosphere! Oh yes! My latest plan will melt the polar ice caps, a-and burn all the world with the, with the... hu- sun's harmful rays!  Say goodbye to your... precious ozone and hello to chaos!  Okay, hand me another one, General Disarray. 

Look, eh, Eric, I've been thinkin', my parents are gonna be awful sore and I don't think-

It was long. We had a three-hour delay... departin' Denver, but we're here!

But fellas, if I get fat my parents will ground me.

Hey, a new paint brush. That's what Dad could get Mom for their anniversary. I gotta go tell him. 

I finally found a ladder and I was able to hoist myself out and there was my dad... frozen in the lake! It was like he had no idea how to swim out of it! Oh God it was so terrible! It was so terrible!

Oh.  Oh good. You're a survivor, like me. Look, Mr. Dog, another survivor. And it's a lady, too. That means we can repopulate the earth. Yippee!

Boy, I sure hope they don't find lice in my hair.

Grandma? I did it, Grandma.  I finally stood up for myself. I got real mean and I beat the shnozz our of Dr. Oz.  I can't lie, it felt kind of good.  At first. But since then all I have is just... a kind of dark, empty feeling. Then I realized... that's how you must feel. All the time.  Poor old Grandma. You know, I've I've been gettin' lots of advice how to deal with you. Stand up to you, tell on you... But I kind of realize there's just people like you out there. All over the place. When you're a kid, things seem like they're gonna last forever. But they're not. Life changes. Why you won't always be around. Someday you're gonna die.  Someday pretty soon.  And when you're layin' in that hospital bed, with tubes up your nose, and that little pan under your butt to pee in, well I'll come visit ya. I'll come just to show you that, that I'm still alive and I'm still happy. And you'll die. Bein' nothin' but you.  'Night Grandma. 

Boy Eric, I sure do admire your courage to admit when you made a mistake.

Wait a minute! You're supposed to poop on the toilet facing out?  But I thought you sit on the toilet this way.  So that you have that nice little shelf for your comics and chocolate milk? Well, because you got the flusher right here. No?  Oh jeez, that's embarrassing.

They did it!  They figured it out!  Whoopie!

Oh, alright then.  Uh, show 'em where it is.

I'm a bad bear. I'm a very bad old bear.

I do?? Uh. Oh. I, I mean, yeah-ah I do. Uh. Yeah, the kids at school make fun of me for that.

...Well ah, I'm happy you're alive too, Mom. So now can we go to Bennigan's?

Well, alright men. Here, here I come.  I'm ready to take one for the team. 

Awww, I'm the key? Could I not be the key, Morpheus? I don't wanna be the key.

Sir, all of the students already know who the 1% is.

Sure! Senator Morris gets kisses every day at lunchtime. You know where he likes to get kissed?

Towelie, I gotta take you somewhere really important!

Ugh.  Kenny, there's a vampire on the loose. He and Katie Gelson was hanging out with him, and now she's a vampire too!

Uh but the next commercials will be on soon.

Four days? Oh, I don't know how I'm gonna wait that long!

All right AWESOM-O, time for us to get some sleep.  Hey, you want me to teach you some bedtime songs? If you leave me now, you'll take away the biggest part of me. Ooo-oo-oooo-oo-oo...

Geh-General Disarray, can I ask you a scientific question?

I've got the whole thing on tape! Even him making out with the Justin Timberlake cutout!

What the heck?  Whoa! What a huge package!  "To Butters Stotch."  Oh boy! It's for me! It's for me!  Who is it from? "Sent from: Japan. Konichi-wa."  Wow! A package for me from Japan!!  Wow, what can it be? My birthday isn't until September 11.  Oh boy! I've never gotten a package this big! I've always wanted to have a huge package. 

I just hold on to all the money, 'cause bitches can't be trusted with it. We pool all the kissing money together, see? But if you wanna buy anything, you just talk to the bottom bitch , and then the bottom bitch talks to me. Alright, see you after school!  Do you know what I am saying?

Eric. Hey Eric.  Eric, wha-what's goin' on? Everyone is startin' to say you got detention on purpose to get out of fightin' Wendy.

Ah, okay uh, I think I'm done, Eric. Ah I'm feeling kind of dizzy and uh- 

Eric, I-I'm pretty sure you shouldn't say the F-word about-uh Jesus.

Why would you turn "Craig's mom's bush" into a music video starring us?!

I'm so hungry, but just, just remembering how that blood tasted before ju- blood is all clammy and tomato-y. It makes me wanna... 

Stan and Kyle are really good at it.

Aw Jeez, Jeez Louise! My mom is gonna be awful sore when she sees this mess! Now AWESOM-O, that is a bad robot! You can't do no chores for me unless I tell you to do them! You got it?!

Aw, I can't stop the Chinese tonight, Eric, uh I'm supposed to make a model car with my dad.

It has to be, Eric.  Eric, where are you going?

No, Trent, I-I ain't gonna run. We can talk this through.

Well why didn't you tell me the Simpsons already did that?

You don't know how hard it is to be me. 

Well, you know, we bring someone on, show her what to do, and then share all our money together.

Uh... yeah, pretty much, I think, think so.

Well you guys have already got me in Dutch for gettin' fat, and then I got in double-Dutch for... havin' liposuction, and now you're askin' me to be in triple Dutch?!  Huh-uh! I'll never be that Dutch!

I don't want all these drones everywhere! Nobody does!

Yep. He went in there and wrestled with all kinds o' guys. He wasn't too good, though. This one black guy had him pinned down for fifteen minutes straight!

Oh please, i-if it weren't for him I couldn't have come.

Ye- yeah, that, that's pretty good. Get it up there good and deep.

Goth kids burned down the Hot Topic, and sure enough, soon as they did I tried eatin' a hot dog and it tasted good. My vampire teeth even fell out when I bit into it. I'm human again!

You think I care about that? My writing got the most beautiful woman in the world killed! I loved her! And if she died it was because of me!

Is it true? Do Germans wanna kill us?

Aw, gee whiz, yih, yo, you promise my mom and dad won't find out?

I'm a lost soul. A dark lonely shadow of a person-

Mom, Dad, you gotta open the door right now! You've gotta open it-  Oh, hey! Trent Boyett Gosh I... haven't seen you in a while.

Nu-noo, not yet. I've been standin' out in front of the school for about ...two hours now and ah, and I haven't seen any celebrities. Uh, about thirty minutes ago I thought I saw Sigourney Weaver, but ih-ih-turn- it turns out it was a dead horse.

I'm a wereprechaun. You know, a leprechaun that's been bitten by a werewolf. And Jimmy's Gangnam Style.

Uhuh, you uh really oughta play, Stan. It's an awfully fun game. Ah I've never been to England, but uh I'll bet the people there are really nice.  Are people nice in England, Pip? I bet they are, huh?  They got those thick noses and all.

Yeah, just about a week now. I have four girls at the moment, but I feel like I could be doing a better job.

Uh because! Uh my parents are out of town, and I don't have a babysitter.

...Uuhh, I think Clyde is the next-fattest uh-kid.

Uh, so you mean we can stay friends, Stan? Wouldn't that be swell, huh?

Hoho! Mom, Dad, I dreamt I was in Imaginationland and, and terrorists attacked it.

Well, I heard that 9/11 was caused by President Bush.

But what about everyone else? I have to tell my parents so they can come here, too.

We should get back to Pioneer Village, that's what we should do!

Maybe not.  Did you say you're trying to get rid of the vampires?  I want to help you.

Yeah. Whattaya think President Obama means when he says that?

Do you guys smell that? It smells bad out here, too. I'm starting to think this whole town smells like doodoo.

Jeez, we're out of finished burgers again, Eric. We need more.

I am prepared.  Hoh, jeez, eh it sure got cold in here.

For family fun and great food, too, come on down to... Bennigan's
Buffalo wings and fried food, cokes, and Foster Farms at... Bennigan's
Uhuh, hello?
So come and eat at...

I just uh... well I don't know if I should be helping you make Kyle look silly.

Uh, that modeling glue is making me dizzy.

Well if you ask me, the only good haole is a dead haole! With a, with a stick up his butthole, and his wiener cut off! Rraahhhh!

Well... how do you know you're supposed to go to Heaven?

And so them my friend started hollerin' at me, sayin' "you took my rubber bands." Well, I didn't take 'em, Craig, did. I saw Craig take 'em. Anyway, boy, I sure am lucky you came along, Mister.

Mom, Mom, I gotta tell you somethin'! You're not gonna believe it!

Jeez, uh cops are looking for us everywhere.

You guys! I think our Raisins girl likes me. She, she touched my back when she walked away. Did you see that?

I watch their show all the time. And, they take volunteers.

Lu lu lu I've got some space flight. Lu lu lu space flights seem old... Lu lu lu-

Well I'm sorry. Well it's just that I'm not Jewish, and now th-

Hello sir. Postman Butters with a special delivery for you. 

Our teacher said we have to hold hands the whole time we're here!

Yeah, Stan. Didn't you hear Jesus did all his miracles on drugs?

Prepare, O little town! Uh prepare for the greatest supervillain you've ever seen! Professor Chaos! 

Ah I think she's a nice girl too. She's just too big for me.

Well ah, that's good. Good luck being their new friend, Tweek. I hope you'll do better than me. Well, see ya fellas. 

There you go. You're back on the track.

Oh yes! I have plotted for weeks, and figured that if we build a huge ...wooden shade eighty feet high, a-and fifty feet wide , precisely on this hill, South Park ...will forever be cast in a great shadow.

Me, I just... Well I just can't stop thinking about bush.

Wuh you mean the sha-sushi restaurant? Ih-it's right over there.

And when that other team tries to cover you, well that's when you gotta reach deep down. Right down to your creamy center. Well that place, well that place inside of you where, where all the goouey happy-lovin' goo sits and you just gotta use that and be the nicest, most compassionate player you've ever been, and let the world know that we will not fall down so easy!

Hey, whoa! Well I can't believe what I'm hearing!  We've been practicing and gettin' ready for this game, and you fellas just wanna quit?!

Well, then... then let me go with you.

Please, sir. I have to get home to my world.

Can't you see I'm in horrible pain?! Do you have any idea what-?!

Uh will I eventually get to South Park if I follow this road? 

Waaaah!  Hay! Uh let me on! Let me on! 

Haw, it's real easy. I'll show you. You just take this little thingy out of the plastic... paper, and I'll, I'll pull down my pants ...and just slide it up in my anus there.

No.  No no no no no no, no!  No! No no no no!

Hey. Things actually turned out... okay for me this time. 

But I heard ACORN helps pimps and their bitches!

Well, what are we waitin' for? We've gotta find a way out of this room, by golly, or else we're gonna get drowned. Come on, Angels! 

A-huh? What? Oh! It was all just a dream.

Ah! What did I do?! What did I do?!

So wait. That's it? What about the Chinese invasion?

Hm, okay. Let's see  Oh, my parents don't know, but sometimes I get picked on by this one kid at school; his name is Eric Cartman, and he always tries to play jokes on me and stuff.

Uh you're not really gonna go down that K-13 run, are ya, Stan?

Uh hey, uh Eric?  Uh- thanks for coverin' for me. You're a real pal.

Fellas! Hehey fellas! I got it! Ah I got my semen sample!

Yeah! We dress up all our dogs in little outfits, and parade them down the street.  It'll be so adorable!

Yeah, tha-that was real badass how you stood up for your sister. Uh-uh-I'd have kicked Kyle's bitch ass, too.

Hey yeah! Well, I can tell you anything, huh?  Well lessee... Well, for one, I have what's called a hesiated colon, which means I sometime can't control my sphincter.

Uh very well. You shall be my accomplice in evil. Together, we shall bring the world to its knees! A-and make all those who banished us from society run... red.

You think maybe girls keep their balls on the inside of their tummies?

I don't know. Ih it's like a girl thing. They won't let anybody see the list but them. 

Some legends say that if you destroy the vampires' lair, the vampires go back to being human again.

Uh yeah, I uh, I'm not sure where I'm supposed to go?

Wull what the heck? I'm gonna get grounded anyway, might as well. 

Well, no, Trent, I-I'm not like a time-traveler or nothin'.

But I just did what he told me!

He's not a woman, he's not a man, he is something that you'll never understand. But he would die for me. 

Oh. I guess it's been around four months now.

Well,  why are we wearin' bedsheets and playing with squirrels, Kyle?

It's okay, Billy, we're gonna get to the bottom of this.

I just want to end this so we can take our punishment and be done with it!

Come right on in here, Bosley. Huhwell, it was my idea.  Uh I got to thinkin', "Wuh, where do people keep TV sets?" and then I remembered that lots of grownups have TV's ih in their bedrooms. So, so I walked into Mr. Mackey's bedroom and er and sure enough, here it was.

No! That's just what I look like. See?

Hm. Dad's going to see a movie. How nice.

No! Nono! I'm sorry. Thank you Eric! I screwed up everything but now everyone's happy! Thanks for covering my ass!

Woh, ah, hey! I made a little cutout version of me, too! Ih in case you need it for your animated film.

Uh huh.  Did you follow all that, Craig?  Uh, I don't think I really followed all that.

We don't have a choice, Butters. You have to defend yourself!  Oh, but violence is never the answer.  But she's gonna kill you, Butters! You know she is!  You're right, Butters! I don't have a choice!  Sorry, Grandma, but you brought this on yourself!  It's time you met... Chaos!  I've been pushed around for the last time!  Now I'm coming! And heck's coming with me! 

Ih ih it wasn't me! Ih it was the ghost!

Ah I don't understand. What's wrong with underwear?

Yeah, he ah knew you'd say that, too, so he said t'say, uh, up your ass, Jew.  Yeah.

Yeah, well, he's the coolest kid with disabilities in the world!

I don't understand it! An' I'm startin'- uhh, I'm starting to feel angry! Rawr! 

Don't be silly, AWESOM-O. Robots don't need to drink nothin'.  Uh, heehee.  Whoa. Uh, go answer the door, AWESOM-O.

Well they both got the same teacher for homeroom, too, but you didn't say anything then.

Well, I don't know what our mission is. Do you know what our mission is, little first-grade kid?

And I said no? Oh man, I gotta upload this  and then go buy her some flowers and then go tell her I love her. 

Yeah.  I finished my chores so I came over a little early.  Hey! Are you guys all sleepin' over too?

This lady'll massage your wiener for ninety-five dollars. Well that's a pretty good deal.

Hang on, is this the company where I don't get raped? Yeah, he-here, right? Okay, I'm uh stayin' here.

I know! We should read the funnies!  I always get good ideas from the funnies.

Eric, you said you were going to get me out of this virtual world!

That's true. Old Eric tells me I should work at a Thai massage parlor, I'm so good at sucking.

It is! It is getting closer! Oh my God!

Well, I was hopin' to go see her right now. You can come alone.  But don't embarrass me or nothin'.  I'm sure she'll be real nervous to impress you.

I donno. I got mine down at 7-11.  See? Right here. 

Well, I know, ah I can't seem to lose it.

II know! I'm gonna tell her I love her, and we're gonna be together and be happy forever.

Well, all that time we didn't understand what a... unique and magical ass it was.

But, yyou're telling me not to go with you.

Whre do we go? Where do we go?

"Fisting Firemen 9"  I've never seen 1 through 8.

I don't even remember that.  But it all makes sense now. Ever since I read The Catcher In The Rye I've been having these... blackouts. Crazy thoughts of wanting to kill the phonies. I must have channeled all my angst into dark writings in my sleep!

Okay, but... what are you going to do?

AWESOM-O?  Hey, what are you doin' with him?!  That's my robot!  AWESOM-OOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!

Whoa, wait fellas.  We can't go to my house.

Me?? Woo, what am I supposed to do?

Uh-uh, maybe we could stand like this , with our wieners pokin' through the back of our legs, you know, and give 'er a nice fruit bowl.

Yeah, but I'm playing Hello Kitty Island Adventure.

...Well, it's my parents' anniversary tomorrow,  and they're gonna be awful sad if I'm not there with 'em.

Well yeah, but, but, hey,  hey Lexus? Well I was thinking, well, I was thinking that we should- go do something sometime.

No! If we don't leave right now, we're gonna miss the bus, and then they'll know we left!

I know. That pisses me off. That's fuckin' gay.

No no, you don't understand. This time I've been grounded for no good reason! I didn't do anything, Kyle!

Yes! Yes I will! Oh, thank youhoohoo! I will! Oh, I feel so much better already! 
Livin' in America!
Eye to eye! Hand to hand!
Across the nation!
Smokestack, fatback,
Many miles of railroad track
Ow! I said Ow ow!

Gather 'round and witness the glory as Eric Cartman attempts to jump his skateboard over the homeless. 

They sure do. They always say to me, "Butters, you're not Kenny." But I never said I was Kenny. They say Kenny would do this and Kenny would do that-

I sure did.  Dad sure had a nice night out.

Oh yeah? Well, at least we have assholes, you dumb girl!

Well I don't want burgers comin' out of my butt!

Mr. Sandler says you'd better get it done! And Token says to hurry because he's runnin' out of money.

Well yeah.  It helps remind me that I shouldn't back down anymore when I feel pressure from other people. I just got really moved when I saw what did for all those farmers in Belarus. 

Well I'm sick of bein'- pushed around. M-by my dad, by kids at school.

And I'm not gonna wear this coat anymore, neither!  I should be able to be you guys' friend without wearin' Kenny's old coat!

Eric, are you sure you can do this?

I got, half a mind to report, r-report you to the police, sir! 

Ah-hey, this is gonna be just like eatin' at Shakey's, huh fellas?

I'm gonna beat her up and take her money!

Should I go see what he gets you again, Mom?

Yeah Mom, I'm just goin' outside for a little while.

Well, my skin is ssspringtime sssoft, I suppose.

Wow, yuh-you guys ore gonna see Terrance and Phillip Live?

They have to show it! They promised they would!

Okay.  Okay. I was talking to Pete Wetchney, and he said that Danny Chadwick said that his sister told him that the girls in our class have a list that rates every boy's looks from cutest to ugliest.

Does... Does this mean we're still gonna get cancelled?

Oh, I see.  You don't approve of my girlfriend!  Well let me tell you somethin', Mom and Dad, our love is as pure as a mountain spring! The odds may be stacked against us, but we're gonna give it our best shot! And so, if you can't be happy for us, y-you can just go to heck, Mom and Dad!  Come on, Lexus. I'm movin' out of my parents' house and I'm movin' in with you. Uh let's blow this joint!

Well yeah, we're havin' a great time, Aunt Nellie. These movie studio guys are real nice.

Well how do I make semen... come out of my body?

I can take you... to the place where kids are being transformed into vampires. 

Well, he can do anything. Watch this: Hey, AWESOM-O, who's gonna win the Super Bowl next year?

Wait! W-why does it have to be me??

We could have our very own...  kissin' company.

Oh my God, Oh my God!  Stan! Stan, we have a big problem.

There's an old fat lady here! She's holding out money for me!

Loo loo loo, let's make some applesauce, take off our clothes and loo loo loo!

I'm sorry, but the answer is un uh, uh uh, uh uh. 

It's time to let go, Eric. Don't you see there's no other way? Just let the government into your heart.

Wu-u-wees hases our preciouseses! Hases it... Hases it...

It was just... so big and bushy sir. Why does it look like that?

Ow. Ow. Ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow. Naw, nothin'

Yeah, though I barely remember it, but I know I did.

Hey, there's a window in the back that's usually open. 

My Uncle Bud did that to me once! 

Well, um, can... Can anything bad happen if you completely freeze yourself and then unfreeze yourself three weeks later?

Huh but ah I thought we were gettin' along... great. Heh ah I thought we were really havin' fun together.

Please! I didn't help the terrorists get into Imaginationland! Honest!

You mean, spy on him? Uh but... ain't that kind of like... fibbin'?

Fellow Meheecans! This time, we're gonan try rushin' the Texans from the left side! Do not give up home, for I am Mantequilla! Viva la Meheeco!

Oh... Uh well, we could sell tickets to our moms and dads.

He says he's not payin' us to scratch our buttholes. 

Well, there's a lot of interesting stuff in here, Craig. There's even some quotes from President Obama.  Could you read this part out lout?

Now gosh darn it, you!  You listen here! Now I am sick of these harmless lies and l-little white lies. You know, you can call a shovel an ice-cream machine, but it's still a shovel, Mom and Dad. Ah, and you can call a lie whatever you want, but it's still a no-good stinkin' lie! And when you start coverin' up one lie with another why, now that's when you get into real trouble!  Boy I've, I've just about had it up to here  with you two! 

No, he's not smart! He's just an asshole. And he's never gonna play on me ever again! 

I'm fine. I miss you though.  Yeah, school was pretty tough today. We had two quizzes, and one of them was a pop quiz.  Sometimes I think our classes are too hard.  But I thought about you all day long. I promise. So how is your day going?

Bohy, Kyle was right, Sally. There's guys with kissing companies all over the country. "The person managing all the women is known as the 'pimp,' while the working women are referred to as 'ho' or 'bitch.'" Oh, you're a bitch, Sally. 

Hey, watch it!  Hey, what are you doin'? 

Oh, sorry. I thought you were Mr. Pickles. 

The precious?  Could you bring back my precious?

Hahaha, I'm in the bad part of town! I just hit a lamp post! Ah, ah-I'm back on my feet. Oh, oh that's cool. There's a prostitute out here.

But I saw him! Just as plain as I'm seein' you right now!

Hey, that's not very nice! This is my first society! I'm doin' my best!

It's a coupon for a brand-new Asian restaurant that just opened up in town.

Let me talk to George R. R. Martin, and I'll tell him about what! 

Hey, you guys! You guys, I think we have a big problem!

Well, we believe that he means the government loves you, and it wants to forgive you if you just let the government into your heart.

Yeah, but I uh, I I can't be team captain. I... Well I suck at everything.

A turd sandwich is not only the first turd to be nominated school mascot, but even the first sandwich. 

Oh my goodness! Your little cartoon has a girl on fire!

Hey, look over there, AWESOM-O. The film studio commissary.  That's where all them rich movie producers who come up with uh, Hollywood blockbusters have their lunch. Neat-o, huh? 

Wuh-ell yeah, and I'm sad, but at the same time I'm really happy that somethin' could make me feel that sad. It's like,  it makes me feel alive, you know? It makes me feel human. And the only way I could feel this sad now is if I felt somethin' really good before. So I have to take the bad with the good, so I guess what I'm feelin' is like a, beautiful sadness. I guess that sounds stupid...

Hey, Stan. Why I-I-I sure am glad you're here, 'cause then we'll have even more fun than we, why, than we was havin' before. Why, we wuh, we were havin' an awfully good time before you showed up, too, however.

Yeah! I read 'em all the time! Uh here's one: the uh, snail tripped over a hurdle, and the other snail says "Well that's gonna add another hour to his time."  Yeah! You guys!  Heh.

Good night, Patches. Good night, Halloway. Good night, Nepture. Good night, Davis. Good night, Bud. Good night, Red. Good night, Paulette. Good night, Chastity.

Wait!  It's all different. Nothing's in the same place!

I always thought, someday when I grow up I'm gonna get a Harley. Then people will have to notice me, and they'll have to deal with my shit for once. The open road! The wind on my face! I'll go from city to city! Rowrrowrroowwrr! Everyone lookin' at me! "Who's that guy? He must be a Hoo- he must be tough!" Vromvrom, vromvrom, vrooom! I'll have my girl on the back seat holdin' on to my fat belly - sure she's missin' a few teeth, but she thinks I'm coool. That's why, when I grow up, I'm gonna be a Harley rider!

Playing Lord of the Rings.  Ugh, wegh, oh yeah.

This... is Butters. It's Wednesday night at 9 p.m. From what I understand, there are people living inside my head and they want to kill me. It must be true, because now every night I wet the bed. So tonight I'm gonna leave the camera on to see what exactly I become while I am sleeping.

We don't like it! And I'm pretty pissed off, if you wanna know the truth!

Praise to the mighty Allah. His divine grace a-and will have brought forth this day.  Oh jeez!  Uhhh, nnow see, your safety is at our whim. This is the price you pay, America! You have defiled Allah, and now we will turn your imagination against you! Death to the Infidels!  Can I go now?  Stan! Kyle! Could you could you get me out of here?? 

Hoh da lolly! This is gonna be so much fun!

Uh what is it? Is it something neat? Uh I wonder what it could be. 

My dad said it's not for spying on people.

Oh Jesus, Oh Christ in Heaven, I gotta hide!  Uh, oh boy! 

Yeah, I know. Winter is comin' and there's dragons and zombies on the way. I'm pretty excited for that. Just could do with a little less gay wiener is all.

Yeah, me and my robot are still over at the movie studio, Aunt Nellie. We're makin' all sorts of money for the poor.

Okay, Mom.  So. Someone has discovered my horrible secret. This could be a trap set by the FBI. Oh, I'll be at the docks, precious FBI! But it is I who'll have the trap set for you! Come, my minions!  We haven't much time!

Oh yes. Every living creature and every sacred building will soon be under leagues and leagues of cold and dark water. And there is nothing you can do to stop me! General Disarray, begin the flooding of Earth!  You brought this upon yourselves! You made the outcasts of the world! Now watch! Watch as your precious planet drowns! Watch! 

Dougie pushed that big box out of the way and found this old ventilation duct. And I reckon it's got to lead somewhere, and and it's good 'cause, uh 'cause now we won't drown.

Uh whah well can't you just take a plane?

Well I think... I'm like the kid in that movie! I-I'm seeing dead people!

I don't think I'm very happy. I always fall asleep to the sounds of my own screams.

There's like a long pedal on the floor by your right foot.

Well uh, it's my pleasure! I love bein' you guys' new friend.

12:32 p.m. Vampires meeting in the school gymnasium. Leader appears to be a fifth grader.

Oh hey fellas. I'm just watching the Kardashians

Finally I can breathe a-  Oh my God. Oh my God, the meteor took out everything! It's all destroyed. Nothing left.  Hello? Are there any, are there any other survivors? Hello? Oh. That must have been where the library was. And that was probably the school. Hello?  Oh. I forgot, I gotta watch out for radioactive cannibals.  Is that a cannibal? Sir? Ma'am?  Oh. Aww, it's a little dog.  Well, hello there, Mr. Dog. Looks like you and me are the only ones who survive the meteor, heh. We should stick together, huh, Mr. Dog? Well come on, we gotta start cleanin' up this mess, and rebuild this civilization. Boy, that meteor sure did make everything stinky. 

Bu-but Teacher, I didn't mean to look stupid in my picture. Honest!

Well, Clyde was gonna come too, but he, he said his mom was makin' tacos for dinner and Clyde likes tacos a whole lot.

I can't do it. Ah, I- I can't do it!

Yeah, and if you believe that I've got a big floppy wiener to dangle in your face!

I like Hello Kitty Island Adventure a lot more 'n this stuff.

But I... But I... But I can't see nothin'. I gotta go to the hospital! 

Serves me right! Puttin' balls on my chin and lyin' about it. Why I, I should be grounded for a month! Why do I do these things? Why can't I behave myself? 

Well alright, Watson, well let's find out what we need to and get out of here!

You can't ground me! For I am neither living nor dead! How can thy ground that which is... ungroundable. 

Sure, I like like you a lot a lot. 

You just think you know everything, don't you Kyle?! Every little thing you gotta shoot your mouth off like you're the frickin' expert! Well you don't know everything because  your best friend is a kid who thinks the entire planet revolves around him and he only cares about HIS image!  You guys think Cartman is the only selfish piece of crap in this school? You're all fake and stuck up , and none of you have the courage to tell Jimmy that his jokes aren't funny!  The only kid here with any sense of dignity is Kenny, and the rest of you have your heads up your butts! 

Are you crazy?! This is my dad's drone!

Look at that, AWESOM-O! I drew a picture of us playing in a field together.  Ah I'll be right back. I'm gonna get some Sunny Delight. 

Hey Stan! I heard you were looking for people who care about the Japanese slaughterin' whales.

It's never too late. There's a place where you can start over. 

A drive? Oh, boy!  I- I love a good drive. Is Dad comin' too?

Thang, thanks, fellas. I'll definitely never write again. I think I can get over this.

Loo loo loo, I've got some apples, Loo loo loo, you've got some too.

I don't even understand how this thing... ooh, wait. Oh, I see. 

Towelie, over the past couple of years, I have seen drug addiction affect you in the following ways.

Hold on! Hold on a second!  Now, you really should think about this. I mean, uh, I I know you think attacking our imagination will get you somewhere, but will it really? If you destroy that wall, all the most evil parts of our imagination are gonna break loose, but... will it really make you terrorists feel better? Maybe it's time for us all to just... get along.

And he says, "Well you still should oughta read it, but you're gonna need to put an asterisk next to Jesus' name whenever it comes up."

Yeh-hah. They don't even realize that "The Menagerie" originally was the pilot and later got split up into two episodes, eh ha ha. Ha ha.  Hahahaha, eh the, eh the dumbasses.

Huh? Oh anything you have to say to me  you can say in front of Lexus.

All these bitches are kissin' fellers, and they haven't figured out that they can be making some serious fuckin' money!

No, my parents won't let me bring homeless people home anymore.

Uh well, yeah. You've all done it more than once?

Uh, conuh-  Confederate Messenger Butters reporting, sir. I have a message for you from the battlefield. 

Heh, okay, but I get to be the one that betrays you after the sex and drug party. 

Wuh wuuuhhh wuh!  Wha? Wha? Oh.  Ohhh... Daaad! It happened again.  More of my creamy goo came out. 

Eric, ye-you're just an image in my head brought on by a traumatic event.

There you go. Well, try some coffee, Ken.

Well, he kept accusin' me for hours, and then he shot me up with sodium pentathol.

Please, Eric! I tried to be quiet, I swear!

Oh no, what did I do this time?

I have to tell the truth. I want you and Kenny to come with me and tell Craig's mom we're sorry and that we'll-

Hehey Jimmy!  M'boy, did you see that first prize for the talent show? Why you must be excited! You'll probably win like always.

So what do you wanna do first, Eric? You wanna play a game or just chitchat for a while?

Wwell, heck no! Uh you can't have it. Why, I'm gonna stick it under-my pillow and get money from the tooth fairy. She gives me fifty cents a tooth.

No! That darn device is nothin' but trouble! Ah I'm done, and I'm goin' home to tell my Mom and Dad I'm not dead! 

Hello. How would you like to know the Truth?

Oh Gosh, I'd never make fun of somebody with a problem.

Be careful up here about a hundred yards, Eric. There's a wrecked car on the right side.  You're gonna wanna watch for it here. You're gonna wanna watch it over on the right side.

Well Wizard Cartman, I started watching Game of Thrones.

Ah, I've done it, General Disarray. I've completed my most horrible deed to date.

Well Kim Kardashian is skinny and she just had a baby!

H-help! You've gotta hide me!  Don't tell her I'm in here! 

Yes, now sit down, Jimmy, we should have a little talk.  You see, Jimmy, when a man's penis becomes hard, the man puts it into a lady. Into her "vagiiina."  Then, the hard penis sneezes milk inside the lady's tummy, and after it's all done sneezin' milk, the penis stops bein' hard, and the man loses interest in the lady.

That way it won't matter if you get detention.

Oh, jeez. Ah I don't wanna get the AIDS, fellas.

Nope. I don't think... Christ has any basis in reality.

Uhhh all right, then. See you guys tomorrow. 

Well, see ya, fella. Uh I've gotta get home before my parents wake up.

No! You told me NOT to play Inspector Butters!

Uh-okay. Uh, hey, Lexus, well, there's something I've been meaning to say.  Here it goes: Lexus, I- Oh jeeze, maybe I shouldn't say it- no wait, I want to say it. I love you.  Heeheee, heh, Oh my God.

Yeah. And then my dad just went berserk and came over and picked me up and threw me down a well!  I was trapped down there all night!

Are we just gonna let North Park walk away with a victory because we think they know how to be nicer than us?  Bein' nice is about what's inside you! When your enemy is nice to you, you just be nice right back! And if they give you two balloons, well you give them three!

Oh, is that who the book was tellin' me to kill? Ohhh.  Kill Ronald Reagan.  Kill Ronald Reagan.

But but I uh, I uh, I didn't bring any money, I didn't know I had to buy Vagisil.

Hey, Baahir, uh since we get to go home, you wanna come over uh, play checkers?

Does this mean... you have to go now?

Look, Trent, I know- I know you're awful sore about... pre- muh- pr-preschool and all, but... well that was a long time ago. I mean, we were just kids.  Uhhh... p-lease don't hurt me, Trent. I-I'll give you anything you want. You name it!

Boy oh boy. I finally did it. I'm a man now.  Jeez, I'm gonna start havin' lots of responsibilities soon. I gotta start thinkin' about a career. There's gonna be family and bills to start worrying about. M-no more play time for you, Butters! You gotta buckle down and find, and find yourself a way to make money.  Hey, I know.

Now I'm gonna have to give ya a spankin', AWESOM-O, so that you'll learn better!  Just know, AWESOM-O, that I did it because I love you. Okay, come on, let's go make some breakfast.

Let's go get the kindergartners. Uh they're gonna wanna see this too! 

Ugh.  Wuh, wuh, I can't eat no more.

Shouldn't we get him back in the water?

Are you out of your mind?! What are you doing?!

Ehh, it kind of smells stinky in this condo. 

People of Earth! Your meaningless lives are about to end! I am Professor Chaos,  and this is my partner ih-in evil, General Disarray! In the past few days I have rained terror down upon the society that shunned me! And now it is time for my Labor of Lonely! I am going to... flood... the world!

We've got a new member today! Eric Cartman, do you love your country?!

Fools!  I am Professor Chaos! Bringer of Destruction and Doom!  Your feeble ninja powers are no match for me!

Yeah, there ain't nothin' that's gettin' in my wiener through this thing? A-and it's even got a little reservoir at the end so you can... pee in it.

How ya doin', Eric? You know, I think you're a real special little guy, and even though you have AIDS, I ain't gonna act any different towards you. 

How can they do that, huh? How can they make us all move away?

It wantses to stay with the Butter kid.

Remember I said I put that medicinal suppository in my anus? It'll be so much easier havin' you do it from now on.

Yeah, well hopefully, when we finish writin' all these verses, we won't be bi-curious no more, and then we can go home!

He can do anything I command him to. He's real smart. Watch this: Hey AWESOM-O, will you go get my friends some Sunny Delight?

Aw well, come on. Let him read us the end.

Oh, jeez, you wouldn't have believed how angry I was when Teacher said I had to share my fingerpaints, because I've been sharin' them all along.

My goo doesn't come out every night, but I sure do seem to have a surplus of it. 

Fellas! Hey fellas! I heard that Kenny is still going out with that slut Tammy Warner.

You can see the momma bird fly in.

Lu lu lu, I've got some apples. Lu lu lu, you've got some too-

When did you put Craig's mom's bush on the Internet?!

Uhhhh I don't know, I'm just bein' paid to hand out flyers.

Oh! Oh hey, Jimmy.  I'm just practicin' for the talent show.

Lisa? Lisa Berger? Anybody seen Lisa Berger?  Oh hey, Eric. Have you seen Lisa Berger anywhere?

Uh, uhm no thanks. I I love life.

He's been up for three days straight playing Heroin Hero.  Come on, Stan! You got it!

It's a-  Awww, shucks,  I can't tell you. Uh, but it's really nifty.

I don't know. I don't think anybody deserves that kind of brutality.

That sure is a great Gangnam Style costume, Craig. I'm a wereprechaun. You know, a leprechaun that has been bitten by a werewolf.  Oh wow! Nice costume, Stan. It's Gangnamstein!

Wha-, what are you lookin' for, huh Stan?

Will somebody tell me what the frickity fookshmere is goin' on?!

Huh. Didn't I... Whoa, that's the darnedest thing I ever saw. 

Oh, alright then.  Hey Wendy. Wendy!  Bitch, don't you wanna start makin' some real fuckin' money?

He needs you to get better, Towelie. Please. 

Hey look, there's Kevin Stoley!  Hey Kevin, do you like fishsticks? 

You guys can't fix my eyeball! You have to take me to the hospital! 

Well, oh gosh, I, I didn't think you'd be so fat.

Why you were made for the playground, bitch. You should be out there workin'. Don't you want a new lunch box? Nice new coat? I can get all that for you, bitch.

Oh b-hoy, the waves are startin' up again!

Hold up. Here it is right here: "by clicking Agree, you are also acknowledging that Apple may sew your mouth to the butthole of another iTunes user"

And then I always get woken up in the morning by the sounds of my own screams. Do you think I'm unhappy?

Enough! I grow weary of your foolishness. Professor Chaos cannot be stopped!

Wokay, how about this, Dougie?  I-I'm going' to pose as a real-estate agent and con everyone in town into buyin' a monorail. And then skip town with all their money.  No?

Yeah, I don't like shattering fat peoples' dreams. Besides, I'd get grounded.  Oh, Jesus! I'm supposed to be grounded! 

Uh, but- but you- you said I had to  s-spend on it on the... buy what I can start buyin' and start way in- bu- so get buy- 

Well, it's just 49 cents for the cheapest one. 

Uh Topeka. We're raisin' all kinds of hell, see?  Eh, it's probably the most fun I've had in several months. Wuwell, you gonna read your message or not? 

Oh hey, Nichole? Coach wants you to take these to the boys' locker room. 

Uhuh wuhwe've got an eyewitness exclusive video for you, sir. 

Well, he's sittin' next to me right now.

Well, at least I'll bet Token's glad it's over with. Aren't you, Token? 

Ah, hold on Dad. I should be sleepin'. Why do you ask?

Oh my God! Here, we left you a tip already, but here is another five dollars. 

How about this? Winter Farm. It looks kinda nice.

Wait, uhh, eh take your next right. You've got to start heading west.

That does it! Our student council is corrupt and has to be dealt with!

No no no no no! I can't bring cows into my house. I'll get grounded.

Well it's just that my parents are... I can't picket!

AWESOM-O, I though you were programmed to do whatever I tell you.

Who's the man now?! I'm gonna take his car! This is like Grand Theft Auto!

God forgave the Jews, you should be able to forgive him!

Well, I have to take medicine for it every day. It's a little suppository I have to... put up my rectum.

You did! You said Kim was short, fat, and hairy with big feet and she's a hobbit!

They didn't show part 2 of Terrance and Phillip!  They replaced it with the Queef Sisters!

Mom? Dad? Uh, it's me, Butters. I'm back. 

Oh, uh, pardon me, sirs.  Dad? No.  Hm. 

Oh, uhuh alright, then. 
We're so sorry you're not feeling well.
We hope you're better soon.
So we're bringing you some sunshine
By, um, singing you this tune:
Everybody misses you
And though we hate to cause a fuss
We'd like to say, "Get well soon!"
And "Please don't die on us."

So then I crossed that with all the kids who were on half-priced lunches with the tax records of people in town to see which kids' parents actually made the least amount of money last year.

Well, jeez Eric, why wouldn't I be able to hear you?

It worked! I'm back in. All systems normal.

They, uh they aren't gonna show part 2 of the Terrance and Phillip show?

Well damn, nigger, there's gotta be some way!

Hey! No! No, the fight hasn't started yet. No, bad.

Well we wanna see the spook house. Uh well, we paid twenty-nine ninety five; we should be able to go in the spook house. 

Hey! Pete Melmman pooped his pants and uh had to have his mom bring him new undies!

Do the girls get their shots right in the vagina?

Bradley, please. You're my accountabilibuddy. How will this make me look?

Yeah, I guess so. Except it still doesn't change the fact that Ben Affleck gets to be handsome, talented, and then gets to go home and kiss Jennifer Lopez.

No! This is our home! And I'm sick of everyone who thinks they're better than me just 'cause they've got good looks, and just 'cause, even after massacring Daredevil, they happen to come back and hit a home run that everyone likes! You shouldn't be able to be good-looking and be with Jennifer Lopez and be a good director!  All right all right fine! Argo is a good movie! There, I admitted it! I told people that it didn't hold up, but it holds up god darn it! Ben Affleck has everything, GRAGH!

Well yeah, seeing all that running water makes me always need to pee.

I got a kissing booth set up at the kids' fair on Saturday so Kayla and Ashley, you take turns there. Any girl that sells more than twenty kisses gets  a little sunshine, but if you don't show up for work at all, I'm afraid you get a stormy cloud.

Well don't worry Kyle. We're not gonna let people kill you. We'll keep you hidden forever!

WAAAA! It's Alien!  Predator! Wha?  Huh?  WAAAAAH! HAAAAAAAA! 

Well alright, but if you try to punch me, I'll scream! 

Kill John Lennon...  Kill John Lennon... Kill John Lennon...  Kill John Lennon!  Hey dad, where does John Lennon live?

Thanks everyone.  It suer has been great gettin' to know you all. You've been really great amigos.  It's really kind of made me... appreciate my amigos back home. I know they were waitin' for me, and I'm sure they're all worried sick.

Aahh heh ahh, I don't feel very good.

I am so disappointed in myself. Teacher gave me a res-responsibility, and I was just supposed to look after my partner, and I blew it!

Mr. Marsh, listen. I know you care about your son, but he's a heck of a player! He's good at tickling, laughing, and getting along.

Uh-here. Uh-you can scoop it up in my R. Kelly thermos. 

No, uh I get to be Jaclyn Smith. See, uh I thought of Charlie's Angels, and I get to be Jaclyn Smith 'cause I thought of it.

Bennigan's?? Oh, boy, you mean it??  Whoopee, at Bennigan's I'm gonna get the Rain Champ baby-back ribs! 

I feel like a spring chicken. I'm ready to wreak havoc once again! 

Wwe ain't got no more missions? Uhwhawhat are we supposed to do? We're Angels. Whawhat do Angels do without a mission?

Mom, Dad, I-I love you. Please don't sell me to Paris Hilton.

No! Bradley! You can't leave; you're my accountabilibuddy!

Oh, boy! This thing ain't never gonna stop! I must be all the way down to Denver by now.  Ohhh, whoopee! Finally. Uh now that the car has come to a stop, it's safe for me to unfasten my seat belt.  Boy, Mom must be- worried sick about- me right now. Ah I gotta get back home.  Wuh gee whiz, where the heck am I?

When do you think uh it'll get here?

You said you could hold your breath the longest, Kyle.

Wow, Eric. You sure are a great guy for doing this.

Hey, hanguh, hang on, fellas, don't you think Britney's been through enough? I mean, maybe it's finally time for us all to just leave her alone.

No, uh, if I can just see it again, I, I'll be fine.

Soda and Cheetos, yes. I'll be right back.

Why can't you leave it alone?! Why can't you just stop?!

Huh-you mean to expect me to go out there and let all those... huhu-horny old men... have their way with my fragile person?? Well just what team is this anyway?!

Wuh well I told you my parents would be sore, and they said for... havin' liposuction surgery, I can't play outside for five days.

Oh boy, I can't wait to be creative and smart.  Hohhh, it's all thick and g-gooey.

U-Ah, gee-whiz, Trent. Ah, I don't wanna get involved. Or else my parents will ground me.

Clyde, here's a hundred bucks. If Stan comes near me, punch him.

Lu lu lu, lu... N-no such thing as J-Jewpacabra. People made it up.  It's -- that's okay. Even if there was a J-Jewpacabra it couldn't get in my r-room anyways.

I finally made the world sorry! I've brought sadness, a-and chaos!

Nononono, I got stuff to do. But I wanted to tell you there's these fellers on TV. They go out in the ocean an' try to stop the Japanese wherever they are.

Somebody raided Kickstarter and they burned the building to the ground!

Well, thanks for offerin' to let me in your clique, guys, uh but, to be honest, I'd rather be a cryin' little pussy than a faggy Goth kid. Well see ya, Stan. 

...What did he say? Ah I actually don't speak Spanish.

Uh-uh, wuh-I ain't supposed to tell you that. If I told you that, well, why I'd be a, a no-good Yankee son of a bitch.

Uh, I got somethin'! I got it!  It's uh... Oh jeez I thnk it's a leprechaun!

Haaa ha ha ha ha!  Well well well! If it isn't the four ninjas!

Oh, I really wanna see you too, baby. Eh don't, don't worry. I'll get more money

Three more days till we eat at Bennigan's. That's s-seventy-two hours. Aw gee whiz.

Oh it's raunchy alright! I know what my readers want, and I'm going to deliver!

Well, uh, how come? What's wrong with me?

Yeah, and he's never gonna get me again! 'Cause what Cartman doesn't know is that I know one of his secrets!

Alright. See ya in a bit, Dad.  Oh boy, a drive!

Really. I mean, honestly, I don't know how you're gonna make up for all this.

Kim Kardashian is sooo sexy. Her butt is like a biiig mountain of pudding.

That's great AWESOM-O!  You can carry all my laundry in one trip!

Well, guess that proves Eric wasn't the one with head lice.

Sure! I'm good at all kinds of jobs!

But you said to uh, but I got to uh, and then, you told me tuh...

Huh? Oh nothin'. Hey, you guys wanna tell each other's futures now?

Por favor, ehe, I have to get across the border. Mmis amigos, may a-, my amigos are waiting.

You know what I said? She asked me why I wasn't in school and I said "Well, technically I was in school." Tee hee. Sorry guys, but Eric and I know a little something you don't. Not that it's anything that cool. Right Eric?

You can count on Postman Butters!  Special delivery, ma'am.  Here you are, sir.  Brand new sushi restaurant in town.  A flyer for you, from Postman Butters! 

Aw hell Dad, I got lots of girlfriends. Sally's just my bottom bitch.  Do you know what I am saying? 

Very well. You called out Professor Chaos, and you also called out, eh your own demise!  Go now, my minions. Go and take this, this foolish mortal down!  Aw minions, naw, not that way. He-  come back minions.

Uh, we can help Timmy learn how to ice-skate, too.

Look, you can make your wiener bigger in just three weeks.

Eh, no. Because I already told Mom and she's fine.

Holy moly, what's that between the lady's legs? It's all bushy.

I never gave Shelly her tampons. She's been this whole time without them. 

And so then, and so then it turns out the Terminator secretly had a kid, ten years ago. Meaning Terminator could be his own father. And then Skeletor gets angry and wants to fight him.

I said, I know how you feel. My life has gone completely downhill ever since my future self moved in. I hate him! All he ever wants to do is watch Becker. And that show is so stupid. 

Oh, you shouldn't be handing out drawings like that, ma'am. Uh, don't you know that the government is watching you?

Naw, I don't want kids calling me a Cliché Conflict Resolution Kevin.

Your government doesn't listen in on you to punish you, your government just wants you to be honest about your mistakes.

Upstairs? Uhwhy why there's ain't nothin' upstairs but adults. Uhwhy would we want to go upstairs for?

Oh don't even get me started! I keep watchin' that show and I'm waitin' for the darn dragon to show up and, and kick everyone's butt! But all I get is wiener, wiener, wiener. It's not all gay wiener, but when they DO show a straight guy's wiener, it's all soft and floppy. Even though he just got done humpin' a pretty girl! Why is that? Because a soft wiener isn't threatening, just like a gay wiener. 

Oh Jesus no.  They've come to boil me alive! Uh just like Lobster Boy! Ah, I've gotta get outta here!  Wait! I can't go anywhere. I'm grounded. Oh Christ, what a pickle! 

Yeah, she got, she got raped a lot and uhhh- and you gotta go talk to her.

Now that Kenny's gone,  your household actually has the lowest income.  I'm sorry, pal.

Well yeah, it's okay, but Jay Leno is really losin' it.

I said what what? In the butt
I said what what? In the butt
I said what what? In the butt
I said what what? In the butt
You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt?
You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt?
You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt?
Let's do it in the butt. O-kay!

I've never seen that part of a lady! Do they all got a hedge like that? Do they??

Wull ah I'm just playin' Monster. It's kinda spooky out here. 

The world isn't fair. I do everything people ask me to. I stand in the lunch line for them, I buy tampons at the store for them, I go on Maury Povich with balls on my chin for them.  And yet, nobody accepts me. I am an outcast. A shadow of a man who can find no companion... ship. No love from others.  Fine!  If I am to be an outcast, so be it!  I'm through doin' what others tell me to do, and I am sick of this world and the stin-, and the stinky people in it!  From now on I will dedicate my life to bringing chaos to the world that has rejected me!  I will become the greatest supervillain  the world has ever seen!  Where I go, destruction will follow! 

Uh, well huh, how am I supposed to make that kind of money??

Yeah why, why, you shouldn't be such a smart-mouthed Mr. Know-It-All!

Let's just talk to this guy, and then we can hit a McDonald's. Oh here we go. 2217. 

Well uh yeah, but ah, I don't know...

Ha-I'm not Kyle, I'm Butters. I thought you were Kyle.

And so, I would like to see if there are any housing loan opportunities for some of my employees, and also what kind of corporate tax I should be filing under.

Eyou guys! Eyou guys! Uh we just thought of somethin'!

I can't do it, fellas. I can't go into a girls' slumber party! What if they find out I ain't a girl?

Or the witty anecdotes of the townspeople, uh...

No way! Go back to Annie Nelson! She's built like a Slim Jim! 

Hey! You fellas think you can get me across that border?

But Teacher, my penis never slips out of my pants. Eh-except sometimes when I'm wearin' pajamas.

I'm here for you, Provider! Uh, take me! 

But I, but I'm supposed to be at school right now, uh, and instead I got, I got Snarf and Popeye and Luke Skywalker all pissed off...

Can I, can I not do this, please?  I don't wanna do this.

Eh, he said he'd hang out with me! 

Aw jeez, ah I didn't mean to almost kill Grandma. I promise I'll never go on TV with balls on my chin again.

Dad, I need an advance on my allowance again.

Lu lu lu, I've got some...  Some... uh, some uh... some, uh... Uuuhhh... Oh no!  No no noho noo! 

WHOOAA! It's all so real! Uh this is amazing! It's like I'm there!  I see all our friends at school. Oh wow! If I hold up my hands I can see them too. Whooaa...  Wow, you were right. I can actually feel it.

Jeez, I can't believe Wendy's gonna fight you after school.

Boy, am I glad to see you guys! There's lots of kids here from other schools, and I don't know anybody.

But Dad, I just wanna stay in my room-

HA you saiid you like fishsticks in your mouth; that makes you a gay fish! 

...Can't believe they put 'em in jail. And I thought that movie was pretty good. 

I'm not intoxicated, you skank! I'm just "deligerent" because of my hapanuanalua!

Let us not forget what happens this day!

I'm hangin' out in LA with my robot friend
We're havin' such fun in the hot hot sun
We're two of a kind- That's me!
And my robot friend.
My robot friend.
My robot ...friend.

Go ahead and have a seat, guys. Ah I've gotta go and find Lexus! 

AWESOM-O, what are you doing? My friends are waiting for their beverages. Chop chop! 

Okay. It's so realistic.  The snow looks kind of fake though.  Alright, I think that's all of it.

Excuse me. Mr. Evans, sir?  Your uh, your wife is on the phone and- uh, well- she just got raped.

Well I don't know about the rest of ya, but I'm sick and tired of bein' pushed around all the time! I came all the way down here for my hapa noa ceremony, and I can't even have it, 'cause the fucking haoles have to ruin everything!

Are you sure, Eric? I mean, maybe they just aren't meant for each other.

I'm a dork, and I deserve what's coming to me.  Ow.

Well, I think I- Yup, it looks like the car is fillin' up with water!  Yeah. I think right now might be a good time to try to get the car out, Mom! 

Grandma, ca-can I talk to you for a second?

Inspector Butters is on the case! Heheh, he this is fun.

Hoh boy! Mom and Dad didn't... find out I... left the house, did they?

Is it true?! Trent Boyett is getting out?!

The kindergartners! They've got amazing stage effects. Pyrotechnics and what have yous. Why, it's a regular feast for the eyes!

What did the Smurfs ever do to you! Ya bitch! I just called the president a bitch.

Oh, no, no, no! I ain't gettin' married; my parents will ground me!

Oh, Jesus. Ah, I gotta run like the wind. 

Now look! I'm getting pretty sick of this! Well I put myself through a lot, and you can't talk to me like that! Uh... mom.

He he got caught, he got caught up in the rat race of, of taking things for granted.

That's because you guys never understood!  You fellers never got what these people are really about! Freedom! Rebellion against the system! A living image of independence! Solid, defiant, and supremely cool, the biker is an All-American icon of resilient individuality and freedom.

Huhyou didn't hear? Well Cartman has some, mental disease called Tourette's Syndrome or somethin'.

Heey! Mr. Daniels! You get kisses from my bitch Roxy in the alley behind Sizzler. 

Eric! Hey Eric. Listen, we wanna go home.

Oh no. Eh this is big-time trouble now, fellas.

Do you remember when I showed you the video of the little bird eggs? Well that's the last time I felt happy.

Huh how come they're actin' that way, Stan, huh? Uh how come they're laughin' and fallin' down and such?

But if you're d-dead, how come I can see you?

The students want answerrrrs! Go on the Morning Announcements if you've got nothing to hide!

I'll bury a skeleton wearing angel wings so that the townspeople will think a fallen angel has fallen-

Huh, but I told you mom: ah-I didn't mean to look... like a jackass, eh. It just happened.

Oh boy,  AWESOM-O! We're gonna have the best time ever! 

Hahaa, right! What are you gonna do with money, AWESOM-O? Buy some robot pants? Haha, no! We got each other and that's all we need, AWESOM-O. I'm gonna send this money to needy kids in third-world countries.

How the heck should I know?  Why, it's just a little doughnut.  Hoh- it's all gooey.

Uh, excuse me? Uh Mr. Terrorist, sir?  Uh, I'm actually not imaginary, a-and um, my p-my parents are gonna ground me if I don't get back-  Aaah!  Okay, sorry. Uh sorry.

Yep. You don't have a penny left.  You're poor as shit.  How come you're hangin' upside down?

For havin' balls on my- AH! Ah, I mean, nothin'.  Ah I'm not grounded.

AWESOM-O, what the Sam Heck are you doing?

Oh, well, ye-Eric, ah I told you: everyone has a creamy filling inside them, where all the feelings of compassion and joy come from. Oh, didn't your dad ever tell you that?

Oh. Oh like a date? Oh no thanks, Lisa. I really appreciate the offer, but you're too fat for me.

We'd better hope they never know, or else there's gonna be heck to pay. Heck, I tell ya!

All right. All right that does it!  I am sick and tired of everyone telling me I'm confused! I wasn't confused until other people started tellin' me I was!  You know what I think? I think maybe you are the ones who are confused!

O creatures of the night, I seek audience to engage with thee in unholy darnation and thus do... a-a-and thus do unto your bidding!

Yes I- I know what you are saying. You don't have to keep asking.

Ehuh, the Chinese puppy's... my favorite so far.

Awww, they didn't play it. They didn't show the Terrance & Phillip trailer.

I can't wait till Sunday. I'm eating with my family at Bennigan's tomorrow.

Hi. Is Lexus there, please? This is her boyfriend. 

And that's another thing! You're always trivializing everything I say by gettin' the last word! Well you're not gettin' the last word this time! 

While people play in the sun all day

I love to brush my teeth! In the mornin' and at night!
To keep 'em white and healthy, I got to brush them all the time!

U-u-uh, Stan, yo-you gave it your best shot, and that all Jesus asks of you.

I don't know, Dad, ah I was just pissed off, I guess!

I got World of Warcraft, like you said.

You mean little hamburgers grow in your butthole?

Hey, a big limousine just pulled up in front of the school!

Ooh la lolly! I finally get to see Lord of the Rings. 

How am I supposed to focus with all this crap goin' on?!

Yyep. Oo-one of mine came out not two hours ago.

Hey, you know what we could do with these lady clothes, huh? Wuh-y why we could play Charlie's Angels.

Oh, I'm gonna be sacrificed to the Provider!

Eh, but then why did they come back to the past

Uh wait.  You guys aren't comin' with me?

Just walk away. You can put a stop to all this. Just walk away and we will spare your lives. Just walk away.

Hey, I think she could see you too. You really are a ghost.

I've done what you've asked.  A case of Dr Pepper and Cherry Twizzlers. Who are you gonna give this to? I-I mean, vampires can't eat people food.

I'm taking your money! Ow. Oh she stabbed me. Uh the hooker stabbed me.

You work eighteen hours and what do you get? Parents sell ya to Paris Hilton.

What? Really? But I thought I was totally jealous of him. He's just married to Jennifer Gardner? Oh my God, I feel so much better. 

Hey wait, the cold is making it shrink some. Where're you going, little feller?

There! It was like that! It looked just like that!  Just like this, buh, but smaller, and right in the place where her underwear should've been. If I trim it down, it'll look right..

Yeah, that's it little buddy. Just let it out.

Nothing.  Nothing!  It's the liberal media! They're keeping the stories of my deeds covered up, so as not to cause a panic. Well, I guess it's time to take it up a notch! 

Oh no. I don't wanna have to buy a Batman costume.

I'm rebuilding society. Here, take a look.  This is the library, and over here is the bank. That over there I'm thinking into a P.F. Chang's or a Bennigan's. And this  is a memorial to Eric Cartman, the person who gave his life so that I could rebuild society. Well ma'am, I guess we should start repopulatin' the earth, huh?  I'm ready whenever you are.

Oh my God, the police are looking for us!

I know what you mean. I hate having my future self around, too.

...So? I told you guys before:  I'm not Kenny.

So where's the part where we have a good time?

What are you guys talkin' about? Harleys are neato!

That's Ryan Ellis. Looks like they've gotten to him too.

Bitch you should be doin' kisses on the playground. You can make fifty bucks a day! Buy all the purses and shoes that you've ever wanted. I'll treat you right, bitch.

There's a new girl that started school here today. And she's joined the cheerleading squad.

We took all kinds of video with his drone.

Tru... Tr-Trent Boyett! Haaaa!  Dad! Mom! I'm don- I'm done playin' now!  Aaaaah! Let me in, Dad!  Mom, Dad, you gotta open the door! 

... What? Lexus, what are you saying? Are you saying... you don't want to be together anymore?

Uh stop... Stop trying to make me say things I don't want to on your TV show.

Hey, Eric, I don't think they can get out. 

Boy, I've really done it this time. I have one simple direction: "Go that way." How did I end up getting lost? My amigos were right: I am a lousy Meheecan. They're all living the good life while I'm, while I'm stuck out here in Meheeco. I am... The Last of the Meheecans.

My dad and I shot it yesterday at the lake.

Yo dawg, uh, can't I just go back home right after the flight so I don't get grounded?

We're just goin' through the neighborhood an' seein' if you've accepted the government into your heart.

...Bennigan's.
You'll love all our... shenanigans.
Oh, nutsack  Oops.
&lt;/poem&gt;

I'm tired of it. You hear me, fellas?! Kenny's dead and you'll just have tuh deal with it.

Why don't you shut up, Dad, and stick it in your ear, for cryin' out loud! 

Go in there? Uh, but they'll see me.

OOAH! Uh, sir, you said pizzas were coming!

They got Pilgrim outfits! And Indian ones, too! They've got singing and dancing and boy you've never seen such a show! Why, it's a Thanksgiving extravaganza!

Heeyyy, what are you doin'?  Aaaah! You may have won this time! But I will be back!

Oh. Well, you're good at adventurin', huh Stan? 

Now let us go look for my minions!  They ran away here, now to find 'em... 

Yeah. I think it'd be better to start lower.

Really? So I shouldn't care if I come up with an idea, and the Simpsons already did it. It... uh...doesn't... matter.  Everything is back to normal, a, I think... I think I can go back to tryin' to destroy the world again.

Oh yeah, that it would split my neurons and scramble my brains! I forgot!

'Course. My bottom bitch keeps a database of all our customers, specially the VIPs, like Senator Morris.

I waited all night for you to get off work.

Oh my God. Oh my God they say me. They saw me and they're gonna be so angry! Maybe they didn't see me. No! No, they saw me, they see everything! I did something really bad. Really really bad. 

Look, fellas, I can't do it! My mom and dad call in every hour from work to make sure I am here. If I don't answer the ph-phone, it'll know I'm- I'm up to no good!

Eh, you thnk it's a gimmick? Susanne promises right on the box that it works.

But Eric, wu-why would the, Chinese tell us their invasion plans?

Wah I have to get to South Park. Eh, if you give me a ride, I could pay you the four dollars I made at the titty bar.

No, uhno, can we skip the wiener stuff and just get to the dragons?

But fellas, if I go on Maury Povish, with- with my balls on my chin, my parents are gonna get really mad.

Wait right here, Stan. I warn you: you may not like what you're about to see. 

Whoa boy, he's cheesed out of his mind! 

Oh man, this is freaky. Like that movie Paranormal.

Hey he sure is! We do everything together. Why last night we even had a slumber party. 

Hey Stan, well, some people are sayin' that you knew what you were doing all along. That, that you, you cut off your wristband on purpose to shed light on the Belarusian farmers.

Sir, we believe your fitness system is flawed, and that for 99% of us, it is unfair.

Yeah, how can the 17% be sticking it to the 83%?

I'm not gonna be confused anymore just because you say I should be! My name is Butters, I'm eight years old, I'm blood type O, and I'm bi-curious! And even that's okay! Because if I'm bi-curious, and I'm somehow made from God, then I think your God must be a little bi-curious himself! 

Uh, no, he's pretty much just a truck driver.

So ummm yeah, ah, I was hopin' maybe I could get a kiss.

Yeah, if anything you should wash your hands before you touch your weiner! 

Ow! Huhuh, ow! Okay, eh.  Ow! There. Okay, I think it's on.

Hello? Anybody-eh.  Woof. Woof. Woofwoof.  Eh. Woof, eh. Woof. 

Aw. Aw I got her killed too? Aw uh, oh well, at least she was ugly. 

So! You all think that you can outsmart Professor Chaos, do you?!

Now hold on! I am stopping the fight!  Eoh!

Oh no you don't! You've gotta use the cissy bathroom!  Well go on, cissy! 

We're waitin' in line for the-ah spook house.

Yeah, it feels great! I never wanna see bush again!  I finally paid a lady to show me hers. You wanna know what's under that bush? Nothin' but a pair of sick Joker lips.

Ah, hang on a second. My mom said to make sure I look good this time in... the school pictures. 

Yeah, he needs some sleepy night-night, doesn't he, buddy?

"Makes your calves stronger in just - two days!"

Aww, Sn-Snarf, could you maybe like sh-shut up for five minutes?

But some people think you crapped on Teacher's desk, uh to get out of the fight.

He wishes he would have been a better son sometimes.

Yeah, we're sick of school! But all the good attention-getting startup names are taken.

Watch it, fellas. I'm pretty sure this guy wants to rape us.

No surprise there. It's Bridon.  I get to be a stand-in! 

Teacher said I can't let go till we're back on the bus!

Ah, my faithful companion in world destruction, General Disarray.

Wow, Eh eh you sure are a p-professional, Eric! I don't know which swatch I like best.

Oh jeez n-no, I I don't know, fellas.

It's a little stuffed bear dressed as a rabbit. 

I will. You're really great for going to warn Kyle, Eric.

Ahah-I can't, fellas. Ah-I'm grounded for lookin' stupid in my school picture.

Hooray!  And then we can make our wieners bigger, and have the lady massage them.

Nuh uh! Because my cloak is made of a... titanium alloy that shields me from heat!

You mean I'm... gonna kiss a girl... today?

Ah, hey fellas! Ah, I see you met my robot.

Uh huh. Unh, they said I TP'ed the art teacher's house.  I don't seem to remember it,  but they're pretty sure it was me.  I just can't get my behavior under control!

Really glad you joined the company, Annie! Now remember: you're chargin' five dollars for a kiss, two for a hug, and six for half and half. Alright bitch? Alright, how about a freebie?  Ohwoah,  whoopie! 

Heyah, whatever Stan. Yeah I thought you were a butthole,  but n-now I think you're a good sneaky little butthole. 

Goodnight, Butters. Hmm. Alright, I guess I'm goin' to fast-forward.  Dr. Janus? 

Boy, how do you like that, bitches? Approval for two housing loans and tax-exempt status. File these away, Sally.

No Irene, please! Just this once, do not abort this baby!

AWESOM-O? Well, I gotta go, Aunt Nellie. Ah, AWESOM-O is havin' some kind of malfunction.  AWESOM-O? Hey, where'd ya go? 

Yep. To find out who the poorest kid in school is, I actually was able to see which kids in school got those coupons they hand out for school lunch.

Uh us too. Uh we saw a picture of a naked lady. We could see her whole beaver.

Hey, that's because we need Bosley. Uh Bosley always told the Angels what their mission was. Remember Bosley? Wah uhwhy uhwhy we need somebody to be Bosley. 

Oh well, uh I kinda don't have any money left. Unh, I spent it all on Raisins the last six times.

Yep! Don't you know nothin' about robot? Come on, AWESOM-O! You can put my laundry away! 

Ah, I need to go to the bathroom. R-really bad.

I, well I was just playin' with my friends, and then, wu-we caught a leprechaun, and then this guy-

I'm sorry, Wendy, but I have a different standard when it comes to my women.  I want a woman who takes care of herself and knows how to look good, who's got perfect skin and no splotches on her legs, and perfect ehhverything.

I think there's somethin' supernatural goin' on. I asked my dad why I was being grounded, and he said that for asking him, that I was more grounded! It doesn't make sense!

Oowhy yu- you best do what he says, uh home-school kid. Why, this is our part of the playground, see? And uh, a-and if you don't follow our rules, whyuh, why we're gonna duct-tape ya to the bench.

Mm. Uhm, maybe I used a little too much silver.

I think I found the problem, ma'am. A broken window roller-upper.

Well, we got scared so we're next door at Wingstreet. 

REALLY great work, bitch! That is another...  sunshine sticker for you.

Aww, I don't wanna do it now , not if they already did it on the Simpsons.  I have to think of something else.  Uh Goddamnit, how come every time I think of something clever, the Simpsons already did it?

Oh, no, I thought you meant you. Eh, you're the fat one.

Homework! I just don't get it! That is the fourth time I've calculated, and it's below average! I thought I was hung, but according to my T.M.I., I have a micropenis! 

Gee whiz. We sure worked hard on that new show.

"Apple and its subsidiaries may also, if necessary, sew yet another person's mouth onto your butthole, making you a being that shares one gastral tract." Hmmm, I'm gonna click onnn... "Decline."

Heh-alright, Mom, I'm all done wrappin' Dad's anniversary present for ya.

I'm not a fag yet, sirruh but a but I am bike-c-curious.

Oh, uhh, uh I'm not imaginary. Ah I'm Butters.

Well, how do you know if you agree to something if you don't read it?

Well ah I don't know what to tell ya. Losin' weight is harder than puttin' it on.

They won't let me on the plane. Why, I can't do anything right!  No, no! I have to go to Hawaii, Kenny! I have no idea what's waiting there for me, but I guh, I can't go on like this! 

Uh, Trent, now, listen to me. I'm sorry for the color-

I really wish I didn't know that stuff. I guess I learned that sometimes, lying can be for the best. Yup. Oh well, when I want a chipotle bleu cheese bacon burger at Bennigan's, I forget all about my dad... bein' queer and my mom tryin' to kill me. I'm gonna be okay.

Well, sure I do, Mom. I love you, too.

I really think this intervention is Towelie's last chance.  Towelie! Open the door!

Hahaha, and they're probably just realizing that now! Quick! We must turn on the news! 

Hey, I know! How about a dog parade? 

I was havin' happy dreams, about a girl and-!

I don't want anymore discussions, Eric! I don't want anymore excuses!

42! Red 13! Sunshine and happy thoughts! Sunshine and happy thoouughts! HUT!  Oh no, that kid's gonna intercept it!  Good job, kid! 

But it won't stay on. I- I need a rubber band or somethin'.

An all-new sushi restaurant just opened in town. Try their lunch specials.

...Oh right, I, I'm sorry. Well, everyone has a creamy filling, Eric. And and some people have so much of that filling that it, that it comes out sometimes. A lot of times, when I go to sleep, and especially if I've had them wonderful dreams that make me feel really good, sometimes I wake up, and when I wake up, I I realize some of my goo has come out.  But I always make sure I keep it, just in case I ever run out of all my sunshine happy feelings.

And when they try an-and thank you for those balloons, you say "Ah I don't need any thanks! I did it 'cause it was the right thing to do!" And then you give them a smile!

But I was just trying to stop him, and you said-

It's okay, buddy, you've got a smokey on your tail, bug Big Rig Butters is here to help! Vroovrooom. 

Well, l-uh, I mean, uh, you never know. Uh, the government does some pretty spooky things. The government and the corporations headed by the Jews that tear down 9/11.

Yes! Now the world shall feel the wrath of Professor Chaos! Hahaha!

Hey, you fellas wanna go see High School Musical 3 tonight? Bunch of kids from school are gonna see it again.

Wuh-are my... mom and dad back home yet?

Now Kyle, don't fly too close to the sun, or it'll burn your wings, an- and you'll crash into the ocean.

Oh you bet! I love all the stuff you said about how our school president never does anything, and how she's changing everything?

Yeah. Oo-oo-why, us men will show those skanky hos who's who!

Eric, you're the ...best friend in the whole world. I... I love you.

I no longer need to explain anything to you, Father!

Huh? Oh, I dunno. It's around here somewhere. Hey! So what do you wanna do now, AWESOM-O?

I am Professor Chaos, and now, this puny world uh will bow down to me! 

Wewell, come on. We gotta buy us some more duct tape.

Whoa, thank God that's over. Now I can get back home. 

Hello, sir. Postman Butters here with a special delivery for you.

Oh, that's all right, AWESOM-O. Come on! I have a lot of things to teach you. 

Please! You can't do that! I have to find a way out of this!

Oh, all right. Well all right, here you go. 

Oh. Well, alright, Mom. O-o-okay then.  You know, I think the car might be movin', Mom.  Yep, I'm pretty sure the car is movin'. Looks like I'm headin' for the water.

Oowuh how are we gonna do that? Does it hurt?  I don't wanna do it if it hurts. Or if it... makes you get all sticky.

Oh jeez. I I guess maybe your soul is stuck here for a different reason.

Uh Dad, can I uh can I see the newspaper real quick?

But sir, i was just handing out coupons for-

Well, mu mu mu girlfriend broke up with me.

Thanks. I'm just glad the whole thing is over and done. Maybe now poor old Dr. Janus can finally get the help he needs.

No, let me tell you somethin', fellers! You always take advantage of me, and after reading The Catcher in the Rye, I've learned you're nothing but phonies! I'm not letting you trick me this time! So the four of you can just suck on my wiener!

Hehey! This is gonna be just like Vietnam, huh fellas! Whoopie!

Gals. Gals, could you all come gather round? Gather round, gals; take a knee.  Gals, I... well I'm afraid I can't do this anymore. I'm gonna be leavin' the company. Well I enjoyed being your pimp and all, it's just that... when I see real love, like what those two people have, well, well it just makes me feel like a... well, like a dick. Well I may be a man now, but it doesn't mean I have the right to be earnin' money for what girls do, whether you're chargin' fellers for kisses by cash or by makin' them listen to your stupid motherfuckin' problems. Well that's your hard work. Bitches, this is your company now, so get out there, and make yourselves some motherfuckin' money!

What?? W-why the heck would you do that. Wuh they wanna kill me for not bein' a real freak!

Eric says you gotta come to his house right away.

More spinach for Popeye!  Imagine an M60 for Jesus!

Loo loo loo, I've got some apples. Loo loo loo, you've got some too. Loo loo loo, I've-

Oh God I think they're gonna drink blood now. They've got some kind of chalice, and they're  uhn... 

They uh tr-tried to come in through the roof! They were gonna take the gun.

Hey, look. Some other kids are doin' the same thing we are.  Eugh

He didn't tell me nothin'. Annd I'm sworn to secrecy. Ih-it's really important, Kyle, and it isn't what you think.  Uh, don't make me say any more!

I I just could- I just couldn't stop thinking about you.

Where's all the waterfalls and shi-and shipwreck lagoons?

Ahoy fellow club members. Congratulations on leaving your meaningless lives behind to become pirates.  Your life of boredom is at an end, thanks to Captain Cartman. All hands on deck! 

Please leave me alone, Eric. My bottom is really sore.

Hey Eric, I'm just lookin' at a video of bird eggs that I took.

Huh nice attempt, ninja! But now both of you shall feel the power of my Web of Holding!  Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! You are both trapped in spiderwebs! 

Hold on. Are you saying that girl wants to go out with me?

Hey, wait a minute.  Why, that's the van that-  Oh my God!

Oh, no. No. Oh, no. No! Oh no no! 

I let those people down! Don't you get it, man?! Eight people died!

Stay positive, Stan! All right guys, cuddle up, cuddle up!  Now what is goin' on out there?

What?!  Oh, Jesus! I don't wanna get the 'thrax, fellas! Uh, what do I do?

Hello, Craig. How would you like to know the Truth?

Oh wait, Lexus. Jeheez, I almost forgot. Ah I got you this present.

Wokay, mom. Ah I'm just gonna be up here, uh doin' my homework.  Yes. By day he is mild-mannered, sweet, and innocent Butters BUT...  nobody knows that he actually has a dark underside...  Professor Chaos! Haha! Time to wreak havoc on the world that shunned me! 

Well sure you do. Ah I am professor, and you shall be my general. From now on you are General... Disarray.

Hey. Hey wait a minute. This ain't a trick, is it? Why you're not gonna, eh stick something icky in my mouth, are ya?

Hu-uh, okay Mom.  Yes. Uh sleet sleep for now.  Tomorrow, the chaos begins. 

Huh, well, okay. Now, don't expect too much with the budget you gave me.

Uh but it must have been a real short movie, though, because Dad came out, like, ten minutes later. ...And it must have been a sad film, too, because, he had a bunch of tissue paper with him when he came out. Poor old Dad, the movie really got to him.

Well, gush, ah, I need to go. I can't picket, guys.

Eric! Eric, you have to save us! An entire army of Jew robots! 

But there is. You guys gotta believe me. First there was just a couple, but now it's like they're growing. They have fangs and drink blood and everything.

That's because your mother betrayed my mothers, Juggernaut!

Okay! Hey, hey, heh excuse me. Pardon me. Heh,  you guys look terrific. Wow, this game is great!

I don't know. Weh I never really thought of it that way. 

All right, first string, cover those wideouts. Tell 'em how much you like their outfits! Clyde, Token! Hug those two players and give their quarterback a kiss. 

My movie!  My awesome cool movie. My... precious.

Yeah. My dad always said "It's Okay to lose, but if you don't try, wuh you're grounded, Mister."

The thing is, Towelie was pretty happy before. He had a girlfriend he liked.  And then she got pregnant and had a little washcloth.  Mm but then Towelie just kept gettin' more and more high, and he got kicked out of the house.

Uh this feller David Blaine. He's doin' magic tricks. Hey, where'd you get that ice cream?

Nnno , uh no, no, it can't be.

Yeah, uh, Wendy said to give you this.  I'm like a mailman. 

Oo what the heck are you talkin' about?

Yeah well, you tell that to their families. 

Uh well, sure thing, Stan. Eh, how come you care about schoolwork all of a sudden?

Yeah. One time he made me think a meteor had hit the earth, and convinced me to stay down in a bomb shelter for three days.

I'm tellin' ya guys, this is the most genius idea I've ever come up with. A lot of boys would pay to kiss my employees.

W-w-well there's an Asian over there with a calculator. 

There's someone here to wrestle you, Irene! A baby you aborted many years ago survived! And he's here now!

Yeah. Why, we sure-uh gave those skanky bitches what for!

That's it! Eric, hurry! Somethin's goin' on out here!

Why yes, I did. But he pushed me down and I scraped my elbow.  Go on and look at it. It's scraped. Look.  Yeesss. Go on and see the red mark on my elbow, the red mark I made myself to throw you off Professor Chaos's trail.

Mm, but this is just gonna make things worse for me.

Hey Eric! What'd ya say to the principal for missing first period?  Not that we were doing anything interesting. Right Eric? 

Wha-ah I don't know about this, uh. I think I'll reconsider. Yep uh I think reconsiderin' is the thing to do right now.  Waaah!  Gooh. 

No!  No, please!  Don't kill him! He's my best friend! He's my best friend in the whole world! 

So then, ah, the fella with the mustache eats all the cupcakes, and the lady takes out a gun and puts it in his face and she says "I"-

I should have never listened to you! Ah I should have known this would get out of hand!

Oh good, 'cause I really can't take it anymore.

Wuuhh, it's really fun.You toss these little rocks at cars, and if the driver gets angry, you blame me.

Well I don't have nothin' to confess. Honestly.

Kyle, Eric wants you to know that he's, he's sorry for all the times he made fun of you being a no-good stinking Jew.  He's asking for your forgiveness. And and he wants you to just remember the good times.

Well, sure, that makes sense, I suppose, yeah. Hey, did you seen my mittens anywhere?  It's cold out here.

But if you leave me now, you'll take away the biggest part of me.Oo-oo-ooooo-oo girl, baby please don't go. Eh,Oo-oo-ooooo-oo girl- Eric?  Eric, is that you?

Y-yes sir!  I-I gotta... mine some coal... really fast!

This is going to seem very strange and, and you may not believe me, but, well, your son wanted me to tell you something.

Why thanks. Sally, I think your position behind the temp building at recess is perfect. Megan, I'm thinkin' about moving you to the baseball field after school during little league practice.

I know, but are you sure Kyle has to be taught a lesson?

Oh, o-o-all right AWESOM-O. Let's get us some shut-eye,  or what, or whatever robots have. 

Oh geez, are we gonna start lezzing out? 

Well no, ah I just thought it was one of your other personalities trying to give me a-

Why I, I just don't wanna watch him kill himself... I don't even know who he is anymore!

Oh sure! My black employee Charise over there, one time she made two thousand dollars, on one customer! Can you believe it? Two thousand dollars just to kiss a feller. She currently stays in a motel room, 'cause a lot of her customers see her late.  You wouldn't believe the time of night some fellers wanna kiss.

Oh, stop trying to ruin Easter, you! You heathen! 

Little Bunny Foo-Foo hoppin' through the forest
Scoopin' up the field mice and boppin' 'em on the head
Down came a white angel and she said
"Little Bunny Foo-Foo, I don't wanna see you
Scoopin' up the field mice and boppin' 'em on the head"
So now I'm gonna turn you into a worm, mbuh, mBunny Foo-Foo... Eh, beh-POOF
Little Wormy Foo-Foo crawlin' through the forest
Gettin scooped up by the field mice who mah-m then they bopped 'im on the head

Well I had another idea of how to kill the world, but I thought it was... almost too horrible to e- to even speak of, but-  but now they have left me with no other choice!

Alright. I'm goin' to the bathroom now. If anybody needs me, ah that's where I'll be.

Well wait, hold on now. Why I'd never get in the way of somebody being happy. Well us pimps gotta be good. Even to each other.

Hey, everybody, they just found out what caused the flood in Beaverton! 

But this is what I keep seeing in my head!

Well, m-no. I've got arms and legs; I've got everything.

You promised me we wouldn't get in trouble!

I have to come right to my room after school.

Wull I can't eat no more. I-I just keep pukin' it up.

Buh, huh, but... Oh jeez, it was just a dream.

So then, so then the fireman says "That won't even fit in my scrotum!"  Yeah!

No! Kenny's my friend! He's the only kid at school I actually like, you buncha jerks!

"Dried food rations. Add water to feed flavored square..."  Hello?  Hello??

Hey! Why don't we have Jimmy do some stand-up comedy? Like at our bake sale, very much?

Yep. That's right. He's a real live robot. He can walk and talk and everything. You're like the fourth kid I told already.  Well I gotta go Dougie. My robot and I have stuff to do.  Heheh, they're all so jealous!  I'm so glad you came into my life, AWESOM-O. You're the best friend a guy could have.

Ah I hope not! I wanna see Eric kick the crap out of her! 

It certainly is, Mother. Did ya hear about what's been goin' on? Some horrible new supervillain made somebody get the wrong soup order ot Bennigan's.

Oh, I'm so glad we didn't miss it! 

Huh you made me break one rule, I'm not breaking the other! It's all I have now.

No, wait! Uh I was back home in bed!

Well of course he is. He's my robot, ain't he?

I can't! Don't you see?!  Don't make me swallow this! Wa-I'll do it

Come on, let me see!  Oh boy! I'm number 11! Whoopie! Number 11! 

So Dagwood says "Good, guh-good thing we're playin' ...uh the back nine at your house." 

Sorry, Stan, I'm not a dancer anymore.  I gave that up.

Hello? Anybody? Come on Mantequilla, you have to find that border!  Lalala, lalala, Work Mexican Work. Lalala, lalala, Work Mexican Work. 

Gee whiz, there sure is a lot of 'em.

Hey fellas. I got the tampons. Uh, I didn't miss it, did I?

Take all the beer cans in South Park and have them shaken up in a huge mixer at the paint store so that-

Fellas! Fellas come quick! Cartman's gonna fight the midget! 

Fellas! Fellas! It's- Ohmygod! You're not gonna believe this!

Uh let me handle this, Stan.  Uh now l-listen up and listen good, everyone! Why, I'm awful disappointed in you drinkin' and carryin' on this way! Why you uhyou should be ashamed of yourselves! Uh if you don't get outside right now, and tell those army guys you're not religious fantastics, there's, why there's gonna be heck to pay. Uh, heck, I tell ya! 

So... the ghost was in my head. The whole time.

Now everyone is gonna know what we were doing!

Can you believe we're at a real live movie studio, AWESOM-O? Aren't we havin' the best time?!

Yeah. I was up there poundin' my wiener for two days straight, aaand finally, I thought about Stan's Mom's boobs, and this little tiny spooge of... this white stuff came out.

It's Mooey! Mooey, wave to me! Wave to me, Mooey!

