All right, enough! Keep that kid out of the way and let's get back to the nuking at hand!

Stand by. Be ready to destroy it. 

Alright, troops. We depart for Afghanistan in five minutes! Let's move out!

Oh my God. Quick! Radio the helicopters!

They've been saying that for over forty years.

We've intercepted this videotape the terrorists made for broadcast. Luckily we've kept it from being broadcast to the public. 

Perhaps... there is consciousness in this robot. Maybe we as a society need to realize that artificial intelligence... is intelligence all the same, and we can learn from the robots. I think maybe one day we can all-  Hey, wait a minute, did, did that robot just fart?

What? There was no drill ordered!

Get him out of here!

By attacking our imagination the terrorists have found our most vulnerable spot. And we've determined that the best course of action is to nuke our imagination.

Good. I don't want that robot mobile until I know what it's capable of. All right, power it on. 

What?!

According to all the tests and the data, the doorway should work, but... it never has.

Yes sir. And now we believe he's building weapons of mass destruction... in heaven.

Ladies and gentlemen, I have dire news. Yesterday, at approximately 18:00 hours, terrorists successfully attacked... our imagination. 

Welcome to Afghanistan, troops! Get your gear ready and report to the barracks at o-nine hundred!

Who made you, robot?

Look out! 

I want digital imaging and resource magnification done stat!  If that kid isn't imaginary, I want to know who he is, where he's from, and who his friends are!

All right, people, I want this nuking done by the books.

What I am about to tell you is highly classified. Two days ago, Muslim terrorists hijacked our imagination.  Frankly we don't know what their next move is or how to stop them.

Tell them that the government can't help them, but that we're very sorry. You know the plan, people! We can only evacuate citizens below this line! 

What do you see in there?

Sector 2? 

Don't worry, everyone. The government is here to save you. 

Sector Two?? 

Hey Marsh, get in here! 

Looks like those alien cops were right. Guess you should call them back now.

Gentlemen, Ladies, we all know that we live in a time of uncertainty. The risk of an attack on American soil is higher than ever. Now, I believe we may be able to curb that risk. Two days ago our intelligence department came across this:  The AWESOM-O 4000. It is currently being used by Catamount Pictures to develop ideas for movies. Our sources say that in just one week it has come up with over one thousand movie ideas, eight hundred of which feature Adam Sandler. 

I know you don't. Get him out of here!  Aaand being that we are all big Mel Gibson film fans, we thought maybe you could help us.

Song? You didn't say anything about a song before.

I'm just about through playing with you boys! We're running out of time! You have to remember that song in its entirety! 

Sir, you must understand our fears. We must take out those facilities. We must...  bomb heaven!

What??

There's been an abort, Mr. Gore.

Do you realize what's goin' on here?! Terrorists have attacked our imagination, and now our imaginations are running wild!  You'd better start remembering!

Not quite, but we have a new problem, Mr. President. Our recon team on the ladder just found new evidence of threats... from Saddam Hussein.

You're paid to think, Mr. Scientist! National security is our jub.  Gentlemen, we're going to Los Angeles!  I want that robot!

Sector 2? 

You signed an agreement, kid. We don't have time for this. Go on and do it.

No- No. That's not an idea, that's a twist. We need ideas.

We have no choice. Terrorists have attacked us where we are most vulnerable. There's no other option.  We have to nuke our imagination. 

Shhh! Tom! That's super-secret.

That's why we've asked you here, M. Night Shyal-amalam.  The Sixth Sense, Signs, The Village, all very clever films. But can you use your amazing idea brain now to help us stop the terrorists?

We were hoping to keep this quiet until it was all over, but, two days ago there was a terrorist attack on our imagination, and now our imaginations are running wild.

Aw, see? Good job, Tom! Why don't you just tell them everything about Project X?!

Get him out of here.  Mr. Bay, can you think of any idea how to outwit these terrorists?

Yeah. Say what you will about Mel Gibson, but the son of a bitch knows story structure. Get the videotape and do a background check on everyone in it!

Are those arm and leg locks secure?

That's it, isn't it?! Where do the Chinese keep this portal? How does it work?

Ever since the Cold War, the U.S. Government has been working on a secret project to build a doorway into the imagination. It is called "Project Imagination Doorway."

Dear Christ, they gave it memories, too.

Unethical? Let me explain something to you, Mr. Scientist! We understand that the robot is from Japan! That means that the Japanese have more of them! And if the Japanese fabricates one of them into a weapon before we do...

All right, let's get the cash put into boxes! 

Wow, kid, you're a little faggot! 

We've come to help you beat those Japs, boys!  There won't be anyone stopping this great ladder from being built today!  Alpha Team! Get that support structure up! Ciranom's Team! Get us photos and recon! 

You boys need to come with us on a matter of national security.

If I'm not mistaken, you're the one who bet that leprechauns weren't real. So why do you care what happens?

Speak in a language we can understand, Mr. Scientist!

We're coming, Miss Nicks! Hang on!

What's happening?

No no! We need ideas how to stop the terrorists!

What?

What the hell are you doing?!

Later in the video we can see another imaginary hostage; this one reading a forced statement.

Talk to me! What's going on?! 

Let me see that!  Why would you agree to suck someone's balls?

All right, men. We don't know what you'll experience on the other side of this doorway, but it will most likely be really weird. If you reach our imagination, you are to take every step necessary to get it under control! Are you ready?

Fine. Kill that son of a bitch!

The world is now safe, thanks to you. And so now, as promised, here is Fleetwood Mac with Stevie Nicks!

WHAT??

My God.

But, who would have programmed it to think it was human? The movie studio?

What?!

Great job, troops! Once again we have killed our enemies!

Ask the squirrel what it knows about the terrorist attack.

Do I have to remind you of your position?! Don't forget you have a duty to your country,  Mr. Scientist!! I want that robot's memories and consciousness E-RASED, so we can take it back to Washington! GOT IT?! 

What we want to know is how! We need to find a way into Imaginationland; you've been there! How did you do it?!

Terrorists have just attacked... our imagination.

Quick boys: how does the Imagination Song go?

Abort the sequence. 

Those aren't ideas, those are special effects!

What?

He's gone, little boy.

What's wrong with it?

The hell are you doing back here?!

Alright men, check the ship. 

Thank you.

N, no. No, they're terrorists. They've been linked to Al Qaeda.

What?!

We've done it! The Taliban is destroyed!

Take me down below! I want to see the Internet for myself!

Get out of there, Kurt Russell!

Yes, uh, I don't suppose you have any creative ideas how to fight these terrorists?

What? How can that be?

Kurt Russell, what's going on?!

Come on, people, we're running out of time! We need all Army helicopters to the Southern states for evacuation NOW!

The hell is going on?! 

All right! Let's do it! 

Mr. Marsh, you are on with all the world leaders. 

Prepare for launch...

All right, Internet. What do you want from us?   If we've angered you somehow, let us know.  Try to communicate with it digitally again.  I've had it with this thing! Fire a warning shot at it! 

There's no time! You need to come with us right now! 

All right, you two can go use the conference room. Go on, we have work to do here.

Yes. It could be a laboratory disguised as a seagull.

Yes, but you were in that one movie that was kinda like this. That gives you more experience than anybody. All right, here we go! Men! Forwaaard!

That's true. You did.

All right, we might as well show it to them.  God-dammit, Tom.

Are you ready, Kurt Russell?

Gentlemen, the terrorists appear to have complete control of our imagination. It's only a matter of time before... our imaginations start running wild.

What's going on?

Kurt Russell, can I get a comm check?

Gentlemen, the President is very angry that his Internet still isn't working.

All right, that's enough! We've still got a lot of work to do, people! Its time to go in and get our imaginations under control!

Why is it so easy for children to break into the Pentagon?!

So, you're saying we should bomb this moment, right now. Right! Johnson!

Oh, and it, it smells, too!

