(over the Braniff Airlines logo) Bye bye buh-buh-buh-buh-buh chicken!

The day is approaching to give it your best
You've got to reach your prime!
That's when you need to put yourself to the test
And show us the passage of time
We're gonna need a montage (Montage)
A sports-training montage (Montage)
And just show a lot of things happenin' at once.
Remind everyone of what's goin' on. (What's goin' on?)
And with every shot, show a little improvement
To show it won't take too long
That's called a montage (Montage)
Even Rocky had a montage (Montage)
In any sport, if you want to go
From just a beginner to a pro
You'll need a montage (Montage)
a simple little montage (Montage)
Always fade out (Montage) into a montage (Montage)
If you fade out it seems like a long time (Montage) has passed in a montage (Montage)
Montage (Montage)

Suckin' on my titties like you wanted me,
Calling me all the time like Blondie.
Check out my Chrissie behind,
It's fine all of the time.
Like sex on the beaches,
What else is in the teaches of peaches?
Huh, what?

So much alike, and yet so different

I've got something in my front pocket for youWhy don't you reach down in my pocket and see what it isThen grab onto it, it's just for youGive a little squeeze and say, "How do you do?"
There's something in my front pocket, There's something in my front pocket,
There's something in my front pocket-

Rabartu Smitu, Rabartu Smitu, tashiwa daisuki Rabartu Smitu. (Robert Smith, Robert Smith, I like you a lot, Robert Smith)

He is risen. He is risen. Let the voices sing his praises on this holy day. He is risen!

So much sufferin'... 

The future begins with you and me.

Cthulhu Cthulhu, Cthulhu Cthulhu.

A great adventure is waiting for you ahead.
Hurry onward, Lemmiwinks, or you will soon be dead.
The journey before you may be long and filled with woe
But you must escape the gay man's ass so your tale can be told.
Lemmiwinks. Lehehemiwinks Lemmiwinks Lemmiwinks-

Turning dreams into nightmares

Ave Maria... 

Wild Wacky Action Bike!The bike that's hard to ride!

I'm one with the birds, and magic is all I see.

Despite all my rage I am still just a rat in a cage.

He's still lookin' good, with all those... sub sandwiches... 

Lemmiwinks, King of Gerbils, stop your brother of doom!

Ultura Lenardu Marutin! 

We've got to work for a better future, we've got to join hands for tomorrow.
Take the first step and you will see the future begins with you and me.
We can start to make a difference if we want it for our children
Recycle that can and plant that tree, 'cause the future begins with you and me.

Destroying all he sees

The world is a vampire, sent to drain.

Goin' to try to ride all day long, but I'm goin' to fail'Cause it's Wild Wacky Action Bike!

I'm not part of your society. I don't follow your fads and rules. Doctrines...

Christmastime is once a year
Every critter holds it dear
Every animal big or small
Christmas means so much to us all

He beat the wife and sleeps it offAlabama Man!

Christmas time is once a year.
Every critter holds it dear.
Every animal big or small,
Christmas means so much to us all.
It's once a year, it's Christmastime!
And it happens once a year.
It's once a year, it's Christmastime!
When we hear about how Christmas only comes
Once a year.

His name is Jared. Jared lost weight eating Subway and... sandwiches of...

...and the home of the... brave! 

But in the end we know we're good for each other
Two peas in a pod, Future Self -n- MeFuture Self -n- Me, Future Self -n-
Me

You and the dark one, Cthulhu

A smuggy day in San Francisco town.

I've got to buy it! I've got to buy it! Chinpokomon! 

Chinpokomon! 

The Catholic Boat's gonna be headin' on out today.
The Catholic Boat. Time to throw all of your cares away.
Get some hot Christian action; it'll make you-

Soaring so high above the world,Never thought I could be so free.

Baaam badam baaam baaadam. Baaam badam bam
Baaam badam baaam baaadam. Baaam badam bam
I'm gonna jack it where the sun always shines. (He's gonna jack it)
Been spreadin' the word and now I need to ease my mind. (Jackin' it)
(Ohhhh...) Been plantin' them apple seeds and while the apples grow,
I'm gonna go out jackin' it in San Diego! 
(Jackin' it, jackin' it, jackin' it jack
Smackin' it, jackin' it, smackin' it smack)
I don't need no shirt, no, gonna take 'dem pants right off (he's about to jack it)
On such a bright day who needs underwear or socks? (Jackin' jack it)
(Ohhhh...) Been around God's country, and there's one thing I know. 
There's no better place for jackin' it than San Diego!
(Jack it, jack it, jackin' it jack
Smackin' it, smackin' it, smackin' it smack
Jackin' it, jackin' it, jackin' it jack 
Jackin' it, smackin' it, smackin' it smack) Jackin' for the Loooord!

You and the dark one, Cthulhu
Sharing adventures and smiles,
It's a magical bond two pals can share.
Soon the whole world will be made aware of
You and the death lord, Cthulhu
Makin' the world a better place.
Together you will have so much fun

Bar-bura, Bar-bura! 

He's still lookin' good, eatin' them sandwiches all the time... 

Rabartu Smitu, Rabartu Smitu! 

We've got to work for a better future, we've got to join hands for tomorrow.Take the first step and you will see the future-

I got to buy ChinpokomonI got to buy it, I got to buy it! 

He's still lookin' good!
His name is Jared
His name is Jared and he likes to eat the sandwiches...

Alabama ManHe's quick, he's strong, he's active.

Bar-bura, Bar-bura, ugoina chichi da. (Barbra, Barbra, those tits are wonderful)

He's right. It's time for all of us to focus our energy and get this hippie jam into full swing. 

Soaring so high above the world.

You can't ride it, you can't ride itWild Wacky Action Bike!

One of them's messy, the other one's clean!
Gettin' along isn't always easy, sometimes we disagree

The evil hate-filled Cthulhu, from a dimension far away.Flying through gates of madness and into your heart

Burn down down, burn down Hot Topic.
Don't let it steal your soul away.
Burn down, burn down Hot Topic.
Light the fire. Take control.
Burn down, burn down Hot Topic.
Don't let it take your soul.
Burn down, burn down, burn down Hot Topic.
And take control.
Burn down... Hot Topic.
Burn it down... Hot Topic.

You've got the strength, you've got the courage
Even with a dead fetus on your head
You carry on
You fight for tomorrow
Dead fetus or no, you never let go
You're my conjoined-twin-dead-thing-hanging-off-your-head woman

If I could swim with the dolphins, the soft and gentle dolphins...Why can't I swim with the dolphins?

From his window there's a guy shootin' video. (Video of him jackin' it)
And if the good Lord Jesus comes knockin' on my door,
Just tell him that I'm jackin' it in San Diego. 
(Jackin' it, jackin' it, jackin' it jack
Spankin' it, spankin' it, smackin' it smack (he's about to jack it)
Whack it jack it whack it jack it whackin' it jack
Whack it whack it smack whack whackin' it whack)

Megara Poatia, Megara Poatia, sokuroi da ne. (Megara Poatia Megara Poatia. Look, how black you are.) Megara Poatia, Megara Poatia-

Let's get out the vote! Let's make our voices heard!
We've been given the right to choose between a douche and a turd.
It's democracy in action! Put your freedom to the test.
A big, fat turd or a stupid douche. Which do you like best?

We got the best response. We'll be opening for Phil Collins for sure.

What's goin' on in this world o'mine?There's a whole lot of killin' in this world o'mine. Somebody's gotta help this world o'mine...

Bar-bura, Bar-bura... ...kirai no hito. (you are so hateful) Bar-bura, Bar-bura... ...anata no hi. (today is your day) 

Here we are, face to face, "My Future Self -n- Me" 

''Wikileaks, the bum hacker with a heart of doom.Everyone knows the gerbil king, but no one ever speaksOf Lemminwinks's brother, the evil Likiweaks...

I got to buy it! Chinpo-ko-mon!

Subarashii chinchin monoKintama no kame aru Sore no oto ha "saru bobo"Iie! Ninja ga imasuHey Hey Let's Go! kenka suruTaisetsu no mono protect my ballsBoku ga warui so let's fighting Let's fighting love... Let's fighting love... Kono uta chotto bakaWake ga wakaranaiEigo ga mechakuchaDaijobu? We do it all the time!Hey hey let's go kenka suru...

