And what say you, Morpheus?

Then the day is lost.

We can get Imaginationland under control; the Chosen One just needs more time!

It sounds like you learned much, young lion apprentice. Very well. But before you go, perhaps you would like... a stick of gum?

We prepare for a battle we cannot win.  Sweet and cuddly imaginary characters, many who have never held a weapon,  must now fight for their very lives. We are too few in number,  but we have one hope. That is where you come in, young boy.  Only you can help us win this battle.

Bring him here!

Yes? What is it, young lion apprentice?

Fellow Council, these are indeed dark times. The evil forces amass at our gates as we speak. Zeus believes we should evacuate.

Cavity Creeps?

Mmm. Then there may be hoipe in you yet, young apprentice lion. Very well. We wihill let you stay, if... you can pull this thorn from my paw.  Go on, try it. Pull my thorn! Come on! Pull my thorm!  Ho ho ho ho ho ho! Ho ho! 

Project Imagination Doorway? 

Quickly Santa! They need you on the battlefield!

Oh. So you don't want any gum then? Are you... sure? Go on, try it!

Home. But I thought your friends made fun of you at home.

Go on. It's spearmint!

That is good stuhuff! 

BELIEVE IN SANTA! RIGHT NOW!

So, you want to live with the lions, do you?

The day is ours! 

Jokes! You know, funny, hahaaa. Us lions love jokes.

Santa Claus was killed in the terrorist attack. The first thing we need is for you to bring him back.

It is a dark time for all of us, young boy. But know that if you believe in yourself, everything will turn out all right.

Now you see your potential, young creator. But there is still much more we need from you if we are to win this day!

The boy is doing it! Everything is going to be okay!

You have a power here that you have yet to understand.

And what makes you think you can fit it with us?

Is this the boy who's been living in our realm?

He-you may. But being a lion may be harder than you think.

Quickly! You must imagine a giant Crest Gel! 

I believe this child was brought into Imaginationland for a reason. Perhaps the Mayor knew something we don't.

There's no time left! You have to get control of your imagination and bring Santa back NOW!

Do you like jokes?

Good, Butters. Now imagine some more archers on the castle walls!

Imaginationland... used to be a happy place. But then the terrorists attacked.  And so many of us were killed.  The Barrier came down, and all the most evil imaginary characters were unleashed.  Now our final battle will take place. The evil characters are marching toward us with the intent to wipe us all out. 

