Don't you guys still wanna play "Truth or Dare"?

He's already seen High School Musical 3 over a hundred times.

Kyle, this is very difficult for me. I think we need time apart.

Let's just get a magnifying glass and look at everyone's heads.

Rebecca moves we work on List 47D. Does that sparkle with all the girls?

And we have a right to know which boy had lice in his hair so we don't ever go out with them!

Yeah! You have a bad self-image, Wendy! You need to go down to the gym and get a better one!

As long as we care about each other we can still have some fun.

The committee has already decided that nothing with stripes can be in the Top 5 cutest purses.

The pioneers met with the Indians, and negotiated for their fertile lands. 

Wow.  Wendy and Cartman are gonna fight after school!

"Thumper is gray with a white spot. Sometimes he likes to chase his tail. 

You're not even spoiled, because your parents give money to charity!

Nichole loves Kyle! Nichole and Kyle sittin' in a tree.

If you hadn't gone all Nancy Drew on us, this would have just gone away! 

Yeah, they started coming in last week. At first I thought they were just mosquito bites, but, then they didn't go away.

Yes, that's it.  That's it, Helen. Water! WA-TER!

It puts the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again.

Stan, I need you to watch the egg for a while.

Oh what? So farts are hysterical but queefs are gross?

I hope so Wendy. He's got such a hot ass.

But, I, I don't know if I want to. Sometimes I think I'm not as smart and cool as they say, that everyone just tells me I am because of my hooters.

After a boy in my class tried to put his tongue in my mouth, I knew I needed legal help. Kyle's dad helped me get a $1.6 million settlement, and this bright new shiny bicycle. Thank you, Kyle's dad! 

She's gonna fight! Wendy's gonna fight Cartman right now!

Please. Just remember the good times we had. I'll never forget you. Never.  Okay, Clyde, we can go now.

Mom, why is everyone acting so different around me?

It puts the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again.

Sorry Wendy. You're just not a whore. Get lost!

Can we maybe try one without Lisa Berger?

What did you do, Wendy?! Go rat on us because you're not invited to our Paris Hilton party?!

Yeah.  I wish I had a partner like Kyle! I went to go pick up the egg from Stan yesterday, and his dog had it in its mouth! Our egg isn't gonna last a week with Stan around!

Mr. Slave has no idea what he's in for.

Alright, look. When two people work closely for a long time, sometimes they feel what's called, "sexual tension." Sometimes you just have to act on impulse and get it over with.

We wouldn't give a rat's ass if Leonardo DiCaprio came walking past us.

They're here! The audition results for the school musical are in! 

Okay. It's my turn. Stan? Truth or Dare?

That does it! I'm NOT letting these things run my life!

Wow, Paris Hilton is at my party! I rule!

Yeah. If you're too scared to race, just say so!

That girl sure has a strange sense of fashion.

"Thumper is twelve years old. That's pretty old for a cat. The end."

I'm just feeling really trapped. I can't go on with this codependency.

I heard she has tentacles and eats children for lunch.

Wow, look at all this great stuff. Stupid Spoiled Whore clothes, Stupid Spoiled Whore dolls,

I'm not...  telling! And anyway, I'm not the list keeper, Nelly is! And Nelly will never let you look at it, so there! 

If you really want a shot at getting her back, stand outside her window, hold a boombox over your head, and play  Peter Gabriel.

Then, from the east, came the great white pioneers. 

Oh Mom, it's just... My girlfriends at school said some really mean things to me today.  They called me a slut, with a huge gaping vagina.

Please, you have to help me. I think that if my breasts keep growing this way, boys will give me whatever I want.

You wouldn't be interested, Wendy. My parents are out of town, so it's a Stupid Spoiled Whore party.

That's not for boys to look at! It's a secret girl list and YOU can't see it!

Kiss him and get it out of your system.

No, no. Don't speak. Just try and understand. It has to be this way.

Why not? Britney Spears got fake ones when she was a teenager. Why can't I have mine taken off?

All right, all right, come before the Rainbow Railing. 

What if we meet a guy who wants to be a doctor or a lawyer, but is still getting his degree?

Today's list meeting is called to order. Rebecca, you have the floor.

I've been looking after it all day. I have to go to the hair salon and the candy store!

Marjorine, we were just teasing. We think you're great.

But am I slutty just because I'm beginning to be friends with guys? I mean, they just like me because they think I'm smart and cool.

This is the story of South Park. It begins over a hundred years ago. When the noble and hardy Ute Indians lived on the land.

Take this stick and jam it up your peehole.

Wendy, we're sorry we called you names. Like not-stupid and not-spoiled.

Oh yeah? I bet I can spit in his hair. 

Kyle, could you turn around for a second?  Thank you. 

And then I saw High School Musical 3 again on Friday, and guess who was there? Bridon Gueermo.

Is somebody in there?! I'll tell on you!

Stan, why don't you show her you love her? If you really want Wendy back, try doing the most romantic thing you can think of.

Party at my house tonight, Clyde. You're invited. 

Yuh huh! If you don't wear a condom, you're gonna get AIDS.

Let's bring out our mascot and get this pep rally going! 

Now here's what I'm talking about.  A little midnight blue!

...You guys still wanna go ice-skating after school?

I cannot by Sparkle Law move to have an old list investigated. However, if you can find recourse for such an inquiry, Wendy, I would review it. Does that sparkle with all the girls?

Oh boy, I never meant to cause all this trouble.

She just doesn't wanna be with you anymore. She said she still wants to be friends. 

Hey Bridon, can we watch you practice basketball?

Ever since I got these stupid things everyone treats me differently. I feel like I might be treated differently the rest of my life.

As long as we've got each other, we'll never have any trouble.

Well whether you wanted to or not doesn't really matter now! We're going to get graded together! It's your egg too! Own up to your responsibilities! 

Are we gonna get paid now, or after?

All we're asking is that you do for us what you did for Lisa and help with our imperfections.

Paris Hilton is making an appearance at the mall!

Yeah! Just take your diseases and go away forever!

Uh. Listen guys, uh, It's five-thirty. I'm supposed to get home, so... I'll see you later. 

Wendy, get a clue. The only thing more important than being rich is being famous!

Let me assure you that no list is made hastily by this committee!

I think it's insane to want them bigger.

Do any of you have your condoms on?

Oh, that's okay.  So, Nichole, guess what? One of the boys here already has a crush on you.

Kyle was simple a casualty! To move Clyde meant that Craig has to be moved to number twelve, which moved Jimmy down and moved Jason up!

No it's not, because if I grow up getting everything I want, having things made easy for me because I have hot knockers, then I'm gonna grow up to be a lame person. If I'm handed everything in life, then my chances of becoming a lawyer or a marine biologist are zero.

I think us Cows have the best school spirit. Huh, Mandy?

I think a trip to Hawaii would really improve our sex life.

You guys are so immature! Act like eight-year olds!

Water, Helen. It has a name. Oh, why can't you understand?

Well if the girls don't wanna be my friend, that's fine!  Guys are way cooler, anyways.

Did you seeee these shoes, Wendy?!  They're incredible!

I want to know if I'm gonna live in a big mansion in the future.

Why would you tell me this? Why would you tell anyone this?

That's okay, Wendy. I brought my makeup kit like you asked me. What are we doing, anyway?

