I'm sorry sir, but you have to be inside the store.

Oh, hell no! First I dug up all the bodies, pissed on 'em, then buried them again upside down.

Hey. What do you think you're doing? 

Well, that certainly would explain a lot.

Take a number and wait with everyone else! 

Damn it!

All right, let me get you some helmet and some gear and we'll get up there and hit that fresh nar nar.

Los Angeles. Okay, uh I have a two o'clock flight. That would beee... $400 each.

AAAAAAAAAAAAH! 

Have a good flight. Next, please? 

Maybe they're right, Brian. I mean, this is a special circumstance that-

Ogh, I mean, this here room is, it sure is strange. We have nothin' like these fancy devices in our time.

Well, like this.  I've been wondering what the hell this was.

Well, there was an Indian burial ground here before I bought it.

Yeppir! 

Finally, a fella that talks some sense.

I don't know who you mean?

Sorry, kid, you're just gonna have to crank-call people in the present.

Alright, our last zipliners are here. 

Why not a thousand "Livin' In America"s?

Uhh, noo, somebody has to control it.

Passengers waiting for flight 73 to New Orleans, we thank you for your patience, but the conditions in the Gulf are still delaying our departure. Unfortunately, we've just been informed that the dark lord Cthulhu has shat on the runway at the New Orleans airport, and we'll be delayed at least another hour.

No! I won't take it back!

Why? I don't know. I was drunk.

Okay, and bags have been with you at all times?

Sir, did you try looking at the SD card? All the video gets recorded to that so you could probably determine who flew it. 

Can I help you sir?

Ahh, the Crank Prank Time Phone. Sure. Now, I am required by the state to make sure you know this is for prank-calling the past ONLY, right?

No can do, sonny.

Well, okay. Uh, I'll find him a seat. 

Can I help you boys?

All right, you guys look ready to zipline!

Well an outside financing company handles those payment plans. Customers just pay for some of the machine and the finance company pays for the rest.

Oh yeah sorry, that's gone. We only sell marijuana here.

I said I'm not ahbluh, sir. You see, this Margaritaville was purchased with a payment plan?

Welcome to Backcountry Adventures! Well hey there Michael!

We don't take pubes!

Alright. I'll just need to see your physician's reference.

Yup, 1864, 'cause that's the year it is.

Hm... that's improbahbluh,  but not impossibluh. I'm not really sure how it works; you'll, you'll have to speak with the people at the top. I can give you the finance company's address if that... agreeahbluh with you. 

Nnnyeah, no problem, though. We'll get you on the 7 a.m. flight tomorrow morning.

Lincoln, Nebraska; train leaves in five minutes.

Ma'am, is that your son over there?

The hobby of flyin' drones is new and exciting. How can you not be into it? 

All right, that'll be 6000 credits. 

Hello young man, welcome to Sur la Tahbluh. Can I help you?

Selling medicinal marijuana outside the confines of an approved shop is still illegal.

Oh, that's all we get anymore, returns. Could you please just put the receipt here on this tahbluh.  Sorry, our computers are a little slow today. We need a new Ethernet cahbluh. Oh, I'm sorry, sir, I'd like to give you a refund but I'm afraid it's not doahbluh.

You're going to New York alone?

Would you like a window or an aisle seat?

Take a number and wait with everyone else.

Uh, sir, did you consider that your son might have done that?

You aren't welcome in this store, "nigger" guy.

Two-year-old Canadian boy, two-year-old Canadian boy... Oh, I think they might have one of those down at Haps Bar.

That'll be six dollars.

It's a neurological disorder; he can't help it.

That's the ninth return I've had this week! What's wrong with it?  Ap! Let me guess. It killed a bunch of people, right?

Hey, kid, somebody's on the phone for you.

Hey, you guys here for the 2 o'clock zipline tour?

Howdy partners. I own this hearrr general store.

This is a pretty advanced piece of equipment. It's expensive.

Sure. New state laws say it's okay.

What the-? 

Next!

Uh, we sometimes offer free seats to cancer patients, but AIDS I d-. Heh-hey Mitch? Do we have any AIDS patient policies?

Look, kid, for the fortieth time, pacing in front of the store isn't gonna make the Wii come any faster. 

Welcome to Zeebod's Toys

Welcome to Cartmanland.

That's a little brother? I thought it was a trash can or something. What's wrong with his head?

I see. You five boys are all booked through to Cairo by yourselves?

Next?

Who are you?

Hey don't you wanna buy that toy?

I'm sorry, but we don't do returns. 

Uhhh, nooo. W-we ain't got a phone in our time.

The North Pole?  Who the hell goes to the North Pole?

We don't take pubes!! End of story!!

Hello, you interested in the Stanground braceleh-OH! Wow, it's you!  Stanground, brah!

I'm sorry, but we just can't throw Caucasian babies on an outbound train.

Welcome to FedEx. How can I help you today?

What the hell are you talking about?

Hello, can I help you?

Look, I'm sorry, but the bill says I can't modify any existing structure.

And here's your boarding pass for tomorrow morning.

No! Stop! You don't know what you're doing! Those pets are evil!

What?! Why the hell would they do that?

What do you mean "back then"? Don't forget, it's 1864.

Oh, all right, then I have to have 6000 credits. 

Damn it!  Just like all the other returns! 

Okay, just follow me over to the waiting room and we'll have you take a seat with the others.

Tourette's Syndrome?

...AIDS? Wow, that's really... retro. But ah I'm sorry. I- I just can't give away free seats.

Folks, there's, there's no Internet here. It's not working, I tell ya.

Well, sir we, just can't, sell the marijuana to anybody. You need a reference from your doctor to show it's necessary.

All right, you win.

Alrighty, let's see what kind of-

Mmmokay, the 2:30 flight to Cheyenne has boarded. Looks like you didn't make it.

No, I'm sorry. You can't see this movie. Nobody can see this movie. I can't even go in.

Look, can't we skip all this and just make pot legal? Everyone is just abusing this medicinal system anyway, it's ridiculous.

You wanna return it?

