Just, the grapevine. Um, there's something you should probably know.  Oh man this is hard. Um, the thing is, me and Kyle are kind of, you know, ...together?

Okay guys! Guys, listen! We seriously have to focus here! We have exactly three days before the scout is here to see us wrestle. We gotta step it up and work it like never before.

I didn't come for myself. I just came as an escort for another celebrity who wants in on your lawsuit...

I'm a psychic and you are worse. I have super-awesome powers and you don't.

Mom? Can we pull up the carpeting in the living room?

Butters, do you think 9/11 was just a plot by some angry terrorists, or do you think there was some kind of coverup?

That's nice. When I find it I'll just make you crap yourself so you look like Karen Carpenter.

I've been counting. Do you know there are two hundred and five Mexicans here? and there are a hundred and ninety black people!

Because, Token, we have to take pictures for our album cover.  The key to a hot-selling Christian album is a flashy inspirational album cover.

Oh my god. We're gonna make so much fucking money you guys.

Could you um... go on the Maury Povich show with me and say that I'm out of control and do drugs and have sex so that I can go to the largest putt-putt gold course in the wwoooorrlldd?

What will become of the endeavoring American family?"

Man, that is the gayest dog I've ever seen.

Look: you can stay over nyah , but I'm going over nyah. 

Okay, whoever you are, you are now not only a licehead, you're a liar! You're only making this worse on yourself!

Oho, you guys, you guys! Oh my God.  Okay, okay, so get this, get this: The milk company calls me, right?  And they call me and say that two people from Wisconsin... saw the picture of Kenny on the milk carton, and they think it's their kid. 

Mmm. I can't possibly finish this whole cake. Oh, yes I can. 

Thaat's right. 'Cause it's my birthday, my bu bubu birthday... 

We had a deal! Do you think I'm stupid?! Don't treat me like I'm stupid here! 

This... is cool? This... is cool. We are really gettin' old, you guys. 

How the hell did Mr. Hankey get so popular? Look at all this Mr. Hankey stuff. 

Token, please. You're the only person I can trust. Because in today's time, black people are somehow incapable of doing something wrong.

Blululululululuh. I am the deadly Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka. I am very scary... And dangerous!

Yeah. America is sooo much cooler. In Romania they just oppress you and try to bring you down.

Look!  Sea people. You keep them under a big tank of water and they like, build castles and play basketball and stuff.

I don't know, I just knew it.  Aww man, this smells like meatloaf. Again?!

What, they already have something better than Twitter?

Hey, I know how we get the balls on Butter's chin. Those Star Trek dorks down the street! They're always making crasy masks and special effects for their dumb movies.

No! She's my mom, I can do whatever I want with her! It's more important that I live the way I want!

Go ahead, that's more for us.  You want some beef jerky, buddy? Yes, who's the buddy? Who's hungry?  Who's the hungry man?

Hey, everybody! Check out the all new Cartmanland! It's our Graaand Opening! Cartmanland has over a hundred fabulous rides , six roller coasters , and tons of great surprises!  And the best part is:  You can't come!!  That's right, because at Cartmanland, only I, Eric Cartman, can get in! That means only I can ride the all-new Tornado Twister , a roller coaster that splashes in the water! Wow!  It's the greatest amusement park in the Colorado area! And nobody can go!! Especially Stan and Kyle!! HAHA!!  So come on down to Cartmanland now!  But don't plan on getting past the parking lot,  'cause remember:  So much to do at Cartmanland, but you can't come!  Especially you, Stan and Kyle.

Yeah Mom, it's okay. It's grapefruit and lean han.

This shall be a day for all to remember! Let us bravely charge the fields of Azeroth!  From with-

Antonio, no!  You son of a bitch chicken from outer space... thing, come back here! 

Hey! When are we gonna play Truth or Dare?

Goddamn it, Kenny! Don't get your plague germs on me!

Oh no. No, you guys. We started this company to do nothing. If we start doing stuff now, it'll put it all at risk!

Alright, I don't know who the hell put you all up to this,  but I am sure as hell not going to any gay-ass fat camp!

Well, all alright, Goddamnit! I'll open the park to two people each day! But remember: anybody else you see trespassing the park...

That bitch! Kenny gave his heart to her, and she's just gonna throw it in his face!

Not now! The nurse is gonna walk in any minute with my lunch.

I'm going to flush out Patient Zero. And you're gonna shoot him. It's the only way.

Stop breaking through the window, Kenny! Whoa, I'm gonna crash I'm gonna crash! 

Yes! That's three homeless! Suck on that! Fuck yeah! 

Whatever. All I know is that I can laugh again. I'm gonna go home and eat another chocolate gun. Come on, Kenny! 

What?! Uh they're not so great! They probably don't have a fountain in their lobby!

Yes, and no time to do it. No time... 

Let me tell you something! Let me tell you something! It's true, I love Stan the Man with all my heart, but... I want to be with Juggernaut now.

Our gentle friends of the sea have saved the day. Because they know that only we can save them from the Japanese. 

My stupid friends want to go to the mall to visit Mr. Hankey, but nobody would drive us.

It's not as hard as it sounds, Kyle. Have you ever heard of chatroulette?

Dude, he just goes around imposing his will on people. He's my idol. 

Well, I did a lot of thinking. And you know, guys, there's an important lesson I think we've all learned. What do we do when the tables are turned?
The day's looking brighter. Gray skies are turning blue.
'Cause I'm not (He's not, he's not) the poor kid at school!
Kenny's back and it's such a thrill. Now I'm rich just like Stan and Kiul!
All that matters is no one thinks I'm a tool! 'Cause I'm not (He's not, he's not)
That's right, the poor kid in school.
Sing it with me, guys!
He's not the poor kid in school. (He's not)
I'm not-

Oh! Oh, did you hear him?!  This is exactly what Adele is talking about!  Our culture celebrates anorexia and tries to make us ashamed if we don't have slim stomachs and perky little tits like Kyle!  Well I for one am gonna stop feeling ashamed just because Kyle throws up in the bathroom six times a day  to make sure he looks good on his magazine covers!  You should be ashamed of YOURself, Kyle! eating your latkes and gefilte fish and then putting your fingers down your throat because society tells you how to look!  I'm not feeling shamed anymore! From now on, I'm gonna shop sitting down and skip to the front of the lines with my head held high! Just because someone needs a mobility scooter doesn't mean they're an ignorant piece of white trash, Kyle! I may be fat, but I'm not Honey Boo Boo!

No, mine. M'yah!  Ha haa ha! I broke your space cruiser, Kenny! Ha haa, ha ha ha  bluh oh, ha-ow! 

It's already started. White people in here working for the Chinese. They're selling out their own country!

A hundred and six miles, Scott. I had to ride a hundred and six miles in the back of a pickup truck... to get back here

I told them everything, you guys. It's over.

Yes! Yes, we can record an album next week! Sure we can write ten songs! We'll start tonight!!  We're gonna be rich!

A merger?! It's too late for that, you guys! Kickstarter is gone! We don't have a company! We don't have anything! 

I need to get stupid, Butters. I'm getting all the blood to rush to my head and watchin' a marathon of Two and a Half Men.

You're gonna love these fetuses, Larry. They're top notch.

Been on the inside for so long, I don't remember how to live on the outside.

Oh, you have HIV, huh Kyle? Guess it isn't so funny now, is it?

Dude, I was just looking at the Special Olympics brochure, and check this shit out: "At the end of the Special Olympics, a Grand Champion Special Athlete is crowned and given a cash prize of $1000" 

Wait for it, wait for the whore line.

But I'm not a starving Etheropian! I have to get back home too!

I'm fine! This way is just a... dead end! Coming back to you now! 

Can it. You otters may have evolved to the point you can talk, but I don't need lectures.

I want a part in the new movies!

Furry Balls Plopped Menacingly On The Table, Incorporated!

Oh. Well, I guess everything's fine now. So let's go home.

Well this is bullcrap! Somebody has to be responsible!

Aww! You dumb bitch! Butters, this bitch is tryin' to wreck my car.

Well well well well well well well well well Kyle! You came all this way to try and join my pirate club.

I can preach to you all I want, 'cause you're stupid!

Yes yes, that's what I need! I'll take that!

Butters, we're going to get back before anybody even notices we're gone. Let's go hit the bumper cars! 

You'd better not lose that ticket, Kenny, or else I'll kick you in the nuts! The nuts! The nuts!
Oh! God-damnit! Urh! You guys! You guys wanna hear my "I hate Stand and Kyle" song?! Ahem.I hate Stan and KyleI seriously hate Stan and Kyle...

What the hell?  Hey, what the hell are you guys doing here?! This is for mature people only!

Ahh Butters. Did you give away all my money?

Can I offer you ladies a cool beverage or a tasty snack? 

That, that's very interesting. Tell AWESOM-O more secrets.

Kyle thought of it.  Stan, dude, hold on! XBox One is fuckin' sweet, dude!  You're a fuckin' asshole!

Informative if you want to die.  Gusy, don't forget. Kyle is a daywalker. Daywalkers are half-gingers themselves. Make no mistake: ginger kids are evil. You know who was ginger? Judas. And what did Judas do? Oh, he just got Jesus killed, that's all.  Look, I'm just saying what everyone else already thinks: Gingers are creepy. And one night, when you're all sleepin' in your room, the gingers are gonna getcha. They're gonna GETCHA! 

I can't wait two months!  I can't! There has to be a way around this!

You guys! You guys, it's awesome! Holy shit you guys!  You guys, I've got it!

Damnit! But I wanna hang out with older guys!

We've only got one option, you guys. We're gonna have to go to that hospital where they're doing the autopsy and get our seamen back ourselves.

What did the breast cancer say to the Polish monkey?

You are the president of the school. Can you see why many students think you're an ineffective slut? Are you denying that the Smurf holocaust ever happened? Is that what you're suggesting?

There are no underlying themes! We know that for a fact!

It's the same thing, Kyle! The point is, if we as an organization claim to be about high morality, somebody is eventually going to get raped or beaten in an elevator and it's most likely going to be Butters.

You guys, shouldn't you be out shopping for my birthday presents?

I can try to catch it, but I'm going to need all the resources you've got. If this thing isn't contained, your Easter Egg hunt is going to be a bloodbath. 

I am a little piggy. Ey!  That does it! Mom!

Look, I have to have one of those phones!

Well guys, Kenny and I have been talking.

...Very impressive, Kyle. But the holiday special is beginning soon. I'm afraid I can't let there be any distractions.  You will find that my door has been sealed with a 3/4 inch plywood and a polymer-metal alloy secured with drewall screws. 

Yes you should contact the fucking police! My mom is about to get fucking raped!

Dude, he's like a beast! He's got more legendary creature cards than I've ever seen!

Why the hell would we pay you to write your friends?!

In fact, that makes you the most responsible. Tweek, you might have to take the fall on this one.

Yes, Butters, my soul is finally at peace. It's time for me to leave.  Goodbye Butters! Thanks for all your help! Be good and be safe. Goodbye...  Goddamnit, what?! I've made everything right!

"Dude, there's Cartman. We should invite him to the party for sure."  Fuck you Milly, fuck you Annie, fuck you Bebe, fuck you whatever your name is, and fuck you, bitch! 

That asshole! That big, smelly, ass-sniffin' asshole! I'm gonna get him!

Yeah I'm good. How are you, Kyle?  They're all gonna pay! Every day they pushed me and pushed, and if it happens again today, it's going to be the last time.  We'll find out today at recess, won't we? Oh yes, we'll find out today at recess.

Well, that's fine, that's fine. Next time, just remember that we're all pretty cool on the Westside, too, if you know what I'm saying, 'kay?

Oh yeah yeah, my pass phrase is... Kyle is a dirty no-good Jew.  No wait, Kyle is a no-good lying Jew.

Oh man, you've got to be kidding me. God damn Japs are everywhere. 

I'm pretty sure that this cow could make ginger cheese, which is like a Swiss cheese, except instead of holes, it has freckles. 

Yeah, that's great Butters. Now get the hell out of my room.

Kip Drordy, the third grader? He's got nooo Facebook friends.  And he's had a profile for more than six months.

Jimmy, that's messed up. We decided that day to write together. Don't you remember?

I'm gonna buy a vacuum cleaner-chicks like vacuum cleaners 

That's the spirit, gang! Alright. Stan and Wendy, you go out and find some musical instruments! Kenny and Clyde, take some kids and buy some Thanksgiving decorations for the set! Kyle and Timmy, you go out and find a turkey!

That kid is provoking us! He's saying mean things to try and piss us off.

It's not a cool costume! He just wears his underwear over his buttfucking pants! Now, come on, which one of you guys is it?!

What the hell is he doing? Helen Keller isn't supposed to sing!

Oh my God,  it smells like ass out here.

A present?? Is it a rocket racer?? No, let me guess: It's a Frogman Jay doll! No wait, I know! It's a police power chopper!

Okay, that's does it! Now listen! Why is it that everything today has involved things either going in or coming out of my ass?!  I'm sick of it! It's completely immature.

And a one, and a two, and a- 

Yeah. I sure did. I don't think I should record that album now.

Yeah well, if there's a chance of being cured of this illness, then Kyle is willing to take that risk.

Right. I think I know exactly where to start.

Not funny? I have free rein to say anything I want and you get into trouble if you try and stop me. Care for a Scotch?

Oh come on! We're not the only ones who wanted to look into this! You think, you think Kyle isn't on the computer right now tryin' to see who the poorest kid in school is?! Oh he is gonna have such a field day, that heartless Jew!  Well I won't give him the satisfaction!

Well Santa, it's just that... I was thinking about the people in Iraq who are afraid that we might bomb them and I just thought, well, maybe it wouldn't hurt to send them a little bit of our Christmas spirit as well.

Oh yeah, Panda Bear Madness! And now, let's get a look at the celebrity watch, with Butters.

Bu... ...eh... Kyle, you don't seem to understand. We're we're not gonna get punished for this. Ever.

You call this great?! I call it hell! Trade me back, goddamnit!

Because it's important! A fifty percent rise each year means that in three years the world will be only... minorities. That's 2012! The Mayans predicted this!

Well, I'm a badass cowboy living in a cowboy's
Age, wicky wicky scratch yo yo bang bang
Me and Artemus Clyde Frog go save
Salma Hayek from the big metal spider
Wicky wicky wick, wicky wicky wick, Fresh
Cowboy from the Westside.Wicky wicky scratch yo yo bang bang
Me and Artemus Clyde Frog go save
Salma Frog Polly Prissy Pants go down to...
Well... mm-Rumpertumskin.

Well, I can't find anything- wait. What's this? 

Why can't we just read the paper we wrote last time?

Uh yes, I'm sure I can convince him to come on the show.  There will of course be a prize involved?  Great. I'll call you back in an hour.  No, thank you.  YES!

Yeah, and the sweet thing is, this stupid asshole didn't even charge me money for it. He just made me close my eyes and suck it out of a hose. Heh.  There we go. 

Hey, it's like all bloody. It might be alive.

Get back. Get back or you're all gonna get maced! 

Oh, Mr. Mackey, could I-Oh, uhhh. Hey, sorry, am I interrupting?

Oh, it's about freakin' time you showed up! You don't want me, you want that impostor Cartman! Come on, I'll show you. 

Go ahead, Mr. President! Continue what you were doing!

Well, I'm out guys.  If this is what's cool now, I think I'm done. I no longer have any connection to this world. I'm gonna go home and kill myself. Goodbye, friends.

Eheh. You got in trouble, you got in trouble.

Think about it! It's the easiest crappiest music in the world, right? If we just play songs about how much we love Jesus, all the Christians will buy our crap!

Just keep stalling, Butters. We don't have the dead pig quite ready yet. 

Hey! I bet Kenny has some food stamps on him!

All right, that does it! Pip, get the fudge out! Next! 

Look at his lip.  You've got herpes, dude.

What'd I get what'd I get what'd I get?

Nobody screws up my trick-or-treats and gets away with it!  Aaah, kew!

Well then, perhaps they should, and decrease the surplus population!

Well that's just great! Of all the times to get AIDS, I get it right when everyone stops givin' a crap!

Yes! Yeah, be sure to get some pictures of it!  I'm pretty sure this occurs only rarely in nature! 

Once Butters kicks her in the balls, she'll fall to the floor, dropping the Pee Chee, and Kenny will swoop in from Corridor 3-Delta, and grab the Pee Chee. Are we good?

Butters! Get your drum set and meet me at my house! We have to make a platinum album! Hurry, Butters! 

What are you talking about?? I got vaccinated from the school, and now clearly I have Assburgers!

Well that's nice, maybe they could bring some cigarettes and Gatorade, 'cause the guy's gonna be pretty wiped out!  The fuck?!

No I just need to get home. I'm not doin' the show.

It was just on the news! People are freaking out, dude.

Dude, I'm not fat! I don't drive around on a mobility scooter like  bitch! 

Ma'am, I need to speak to the president of this network right away.

¿Que paso? ¿Que paso? Looking for work? Sí? Trabajo?

You know we might not even make it into the studio.

Ey, sweet!  Sweeeeeet! Check it out, guys; you don't even have to put a quarter in her.

Well it's just that... that's what that Casey kid said about your hairpiece?

Dude, my momma's so poor when she gets mad she can't afford to fly off the handle so she's gotta go Greyhound off the handle!

Yeah Butters, the discrepancy bars are oscillating. You need to uh, come back.  Are you heading back Butters?  Butters?  Alright Butters, you should be heading back to the access point now. You're going off grid.

Huh, this chili looks pretty good. Weh, here's mine. 

I am going to fucking kill you guys, seriously. 

Good night, Ms. Lopez. Tomorrow is gonna be a great day. Great day tomorrow...  Tomorrow...  "Kyle, you were wrong! We did do a record deal!"  "You were wrong, Kyle!"  "Nananananaaana!"  "Hahahahahaaaha!"  "Nananananaaana!" "Hahahahahaaaha!"  Awesommme. Yeeessss.

All right, those with roses will move on to the swimsuit and talent competition. The rest of you, get the fudge out! 

Take that, Jimmy!  And that! And don't you ever talk bad about Kyle again!  Kyle is my friend! And if you say you had sex with his mom one more time, I'm gonna really let you have it! You hear me?!  Oh, Kyle. Hey.

Ah he's just a little sick, Mr. Garrison. He's got boneritis.  Right guys? 

Dude, Wendy plays volleyball. Did you know that? I don't think you knew that.

This... is your pirate boat? Dude, the FUCK! Alright, seriously you guys? What kind of pirates are you? I mean, really? The FUCK, dude, the FUCK?!

Yeah. We won't have to take crap from anybody.

'"I'm a little piggy; here's my snout. Oink oink oink, oink oink oink."' 

Well we're here now, that's all that matters.  Care for some nuts? Oh, that's right. I guess you'll be chock full of nuts in a few minutes.

No, it's too gay. It would only make things worse.

Well, come on guys. We gave it our best. 

Mom, are you deaf?! Somebody's at the door!

Fine! I don't need you assholes! I can sell these fetuses all on my own!

So? So now I can do this!  Yeess! Yeess, Kyle's money! Mmmm, Kyle's money!

Butters is such a butthole, oh my God! CartmaaanBrah!

Right now we're walking by what used to be people's houses, now just smoldering burnt piles of rubble.

God-damnit! This isn't even GOOD chocolate milk mix!

Look.  I put the stem cells from all the fetuses I had next to a Shakey's, and they ARE replicating a new Shakey's!  It worked! 

Each time you go into the virtual world it becomes more and more dangerous. Are you absolutely sure you want to do this, Butters?

Stan, Kyle, thanks for coming. I have it all figured out!

My potty? What are they going to do to it? 

I'm a professional, suh!  Don't worry about it, Butters. You're gonna be a hundred percent satisfied.

We had to take down a meth lab on Mala Vista.

Oh, you see, that, that's interesting because... I'm so thankful for David Blaine's book, and, I'm so thankful that he showed me the way to true happiness but, I think about his plan often.

There's not- there's not even condiments on his baloney sandwich!

All right, when she stops yappin' again, say "Wow, I've never thought of it that way before, but you're right."

All right, now get the rope up over that third rafter above the window; that's the easiest access.

I don't care. I'm supposed to sit here and do my homework.

Yes. And tonight, while Butters is asleep, I am going to-

Dude, Filipino hookers don't get fucked the way I do!

Yeah. I could prance around in little tights and sing opera too, for that kind of cash.

So maybe she doesn't know.  Maybe she doesn't know, Kyle! Excuse me, Ma'am, I see you're eating Chipotle.

You trying to fuck me dude? This is cut with Boston Market gravy!

You know how you told me you always wanted to see Disneyland?

Dude, check it out: for picture day, Kenny got into his parka backwards, so that his ass shows through his hood. Look! . Kenny, Kenny, over here! 

And so the party journeyed onward: the great Wizard, the skillful Ranger, and the covetous Jew.

Thanks for coming, everyone. The big moment is almost here, as soon as Kyle arrives.

Ow! You can do what you will, but I am the Lamb of God.

Dude, I'm a pirate! What the devil do I care what me mudder thinks anymore?

Awww, come onnn! How am I gonna kill people with those?

Yes, Kyle, it's totally normal!  People do this stuff! You know, not everyone can be the boy with the golden butthole! 

But you guys are such better studiers than me. I know you can pull it off.

Well, I guess we can go back to playing laundromat.

Well, I just, I kind of like having you around.

Okay, I need a violet one for domestic violence, a lime one for herpes, and a jade green one for how much I hate Kyle.

Yeah, well, at least  it's not as bad as having AIDS. AIDS is the worst disease.

We represent Token.  Give us a call, we'll work out a deal.

Well don't you care?! Jesus Asterisk Christ, Stan! People are feeling really cheated by all this!

This just goes to show that hard work doesn't pay off! I'm gonna be a homeless drug addict from now on! 

Oh my God, isn't it awesome having an iPad, you guys?  Hey Bebe, where's your iPad? Oh right, you're not cool enough!  Hey, hey, did you see my iPad, Token? Funny, you don't seem to have one! I thought your family was rich!  Haha! You dumbasses have to play four-square 'cause you don't have iPads!  Oh, what should I do on my iPad next? Think I'll email some of my friends. Oh no, wait! Maybe I'll download some more cool apps!  This is so awesome! 

Yeah, they've taken all the fun out of "shit". We're gonna have to start saying other bad words, like cock and fuck and... meecrob. 

Dude, they say they'll fly him out day after tomorrow!

I know it's hard to grasp, Kyle, but I was the one sent by customer service to try and convince you that none of what you've seen is real. You bought the Oculus Rift headset, Kyle.

Stop listening to my conversation, Kyle! What are you, the NSA?! Lawrence, remember how I was tellin' you the NSA listens to everyone's phone calls and reads all our e-mails?

It makes perfect sense. Okay, w-work with me on this: if you eat food, you crap out your butt, right?

Yup. He let me have 'em for just ten bucks. Ha ha ha! I got pubes 'fore you guys did! I got pubes 'fore youuu guys! Ahahahahahahaa ha! 

Yeah. Isn't this fun? Just you and me hangin' out, Stan. No stupid Kyle around.

Euugh. Wendy? Look at me Wendy.  There. Yeahm.

I felt it, you guys. I felt the angry hands of God.  He is an angry God, you guys. We all have to start taking this very seriously.

Aww, see? That's what I was gonna say!

That product changed my life. It really works. I use it all the time.

Dude, screw this!  Who wants to hit a dumb little ball around?!

Yes, well, I've done my job, haven't I?  ¡Pepite, Pepite, no! No come la taco la trabajar!

No! What about the Confederasuh?! What about freedom?!

All right. Then we're gonna have to eat Butters. 

Don't be sad, Butters. What awaits each person in heaven is eternal bliss, divine rest, and ten thousand dollars cash.

No, dude, independent films are those black and white hippie movies. They're always about gay cowboys eating pudding.

Yeah, that snake is really scared of us all right!

No! No, Butters, we are going to live! Do you hear me?! We are going to live! We just... We've gotta find a bomb shelter!

You can't change his mind, Sir Kyle. Sony people don't think with logic. He betrayed us. And now we must out-Game of Thrones him by making powerful alliances.

They can't hurt me, Butters. I'm already dead. 

Hehey, no no! We aren't the ones who built a town beneath a giant beaver dam, okay?! That's their fault!

All right, so after my report on the unsanitary conditions of the school cafeteria, we're go to Kyle for the story on Brian Teeves trying to make out with Susan Farkle.

Thanks for coming, guys. I'm sure you're wondering why I've called you here to Sizzler.

D'you know what you are? You're all a bunch of fucking cock roaches! You need people like me! You need people like me so you can point your fucking finger and say "That's the bad guy!" Well say goodnight to the bad guy!!

Hur-ry, get into wardrobe!  Oh hur-ry up, will you hur-ry?!  Oh, you look marvelous, dahling.

Don't mind Kyle, everyone, he's just got a little sand in his vagina.

He is gonna take that ugly face and make you reasonable to look at!  Bah!

You see Token, people really enjoy seeing African-Americans on the news... Seeing African-Americans on the news, not hearing them. That's why all African-Americans newspeople learn to talk more... wha, how should I say... white.  Token, all the great African-Americans newspeople have learned to hide their ebonic tribespeak with a more pure Caucasian dialect. There's no shame in it, and I think it'll really help our ratings.

Yeah, I guess they thought we were cool, so they showed us how to do it—hey come here, dog. Dog, come here! 

Oh look out, Holly Hobby's all pissed off! 

But then, who was the guitar player for Guns N' Roses?

Yeah dude, EA Sports outdid themselves this time.

Thanks Polly Prissypants. I'm just so scared that all the kids at school are gonna be talkin' about me behind my back.

Let's just go over here so we can hear ourselves better.  Lord, Father in Heaven, we thank you for all your blessings and we... 

Okay, Butters, let's start with you. I think I've found a great way to get revenge on your parents. Just... tell me if I'm going in the right direction here.  What we're going to do, Butters, is we're going to wait for your parents to leave the house, and then, smear all the walls... with poop.

Come on. Come on.  Come on. Oho, this is so sweet!  You guys, seriously, this is sooo sweet!

Ma'am, we're having a dude moment here, if you don't mind?

Alright, got to write the new lyrics. Lemme see.  no  No.  NO!  God-damnit 

Well, where is it?  What the hell is that?!

Of course I care about Christmas- Doh, Christ on a stick! 

There you go, Molly, and a bag of chips.

Now, as you can see, the Red Mega Man uses thee... Mega Cycle, which is what Clyde will be getting me for my birthday. Wendy, you were supposed to get me the Mega Power Choopper, illustrated... here, but, I'm changing your present to the Yellow Mega Man, since Kenny has been turned into a... duck-billed platypus. That means that the Mega Man beach house, illustrated... heuh, will be a gift given by two people at once, 'cause it costs more money... 

Soo, you're uuh, trying out to be the morning announcement person as well?

I I said "thank you." Thank you for listening. 

Dude, people are pissed off at you, Butters.

I see Scott Tenorman. With his ginger red hair and his stupid freckles and his- Goddmnit goddamnit I hate him!!!

Is South Park about to explode from a methane gas leak? More on that later. But first, Stan Marsh has a look at some new outfits for the Raisins girls!

Well, Butters, there is no I in "team."

Well, if I get ten buck from each of you, that's like $2000.

Aw man, that's too bad, Token. Hey, could you bring us some more bread, huh? Oh and some more olive oil. Chop chop! 

With just ten seconds to go, the offense makes its move. Marsh heads for the goal and passes the ball to the poor kid. The poor kid hands it out to the Jew! The Jew shoots. Awww, and the shot is blocked again , proving once and for all that Jews cannot play hockey!

Hey, I love NASCAR just as much as you do!

All right, how 'bout this? You guys have all the leverage and we have nothing. So how about we give you one calf... -

and a lifetime of free food at City Wok.

What the fuck kind of cook do you think you are?! Are you having a laugh, ey? Hey, you got your fucking head up your arse, don't you?!

Hey, I don't need to take any lip from a frickin' girl!

Come on in, Bob.  All right, just let me use my tools... 

Alright, alright! Just get your turkey to stop crapping all over the dressing room and come out for rehearsal! I'll take care of everything. 

Token, Token, got a question for you:  Token, do you like fishsticks?

Alright, fine! Well then, I guess we have no choice but to let you go, Tweek. But we want you to know that its been really fun. Here's a watch, and some peanuts. 

I don't know.  I don't know, you guys! Alright, maybe I tried to have Timmy's turkey crushed by a stage light, but I didn't do anything else. I'm not an asshole.

Unfortunate accident? You mean, like Geena Davis getting her own TV show?  Oh.

We take to the African sea!
We'll brave the squalls and bust your balls
Somalian pirates we!

Well you know, it's a...  H-ho, awesome! 'Look at me, I'm back in time, in 1776.'With gaslight corners, cobblestone streets, and humble houses made of bricks.'What a special magic time, and it's all alive for me'I'm so glad Stan and Kyle aren't here. I hate those guys, seriously.'Seriously hate those guys. Hate Stan and Kyle.

Oh that's good that's good. Yeah. Shoot that guy in the face, Kyle.  Yeah, nice.

You totally saved my ass, Kyle. You must... really care about me. See you Kyle! I gotta get to a psychiatrist and learn to control what I say!  I got a golden ticket! Thanks to Kyle! I got a golden twinkle in my eye! 

He is my friend, got it?! I was friends with him before you assholes were,  and I hoowi-  Stan! Stan, I'm seriously! You'd better not be talking bad about me in there to Mr. Jefferson!

That it is, I assure you. I started this business over three months ago from the ground up. I've been helping children get back at their parents ever since.

I don't wanna use the girls bathroom if anyone can use it! It's gonna be all crowded. 

Paladin Butters, I was hoping I could talk to you about Lady McCormick

Kyle, how many times do we have to go through this? I'm the negotiator. I negotiate our price with the customers.

Shotgun! It's my car, I call it first: shotgun!  Kenny, I called it shotgun!  Dammit, Kenny, get in the back!  Hey, Kenny, there's a sale on orange jackets over there.  Look, Kenny, there's an elephant parade!  Ken-ny. Kenny, look. Look! Go get it! , Go get it!  ha ha ha, you poor piece of crap. 

Oh it's a relief, huh?! Well guess what, Butters! If I'm the one trapped in virtual reality, that means you're nothing but a computer program!

It's not, dude! Some dumb court-thingy, and the trademark got pulled! You can use it! Aaand the logo!

Uhh, Kyle, I believe a certain someone is supposed to put a certain set of balls in their mouth.

Last week at our school, a girl queefed right into our friend's face. That is why we are here to tell you  it's not a joke.

And so am I correct that you are eight and a half months pregnant and still addicted to cocaine?

I don't like thinking about what I wanna be when I grow up, alright?! 

We just need a really kickass office and some nice suits. A and a fountain in our lobby. All top agencies have fountains in their lobbies. We gotta make Token think he needs us, when actually he doesn't need us at all. 

Awww, sweet!  No way, this is so tits!

And we built it, with our own hands. Now all we need is chicks, Kenny.

I would if I could, you son of a bitch!

No. See, must say, "Captain, where am I supposed to drive to?"

Ice cream. Covered with... chocolate sprinkles...  Double-Stuff Oreos...  He ... He's taking the top of one and...  ...and he puts it together to make Quadruple-Stuffs!  I see...ice cream, and sprinkles, and Quadruple-Stuffs!

Haha! Take that, Jew boy! I guess you Heebs can't even play video football!

He did what?? He flew down in a parachute and did what??

I don't know, son. That sounds awfully strange.  You cannot have a picture of my hot breasts.

Just let them crawl back to Mexico Sergeant Hammerclaw.  We can't... might as well go back to your land of burritos, tacos, and take this aborted baby where it will fit in right with all the other aborted babies in Mexico!

Oh cool! I got a racing game for Xbox!  D'you guys see that? Coool, huh?

No no! Haven't you guys ever seen an album cover? You're supposed to be standing in random places, looking away like you don't care! 

Two to nothing, ese! Two to nothing!  How do I reach these keeds?

Totally. Uuuuuh my mom gives me shit sometimes, and I tell her to shut her hole before I kick her in the nuts!

Then that's it. Kyle wins. But he won't win completely! I'm going to print out another copy of that picture and show it to the class myself! I can at least rob Kyle of his final lie

It's trying to get in! Where the hell are you guys?

He talked about having oral sex with my ass.

Turn left here! We're getting close! Get your gun ready!

He's goin' up the stairs, dude, you'd better hurry!

This cross is seriously heavy. Oh man, this is totally weak.

It's a dragon of some kind! Don't worry, I can save you all! 

No! That's my walkie-talkie, he gave it to me!

Kevin, can I get some more bounce off that too, 'kay? Let's just go with a 5 6 8 split

Hey, this is our case! You can't come in and take over!

Because they don't fucking care! I've told you this! They don't give a shit about the students, and they live to make us miserable!

And then, finally, he'd be able to eat that pie.

Really? Uh, I don't think I have to fart anymore tonight.

Hey, you're right. That does make me pretty cool.

NO! No-al-, all right Kyle! Magic Johnson, Kyle! The key is Magic Johnson.

Hey, get offa him! He's not dead yet!

We are turning this thing into a legitimate sport, Kyle. We're getting Slash to start playing at halftime. And EA Sports is offering us a hundred thousand for the video game rights.

Huh? Oh no! Agh!  Get off me! Get off me! Somebody help!! Please?? Somebody get it off of me!! Get it off of me.

Uh, no, no, we're not done in here yet.

God damnit, Kitty, you have to calm down! Here, I'll get you some catnip. 

Kenny, what the hell are you doing with this asshole?!

Oh, looks like most everyone's here. Um, wasn't there something you wanted to say, Kyle? Remember about the...?

Attention, shoppers: There are naked people at the orange smoothie machine. There are naked people at the orange smoothie machine. 

Look, dude, can't you just build us another machine without him?

He almost spilled the beans in the counselor's office! He can't even keep the story straight! I'm telling you guys, he's weak. He's weak, and he'll be the end of all of us. 

Did you see that? Token was gonna push her, but then he tickled her instead. 

You wish you were gay, Craig! In you dreams!!

This is a new time. A new era of science that only the smartest can comprehend. 

Then he's a gay fag. I mean, is this really this hard?

Yeah Mom! There's dangerous people trying to screw us both!

What kind of atmosphere are you reading on the planet surface, Jew?

How much further to Ottawa! Christmas is only twelve hours away.

You see, what Turd Sandwich brings to our school, Clyde, is a complete package. The turd and the bread. And the lettuce, and the olives.

Hegh. Oh! Here comes Space Mountain-oh-uugh.  Ogh! Wait-

Maury, I am out of control. Yeah, I use drugs. I can do what I waunt, bitch! Yeah I have sex, and I don't use protection! It's my hot body; I'll do what I waunt!  I don't go to school and I kill people! What-evah! I'll do what I waunt!

I was just trying to scare you guys, you can put the guns down now.

IT ISN'T OVER!!  It isn't over, Kyle! I have NOT waited this long to see you weasel your way out of this bet! Go ahead and go. But I swear on my life! Before this day is over! You, will, suck my balls! I SWEAR IT!!

Can you believe that rooster played a Kalonian Twingrove with half his mana tapped?

And so the tape was again retrieved to be brought back to Stan'ses house.

If they're so smart, why do they live in igloos?

No no! He's my son! I adopted him.

...Should that really matter at a time like this?

Or are you lying now? So many lies, Kyle, you can't even keep them straight. You just couldn't stand that we were living in paradise while you were back home.

Oh my God, you guys! I really thought I was the only non-minority on Earth! How many of our species survived?

Sure you don't, Kyle. Oh, and neither do I. Oh, I know what you're gonna say next. You're gonna say, "How about none of us show up tomorrow to do it?" And then I'm supposed to agree so that tomorrow you can waltz in all by yourself and do the commercial. That's Serbian Jew double bluff and it ain't  gonna  work  on  me  ha  ha  ha . Only one of us can be in the commercial, gentlemen. The game... is on. 

Good, 'cause I ate a bunch of chicken on the way over here. 

Dude, that cat urine really fucked you up. You were seriously tripping balls.

It's not stupid! It's a toy that you can starve! If you don't feed it, it dies. It's sooo cool.

Yeah, kewl. Anyway, thanks a lot and just, you know, stay away from my man, bitch. 

Oooh. So maybe you don't want to have any of my mon's cake, pie, and ice cream, then.

You scared the crap out of me, Ike!

Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me... lads
Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me-hee

Slash is not hard to find! He'll show up to play anywhere if you pay him! He played at my eighth birthday party, for Christ's sake! Look! Look! He's playing at Lakewood Mall right now!  Now you guys get down there-  Oh crap, the president of EA Sports is calling. Just go! Go!  Mr. Peters, how are you? Yes sir, we're very excited about our deal with you as well.  Oh, we know the video game version of Crack Baby Basketball will be a big hit too.  Hey Kyle. Have a seat.

Oh, suck my balls you ginger Jew rat hall monitor! Punkass stoolie, who the fuck do you think you are?!

Kyle, I swear, if I didn't have a guy's hand up my ass right now, I'd leap across the room and kick you in the nuts. Eh. Oohh. Eow.

Oh really?! Then how come Gordon Stoltski got to go on for like five minutes that one day?!

Dude, if Craig and Tweek got in a fight, Craig would kick Tweek's ass.

Okay Kenny, add Eyes of the Beast to your hotbar. Stan, check your fury talents to boost your shots.

Jesus answered our prayers, you guys. It's so cool.  It's right there in the meat locker. Kyle, go check it out.

I only need one, dude. I only need one.

The cannibal! The cannibal's dead, Butters! But he bit me,  which means soon I will have a taste for human flesh as well.

No- Kyle, I believe you said that imaginary things are real.

Brother Kyle? Why do you disturb my rest?

Hey, that's it, Kenny. Maybe Kenny G can show us where 92 cents below the lowest Eb is. Then we'll know the brown noise.

Trust me: they're somewhere nobody will ever find them! If you kill me, then Obama will stay President and you will lose Star Wars to the Chinese forever!

Lowest Eb, let's see. I think it looks like this. 

Not much huh?! My mom is so poor, when she heard about the Last Supper she thought she was running out of food stamps!

The anti-smoking people! They had me say I died from second-hand smoke and... now they want to sacrifice me to make it look real! They'll stop at nothing!!

Oh I'll find it, don't worry!  God - dammit, give me my triangle, Kyle, seriously.

Non! Mom, did you already get stuffing for Thanksgiving dinner?

You guys! You guys, we have got problems of Biblical proportions!

Don't you worry, Kenny. I I'm gonna find a cure for you. Everything's gonna be okay! 

Will you stop with the Penn State jokes?! All you're doing is taking topical and revamping old Catholic jokes!

You have... sexually harassed me for the last time! It says right here... that now I can sue you and take all of your money.

You see, I'm looking to cut out the middle man. I want to buy my jewelry direct from you so that-  Motherfucker!

No, dickhole. Four tickets, 28th row, for the Raging Pussies!

We'll go to LA with your wife. All she has to do is go on the show, do all the performing, make all the money, and leave the rest to us. 

Nya nya nya nya nyaaa nya! We are comedy writers and you guys aren't! Ha ha ha ha haaa ha! Jimmy, I've been thinking: We've got to patent the fishsticks joke.

Give up, you wanker! You fucking can't cook for shit!

I'm not fat! I just haven't grown into my body yet, skinny bitch!

Butters! Butters, I just want to talk to you!

We're running out of time! Hand our book over, quick!

Come on, you guys, it's getting cold up here!

We're in fourth grade, Jimmy. We don't even know what ethical means.

Don't forget, a third of that four million dollars is mine! 

Just get rid of it Butters! Don't tell me where you spend it and don't ever let me have it back.  From this moment on, I am poor. Like Kenny.

Doctor, can you tell me exactly how stem cells work?

Well which is it gonna be, Butters?! Are you gonna ditch out with me or are you gonna disobey the teacher's stupid rule?!

So what are you gonna do with all these underpants that you steal?

Egh, because they're poor, Kyle! Poor people don't have anything better to do than piss other people off! Don't you watch Springer?!

Well, I better be going. Thanks so much Ms. Broflovski, I learned a ton.

Screw you guys, screw you guysScrew you guys, scr--

There's another army out there who thinks they're better than us, and we are not going to be beat by that traitor whore Kenny! Get back to training! 

Hey Kyle, can I come in for a second?

Okay?! Jimmy, do you know what happened to the last people Germans were pissed off at?! Tell him, Kyle!

Well guys, I'm afraid I won't be able to hang out with you on New Year's Eve. I have to hang out with the older crowd because now, I'm ma-ture.  I got my period, and you guys didn't. I got my period, and you guys didn't. 

That's right. Kenny and I have been BFFs since first grade. Here, look.  Kenny has the other half of this BFF necklace. I believe you all know what that means, and how serious this is.

…Touché. But dude, you might as well let me help you. We're in this together. I mean, just… tell me what to do, and I'll do it.  Wendih, let Cartman help. Seriouslih.  Wendih. Seriouslih.  The Bog Monster speaketh.

I spent all morning making hamburgers for nothing! That's what's the matter!

I told you guys. I've been watching all day.

Black people say Hey hey hey!  Uh oh, I think the white people are winning! White people got you beat, black people; you'd better represent! Let me hear you say "I don't blame the white people. No no no!"

Not getting busted always is, Butters. Come on.  Good, that's good.  That's good, Good, all right then. Let's head across.  Go easy. Good.

Heheheheheh! Look you guys, a Jew on a rope. You know what they call a Jew on a rope?

Except for Jimmy because he clearly comes up with the worst ideas in the world?

Yeah, I bought all that I could at this bank, and then I got the rest from this guy Ralph in an alley.

Egh, to things we need to keep the office running, Kyle. Here, look. 

I'm gonna be home-schooled, and leave all the pain and suffering of public school behind me! Screw you guys, I'm a-gonna be home-schooled! 

No, no problem. I just need to- my cousin and I touched each other's  AAAA no, NAAAA!  I just... no I... I just want to thank everyone for coming- my cousin and I touched wiener- we wiener we, weenter! Winter is a cold time of year.  Ah, I need to be going now.

I don't know, you guys. That hammer thing was pretty funny. 

I hope we're not wasting our time with this little pecker.

Oh, Peter. Weak, Peter. Lame. But I'm Jesus, so I'll forgive you, I guess.

Now, the word is "spirituality." I believe that the goddess in me is my spirituality because she-

That's what this is all about, Craig. We're all trying to get XBox Ones on Black Friday.

Buh- Don't worry. You'll get it someday. Come on, Kyle. Let's go see what kind of tampons they have here in Las Vegas. 

Man, your family sucks ass, Kenny. Whoever heard of frozen waffles for dinner?

Yes. This is shot at a 5.6 aperture using a low-light filter. You can see the grain from the high-speed film - there's sort of a- penis in my mouth right here - and the low depth of field keeps the background soft.

I'm sorry Kyle, but if we compromise our final cooking process, then our patented flavor will be everywhere, and we'll have to go back to school. Now, let me get those hamburgers.  Alright, these are good to go! 

So, it appears that you need me. Which is good, because... I need you, too.  Ringy-ding?

Oh no, there's much more.  Let's see- Oh yes, look at this one: I call it "New Moon Rising".  I did a whole study using my ass.  Here it is using some high-contrast stuff.  trying out some... different light filters here.  But this is nothing compared to what I have planned. Because tonight... is going to be my coop de grass.

Wow, look at the size of these houses!

Oh, but you have a Trapper Keepe-- Oh, you got the little Crapper Keeper, didn't you? Well, at least your stupid brother got a briefcase.

We have to get out of here! Now!  Kyle! Kyle!! 

Ms. Struthers. You helped so many people, and you've taught us that helping people is what life is all about. All we wanna do is... be like you. 

I can sing the Cheesy Poofs song with both hands tied behnd my back!

I mean, obviously I take after my mom, but I have the ginger gene inside of me!

Well, I guess we'll never know, because Kyle doesn't wanna hear how it ends.

Dude, come on! We've gotta get out of here! 

Guys, guys! We have total respect for you! When we name our company "Washington Redskins," it was out of deep appreciation for your team and your people. 

There is a crisis in America. and we have to save our living rooms. Our living rooms are dying.

Lardbut. Oh, that's so mature! Golly, I guess I was wrong about you guys, huh?!

Yeah way, Craig! And if you don't believe in Mr. Jefferson, then you can just not come!

Keep looking. Sometimes it takes your eyes a minute to adjust.

YOU said I had to wait till my birthday to get an iPad! So the one I rubbed in everyone's faces today isn't real and tomorrow everyone's gonna call me a liar. Would you mind loaning me some of your lipstick, Mom? Because I wanna at least look pretty the next time you decide to fuck me!

Heh, you can compound daily my ass with interest, Mom; I'm goin' to the toy store and buy me a skateboard! 

No, you guys, this is really cool. Come on! 

Ah yes. You mean the Jew problem.  Good, good! I'm glad we're finally gonna do something about it.

How about a robot? How much for the robot?

Why don't we just raise our bet to ten dollars?!

No trabajar aqui! Vaya! No pleya la musica en la promenade! No es bueno!

...There are soo many people who know the truth, Kyle. Uh Butters! 

Oh oh no no, I cannot possibly take in another.

Hey, yeah! We should all say our parents molestered us!

Oh! Well, you know what I say?!  Screw you guys, I'm going home! 

I knew it! Meecrob!  Meecrob is a curse word! God must hate it as much as I do!

No no, wait a minute! If... if she's my dad, then... who's my mom?!

Oh no? Don't you remember the time he went crazy, and tried to kill Kathie Lee Gifford?

You're going to be the face of queef abuse, Butters, so that we can make people open their eyes.

No, not with my eyes. With these!  Ha ha ha ha ha ha!

Hey whoa, we are here because the average score was low. That's about all of us.

It's all right! There's been a misunderstanding! I'm a hall monitor.  This fugitive is trying to avoid a hallway infraction by skipping off to Milan.

All right, seriously, you're starting to piss me off now.

I knew it! Girls lie! They lie right to your face!

Hi, Jakov.  What the hell is that?  Who's laughing?

How do you feel? Do you feel okay?

Oh, yehes. Uh-heh. He has ah, blond hair, aha-and, ah, and a brown eye.  Brown eye! 

Oh nonononono, not yet, Kyle. Hold on.  Everyone! Everyone, can I have your attention please? 

Kyle is doing all kinds of things for me. He finished my homework,  gave me the soda from his lunch.  I think he's just really stoked on me for helping bring peace to the Middle East.  Right, Kyle? 

Okay, quit the act! I'm not fucking you and you know it!

You're cuttin' Colonel's gravy with Boston Market to try and save yourself some fuckin' money!

Juvi Hall!  Stan's a loser! Stan's a loser! 

You're not gonna ride on Santa's sleigh 'cause you're a Jew, Kyle. 

I'll tell you why! Because you guys are jealous and can't handle the fact that you're immature, and so you've started a government conspiracy against me!

There's Kenny commenting on Call of Duty. Kenny! Kenny! SPEAK UP!! SPEAK THROUGH THE HOOD KENNY!

Mom, can you get me some Weight Gain 4000?

"Oh dear, my best friend is possessed! How about that?" said the little boy in the red poofball hat.

Okay, no, they all did awesome! In fact our students did so good on the tests that you...  you decided to reward them all. At lunch you're serving the students pizza from Pizza Hut! But we're going to put laxatives and Arby's horsey sauce in the pizza so that every kid in the school craps their pants after recess. Everyone craps their pants, nobody's singled out, problem solved. 

Just sign the paper and he'll be playing ball for St. Mary's.

I ain't giving you crap! Kenny's not afraid of you! 

No, I just don't have the mojo you have, Butters.

Step back! Tell those men to step back!

Uh oh.  Crap, they called the cops on us.

Why, thank you Polly Prissy Pants. You are my best friend.

It's the brilliant combination of my last two plans. Scott Tenorman's favorite band is Radiohead, right?

Dude, what's this about orange bracelets? Where do you get them?

Uh, n-no, I'm afraid not, Bill Cosby, because it is coded to the prints on my fingers.  If anybody but me tries to hold it, big metal spikes come out and pierce through their hands.

Fuck youuuu, fuck youuuu. Fuck you up there! Fuck you! "Fuck you." Those words mean a great deal to us. They help us express just how we as a company... see things differently. There are a lot of startup companies on Kickstarter, but after today I think you'll agree that Washington Redskins is the most exciting. As you know, the Redskins have been on the forefront of Kickstarter as a company that is always finding new and exciting ways to tell people to go fuck themselves. And now, our company is thrilled to show you all the latest innovations we've come up with.  To begin with, we have moved the couch from the left side of the office to the right side. But we didn't stop there. We also added a new rug that goes better with our office drapes. And probably most exciting of all, we have actually updated the company from the inside out. We received a lot of pressure from certain communities to change our Redskins logo. As a company we want to be firm, but we also want to be flexible. And so we thought, if we have to change our logo, it should be more in step with today's times, but still define us as the leading Kickstarter company. What we came up with is the new company logo that I think you'll all agree is very exciting.  Now when people hear the name "Redskins", they will immediately think "titties" and "balls". It's just a bold new way that we can say "We don't fucking care." Go Redskins! 

No, it's not, Kyle. I have a huge dick.

Hey, what the hell is with these little half-desks?

Yeah,  So, what are the plans to take over America again? I fohgot. 

You aren't listing to anythin-  Make it worth my while how?

Come to try and stop me?!  It isn't gonna work. 

He just showed up out of the blue! I need to speak with the President right away!

No! God damn it we're serious! We'll only talk to the President! Stop! Fire a warning shot, Butters! 

Now, just yell "Put the lotion in the fucking basket!"

Yeah, and I've learned something, too. Robert Smith kicks ass!  Oh no! She's back!

Look out, Artemus Clyde Frog! It's a giant metal spider!  Bang! Bangbang!  Yoyoyo, jiggity jiggy with it! Bang bang bang!  We saved the day! The Wild Wild West, The Wild Wild Wild West. Uhyo wicky wicky scratch, Uh wicky wicky scratch... 

Yeeh, stealth bombers  Yeah, and talk about a bitch, I haven't seen-

Mom, look! The tooth fairy! I put a tooth under my pillow, and she gave me two dollars!  She's only given me a lousy quarter before!

Well, Kyle, maybe I was just trying to prove a p-

Mom, mom! You wanna see what I want for Christmas?

Kyle, every one of our friends might be in serious danger!

He's my evil twin? But he doesn't even look that much like me; he's all fat and stuff. He's hella lying.

Look, whatever it takes, we just have to get back to third grade.

He hasn't said a word since we brought him here.

All right, the person who had head lice needs to speak up right now, so that we know to stay away from you! 

Yeah, but you still have it in you. You saved my life, Kyle. Deep down inside, you're a monster.  But you're my little monster.

After today they're gonna be fine, and I'll never have to see you ever again!

All right, Butters, I think we've almost got the Chinese to trust us! Now as soon as they tell us their invasion plans, make a run for that door, okay?!

No, it's not a good idea. It's an awesome idea

On our own, none. But if we plan, strategize, and fight together!  ...We can be the first people inside on Black Friday. And use the 80% to get the gaming system we need to survive.

Well, looks like you're back for good, huh Kyle?

I'm gonna get you back to reality, Butters. But you have to give me time! I've gotta go. The Orion parameters are embellishing. Just stay quiet! 

Well, I guess that's it. You're going to have to only allow me into the Easter Egg hunt, sir. I'm the only one qualified.

Nonono, I'm tellin' you guys, music videos have devolved to nothing but pretty girls wearing skin-tight clothes, and singin' songs about their vajayjays. Used to be chicks sang about their relationships; now it's all "my vajayjay this, my vajayjay that." But clearly that's what sells. Think about it. When was the last time you turned on a music video and didn't see some chick strumming a guitar singing about her vajayjay?  See? You can't remember.

I ain't helpin' crap!  I want to eat some paeh.

Who cares?! I can never win my bet because you stupid assholes don't give out platinum albums!

How do you know? We haven't even tried the food yet.

Clyde?!  The fuck are you doin'?! You just let a Mexican through!

Think about it. Spielberg? Jew. Lucas? Jew. Kyle? Jew. Coincidence?

All this time I've been mad at you, Jimmy, for trying to take all the credit, but, now I realize it's just that your ego has made you believe things happened differently. That's what Kyle was trying to tell me. That you have such a huge ego you do these mental gymnastics to make yourself a part of things.

I just had another vision, you buttholes. Kenny didn't keep the ticket with him, he put it away somewhere.

Goddamnit! Can we please... just get back to playing our video game, PLEASE?!

No! Let me out of here! Let me out of here, you guys!

Yeah well, ya wanna do somethin'? I wanted to hang out with Stan and Kyle, but they're all pissed off at me for somethin' so I have to hang out with you.

Mom, I told you! The new Sony PSP game machines go on sale at seven a.m. today. I have to be the first to get one!  Come on! 

Shut up, Scott Malkinson. "I'm Scott Malkinson. I've got a lisp and I've got diabetes."

Be careful where you put that carrot. Kyle might steal it.

Hello? We're looking to buy a rooster that can play "Magic: The Gathering"?

Eighteen thousand dollars.  How about just... three hundred and eighty seven easy payments of a hundred ninety nine, ninety five.  How about five bucks?

Oh there she is! There's my mom right now! 

And why was that?! Because one kid's dad actually went and killed his mom! For all we know, that kid's parents have been doing drugs and cheating on each other for years! Maybe watching murder porn had nothin' to do with it!

No, but they're due home any minute. Come on, you're just in time!

I'm askin' the first question! Let's just start with something simple. Will Kyle die before he's twenty?

Fever... Light... lightheadedness... I don't know what's wrong with me.

You've been in a virtual space all along, Kyle! Think about it: we're arch-rivals! Why would the guys send you in to convince me of anything?!

You're starry? I I don't get what you mean by that, Kyle. You're starry because uh I don't want it?

Um, seriously, you guys! Come on, watch.  Okay. 

...When I get all my superpowers, I'm gonna use them to smote you two assholes right off the planet!  Dude, superpowers are sweet.

Seems a little convenient, doesn't it?  Stan with somebody on the inside to help him get his PS4s. Who's playing dirty now? Let's face it, Sir Kyle, this is really about you and me getting XBoxes. The rest are simply there to help us get through those doors.

How do you murder a stuffed animal?! You tell us, Kyle!  Butbut but but, but uh but let's not get ahead of ourselves. There's still a biiig investigation to come. And until we prove beyond a reasonable doubt who the killer was, you are all just as guilty as Kyle. Thank you so much. Bagpipes please. 

That's stupid, who the hell would want to do that?

That's what I told him, but he doesn't listen to reason.

Did he say "the... largest putt-putt golf course in the world"?

We believe that St. Mary's is the best hospital for your child, and we're prepared to offer it a full ride. Now, do you know yet if your child is male or female, or so deformed you'll never be able to tell?

He could do everything. I saw Funnybot on "Nurse Jackie" and on "Rockin' The Boat."

Mister!  No! Stop, Token, stop! My brains! Stop eating my brains! Brad Pitt!  Hey Token. What's up, bro?  Fist bump? 

Man, that new version must have sucked balls.

No way, not Utah. Utah's nothin' but missionaries.

Dammit! Tell me who my father is already!

Here's two bus tickets to New Mexico. I want you to take Sir Scott Malkinson and go seek out George R. R. Martin for answers.

O, how I long for the spring meadows of Russia! The soft Russian sky!

Eh, too bad drinking scotch isn't a paying job, or else Kenny's dad would be a millionaire.  I said your dad would be a millionaire, get it?! Kenny?! Your family is poor Kenny!! Your family's poor!!!  I don't like Kenny anymore, he, he just doesn't communicate.

You know, if I'd been caught lying about something, that's exactly what I would have said.

How much further is it to Grandma's house? I wanna see what kind of present she got me.

Yeah, and then this other time, I went pee-pee in the holy water thing, and the priest blessed himself on the forehead with it every day for about a week.  And then this one time, I was at the park, and the priest was out walking his dog and I went-... number two on the sidewalk and then told Officer Barbrady that it was the priest's dog.  And so the priest got find like a hundred dollars for not cleaning it up. And then this one time, I put super glue all over the priest's bottle of-  -eh- Ow!  D'ow! Jesus! Ooww-ah! Ow!  Eh! Oh! Help.  Oh! Somebody help! God damnit! Let me out of here!

Stan... beaver dam!  Very large beaver dam, Stan!! 

How do I reach these keeds?  The reason that you think you can't get into college is because you haven't been taught... how to cheat properly! How do you think white people always get ahead? Because we cheat all the time- I mean because they cheat all the time.  This is Bill Beelichick, coach of the New England Patriots He's won three Super Bowls. How? He cheated. He even got caught cheating, and nobody cared. Bill Beelichick proved that in America it's okay to cheat. As long as you cheat your way to the top.

Okay, fine! Ready?! First one to have a platinum album wins! Go! 

It is real, Craig! I saw it on the news, butthole!

I suppose your socks smell like the Botanical Gardens!

Ah, gentlemen, thank you for coming. We don't have a lot of time, so I'll cut to the chase. The girls at our school have been hiding something from us, hiding something huge.

Man, this feels like the longest minute of my life.

Hoh, Oh my God! More people have to see this picture, you guys. I'm gonna put it on the Internet or... No, wait! Kenny.  I just had the greatest idea... ever!

Butters Butters, calm down! I know a way out of this!

This is a distraction from our work on the church!  Do not think that you can tempt us with toys  and new games  and tidings of powdered doughnut pancake surprise! For it is the afterlife we have concerned ourselves with!  Not the pleasures of this Earth, but salvation in the world aftah!!

You know, Wendy and I are supposed to fight in like three hours.

No, he was just telling me about something funny that happened at school yesterday. Um, oh, but anyway, ohhh! Oh wow, I can't believe how great it feels to finally love my fellow man, huh? Isn't this great you guys? We sure have been throgh a lot! But in the end, we all learned it's best to get along.
Hand in hand, we can live together. Ginger or not, we're all the same.
Black or white, brown or red, we shouldn't kill each other, 'cause it's lame. Come on, guys!
Hand in hand, we can live together.

"Don't make fun of my diabetes, I'm Scott Malkinson." 

Yeah, yeah I do. I think we really had a breakthrough here.

Alright cool, guys, gather all around. Everyone should be a witness to this.  Alright, you ready? Now say "I'm a dork, and I deserve what's coming to me." Come on, dude, "I'm a dork, and I deserve what's coming to me." 

Well if he does, too bad! Did you see the scratch on my head?!  Hey, Kyle.  Uhh. Dude, do you smell raspberries? I smell raspberries. Ho? Huh.  We need to do this now. At some point, he might start suspecting something's up.

Kenny, it doesn't go "Pakew! Pakew!", it goes "BANG BANG BANG!!" 

No! You guys, it's raping me! It's raping me!

Maybe you didn't hear so good in there, Kyle! Second-degree titty-twister!

Sweet. You're so cool, Trapper Keeper. I would never let those assholes take you away. I don't wanna wait for my Trapper Keeper to be overThe ways of my Trap--

This Saturday! Awesome!  Casa Bonita! Casa Bonita! Food and fun in a festive atmosphere.  Casa Bonita!

We were learning about how Yasmine Bleeth is going out with that...Richard Greco guy that used to be on 21 Jump Street but then he got his own show for just a little while- 

Uh, god damnit..! Our camera guy kinda sucks, but this next shot we did was really cool. 

Well, you don't sound like me. My name is Butters and I'm a little pussy who won't help his friends make money.

Dear Ms. McCormick. It is with a very heavy heart that I must inform you that your son Kenny was killed in battle  on the morning of November 18, at Ruby Hills Funland in Chattanooga. This war has taken something from all of us, and, although your son seems to be the only casualty so far, know that we all share your pain. Your son did not die in vain. I shall persevere and make Stan and Kyle my slaves. Because I hate those guys. I hate them so very very much. Yours, General Cartman Lee.

No, no, listen, Kyle! I'm on to something. There really is hope.

Well if they found somebody else's sea men in her stomach, maybe they'll find our sea people, too.

Fine, Kyle! But if something goes wrong out there on the planet surface, don't hold me responsible.

It was a miracle. He came to save us and take us back home.

You guys, come on. That's not kewl. You shouldn't rip on her because she's fat. You should rip on her 'cause she's ugly. Okay? She looks like someone hit her in the face with a hot shovel, and that's why she sucks, alright?

Sorry dude, I'm winning this race! Hit the brakes! Bye Kenny. 

All right, you got the spot figured out? You're not gonna lose where I am, right?

Don't you touch him! Leave him alone!  Peter Panda!

Well who was it?  It was Kenny, right?

There you are! Where have you been? We have another anti-American video to create! 

Twenty hours until Christmas. Our parents still have time to buy us presents IF we hurry. 

How are we doing on those patties, Jew?

The men are just inexperience, Sir Kyle. They need more training.

What's the score, ese? Okay, let's go, your turn.  That's two to nothing, amigoo. 

Yeah, huh?  It-it's like the tobacco companies have control of my mind- No. Must. Fight it. Tobacco companies... making me want to smoke. Ah!

No. NOO!  I won't do it. I won't do it, you hear me! I'm better than this.  And to hell with you, Mr. Kitty. You're a bad kitty! Bad, bad kitty! It's time somebody stood up, and did the right thing. 

Well we can just make them out of paper.

Yeah, dude! My mom says all I have to do is chow on this box.

We only have until 10 a.m. tomorrow!  Get the lead out!

No! No, we have to stop them! You know how we-?! We gotta stop them! Hebbiaaay! 

Oh. Well, sure. I have some friends who want to be mature,  excluding Stan and Kyle, of course.

Butters! We're trying to help you, Goddamnit! Now, stop being such an asshole!

Thank you, Ms. Secretary, that will be all.  And get some more cookies and coffee! We're not paying you to sit on your ass!

Well, believe it friends. The impossible has happened.  Kenny has a girlfriend.

...No, as a matter of fact, Jimmy Buffett came instead.  Oh yeah, it's real fuckin' funny, Kyle!

Hey, how about you people speed it up in here? I'm about to crap my pants and I demand access to the toilet right now!

They're innocent victims in this, Kyle! They have to hide or they'll be put to death! Something you just can't understand! 

Well, you see Butters, everything worked out.  "Oh, thank you Eric. I screwed up everything but now everyone's happy. Thanks for covering my ass."

I wonder why Kenny didn't wanna take shop class? 

Aw, don't tell me we haven't even reached the cloud city yet!

My mom could make a better Christmas special than this!

Uh... Oh! I brushed my teeth last night!

NO!  Oh God, oh God it's so good.

You see, my father worked for a newspaper in my native country of Denmark. His newspaper showed an image of Mohammad and, two days later, terrorists suicides bombed his building. I was in the lobby when it happened.  First one terrorist suicide bombed us and, then dozens more. They just kept coming. Suicide bombers running in the building and blowing up one after another! They were like Mexican jumping beans. I just don't wanna see people here at your studio getting hurt, because... that would be, of course, your responsibility.  Ow..

It's between me and four other kids. I'm on my way now with my mom to the finals.

Fine! In the meantime, shut your Goddamned daywalker mouth!  Let's see, where was I? Oh yes! Like vampires, the ginger gene is a curse,  and unless we work to rid the earth of that curse, the gingers could envelop our lives in blackness for all time. It is time that we all admit to ourselves that gingers are vile and disgusting. In conclusion, I will leave you with this: if you think that the ginger problem is not a serious one,  think again. 

Yes. A photograph. And I know who took it! His name is Kyle Broflovski!

Uhh noo! Screw those guys. They're dorks, and I'm not playing with them.

...And so you see, Simon & Simon were not brothers in real life, only on television.

Oh, no big deal. I just found a group called NAMBLA with adult members, and they all think that I'm sure mature they want me to be their new poster child is all.  It looks like I'm finally gonna have mature friends who I can relate to. Nyanyanyanyah nyah nyah! I'm too mature for you guys! Nyanyanyanyah nyah nyah! 

Dude, seriously, you'd better stop being so poor, or else I'm gonna start huckin' rocks atcha.

Oh, my God! Kyle is even starting to look like he's from Jersey! His skin is turning orange!

Nononono! Me h'myah , you guys myah!  — maybe a little mo down, down in hyah.  SCREW YOU GUYS, I'M GOING HOME. 

Oh, are you gonna take us to your little pussy house?

If you're making this up to keep me around Conner, the you'd better-

Yes there is! The French experimented with it in World War II!

"Jonas Brothers talk music, faith in God, and purity rings." These Disney douche bags are the ones causing all this! 

I'll try. Ten seconds is a long time.

Let us get back to our work at the church.  Yea. I shall answer the phone, hyah.  Hello?

Please show your support for CartmanBrah brah right now by uh...

Wow. Sounds like this Cartman kid is pretty smart.

What if I were to tell you that the girls have a device, which allows them to see... into the future.

Wendy, I want to apologize, and um, tell you that-

Oho, really? What are you gonna do about it, Wendy?

Oh, you think I'm overreacting again, hun?! No! Not this time!  The school has gone too far, and it affects each and every one of you!  You remember the school physical we all took last week?!

Ey! Don't call me fat!  Mom, don't laugh.

Well, check everywhere! I'm not paying you guys each twenty bucks to scratch your buttholes!

Kenny, you got the f-a-g on that perp in Washington

Yeah, I can’t get this stupid song out of my head.

Is Kyle laughing out there!? This isn't a time for funny jokes, I'm gonna die!

Oh boy, that thing has really got sand in it's vagina! 

Yes, that's a good Precious. Okay, now it puts the lotion back in the basket.

Yes! Do you really wanna go back to that?!

You! Get back in the trashcan where you belong!

That's Mr. Cartman now, Kyle! And you will be wise not to interrupt my class unless you want to be suspended!  Yeahhh.  Mmm yeah, you like that?  All right, Clyde, you're first! Get up here!  Yeah, you're gonna take it, Clyde. 

I've already done my research boys. What you're looking at there is a Jewpacabra.

Yeah, listen, I'm running a retail business, but I can't get enough of people's unwanted crappy jewelry to keep up, so I'd like to buy some of yours.

You're goin' down, bitch!  Nobody takes my ratings!

How long until Nintendo Wii comes out now?!

Ooo, is that jealousy I see in your eyes, Craig? Mmm, yes, drown me in the sweet water of your envy.

Because we all know that the new material I've written is stuff those guys can't handle, and we'll suffer from it!

Shutup, Jew!  Yes, well. For my project, I made a pencil, taped to a pen. In this way we see the duality of writing devices that occur in nature.

I totally lied, Kyle. And when you asked me if I had lied, I looked you right in the eye and said "No." I owe you an apology and, I mean it.

What'd we do? We've been here the whole time.

And I'm here, Goddess Earthly Delight. So this is the first meeting of our club for teens who have gotten their periods. We're supposed to talk about our periods. And boys. Let's talk about boys first. I think Craig is pretty cool, but I don't think Clyde is very cool.

...so why are we all fucked? They'll think you wrote it all.

That's it! Party is over!  Everybody go home!  GET THE HELL OUT, I SAID! THE PARTY'S OVER! GET OUT, GODDAMMIT! 

Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!

Look, it's okay. We weren't here. This didn't happen, okay. We were both at my house all afternoon long playing Tea Party. Okay? Now come on, we gotta bail! 

You know, first thing in the morning when it just won't come out?

Hand me the modeling glue. We need more fur over here. 

Goddamn, I've gotta sleep in a room with six other people?! How poor are we?!

Can you tell me where the pube fair is?

Hey, you guys, you know what we should do? We should go show our weapons to Craig and those guys. They'll be so jealous.

Scuzzlebutt is a creature that lives up on this very mountain, and kills anybody who dares climb to the top.

Can't seem to be able to take a dump in your house, Mr. Broflovski. Doesn't appear to be handicap-accessible.  I'll look past it this time, but you'd better get that bathroom up to code of you don't want a lawsuit.  Well, I'm off to go try to take a shit at Best Buy, guys. See you, Kyle. 

Knock it off you guys, she said she was young, and needed the money.

We are saving your daughter from the clutches of hell, suh! 

Shhh, Kenny...  Old Ken is taking it especially hard. He's always loved dolphins so much that he-  Yeah yeah but, but keep it in a two-shot, though.  Yeah, keep it there.  He's always loved dolphins so much that he would do anything.

Yeess.  Yeess.  It worked, you guys, it actually worked!

Alright, that does it!  I'm sick of this shit and I'm not gonna be  taking it any longer!  You all pushed me to this! 

You happy with the election results last night, Kyle?

You guys. Ya know what? My grandma was Dutch Irish, and my grandpa was lesbian - that makes me quarter-lesbian.

What's wrong?  Has he been checked for bombs?

Hey, dude. Do you like to rock?!  Yes, I like to rock! Helloo, Baltimore!

But of course you own slaves, because, oh... riiight.  Of couse you don't have desire to own slaves, son, neither do I. And if there was any government agency listenin' in on this heah conversation, they should know that we'er not talkin' 'bout slave ownership. Gaauu.  Alright, so now, how do you get around not paying your slaves.

It was genius! I waited 'til he was totally asleep, right? And then I got my camera, and I pulled down his pants, and then I took a picture of his wiener in my mouth! 

You guys really think I could do this, don't you? You really believe in me. 

By pledging just one or two dollars, you are helping us in our fervent quest to not have to do stuff. If you pledge $10 or more, you will receive this luxurious company micro badge.

It's okay! I'm a hallway monitor!  Keep separation! Leeroy, check out our twenty!

All I know is I'm transginger, and you can't make me go to the bathroom with the cisgingers.

Attention! Attention please!  This is a message for all of you out there who have just ended a relationship. Sometimes, love is hard. But you can't just run away from it. When you start to have something special you have to work at it!  Even though it might seem like the world is against you, you still have to hold on! With both hands!  Don't let society dictate who you can and can't be with. Kyle, I love you babe. You can run all you want, try to pretend you like girls, but damnit, when we kiss there's magic! Don't let it go, Kyle. 

Good morning South Park Elementary. These are the morning announcements. And I, am Eric Cartman. All forms for the school book drive must be handed it to Mr. Davis in the library by the end of the school day today. Hm, doesn't seem like they gave us a lot of notice on that, uh, 'kay. Oh well.  For lunch today, the cafeteria will be serving a selection of cold sandwiches. Cold sandwiches. Oh well, thank you so much! Remember when we used to be served hot food? I mean, what has happened to our school? This school is transforming into something very bad, and why? Because we have leadership that doesn't care! I'm talking of course about our student body president, Wendy Testaburger!  Ever since Wendy was elected student body president, this school has started a rapid decline towards some socialist regime where students no longer have a voice! The music room will be closed off today due to painting. All students in band and choir will meet in the gymnasium instead. Oh oh, so now, so now the school is using money to paint the music room. How old and outdated is our playground equipment? What other school has a fifteen-year-old merry-go-round on it? Our school president is turning this whole place into Communist Russia!  It's not a coincidence that once Wendy took office this school started coming apart at the seams! Your teachers don't wanna tell you, but they are scared, and they should be, because the very fabric of this elementary school is tearing from all corners.

Who fuckin' cares, Token?! I could never beat Kyle now! I'll say it again! Fuck Jesus! 

Oh wait, wait, wait, aah it wasn't her. That's right, I forgot, it was uh... Kelly Pinkertonstinfurter

Would somebody put this retard out of his misery?!

Yeah Mom, I'm holding a meeting for all the people who loved The Passion as much as I did.

Now, let's try not to send anyone to that monster nurse this time, Frenchy.

Guys, remember when we heard about that pollack with one testicle in the revolutionary war? What was his name?

Oh, good. In The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe, a bunch of uh, hippies, walk around and paint stuff. They eat lunch, and then they find a magical... camel... which they have to eat to stay alive. And that's pretty much it; I give it a B-minus.

That didn't stop any of the other boy bands, dumbass!  I've got prerecorded music we can sing to, just like they do. All we need to do is practice our choreography over and over and over!

Look at, look at the description. Brown eye! 

Yes, Kyle.  The sun's rays are bad for my skin, so I need to be protected when I'm outside. Well, I'm glad we've gotten all that out of the way, and now we can just go on with our lives as normal.

...Man, I can't believe all this time, Chef just wanted us for sex.

Kenny! You have to tell us about hell! Give us every last horrible detail!

What do you mean? Now we can finally play the game.

Why? I'll tell you why! Because he's a God-damned asshole, aaand, that's about it!

You guys know what? Um, the last thing you do when you die, is crap your pants.

There's no time for rest, sorcerer! Keep up! 

What kind of video did you guys make?

"My arms hurt." Pick the fucking sign up, Butters! This is a business! 

Rgh! Ma'am, the Crack Baby Athletic Association is a storied franchise. It was founded over twelve days ago, with a firm ethical code that strictly states "benefits to players is detrimentalized to their well-being." I cannot offer you or your child any cash. I can however offer you a little bit of crack. Butters? 

Don't you get it Mom?! People voted for Obama, so now that everything sucks they have to blame me!  They didn't take my Stormtrooper watch...  My Arkham City game is still here... what else could they have-   Oh my God.  Clyde Frog!

No, it was just for a second!  What, what can I do? How how can I reverse this?

I got boned! That's what I did, Mom! I try to do good stuff and nobody even notices!

It really takes the edge off, man. You should try it. 

Kyle, just- don't be a dick right now.

Yes I may be born again, but I was wasn't born again yesterday.
I wanna get down on my knees and start pleasing Jesus! I wanna feel his salvation all over my face!

Look, I can offer you seventy-five dollars for that fetus right now, Jill.

It's flawless! I'll act like I have a disability, and when the time come to compete I'll kick ass against all the handicaps!

Let us pray.  Heavenly Father, do not send us to hell. We're sorry. Whatever we did, we're sorry.

Well, see, the problem with that is there's a superhero union called Coon and Friends. But if you refuse to be a part of that union. you are a scab!

Looks like we're in the school now. Check out Wendy, she's flat as a pancake.

Get it!  Get that fucking leprechaun! I want it alive! 

Hooray!  Yes. I'm gonna have your and your boyfriend's voices on my Speak and Record bear, and then you'll mostly never babysit me again! Mostly.

Do you have any idea how liberating it is to say whatever comes to mind? "Big titties! Buttmunch!" There's no walls anymore! "Shit!" Whatever enters my brain I can just say without thinking about it. "I wet my bed last night." 

I cleared up the table, Mom. I'm gonna go upstairs and make my bed now. 

I think the person that stood out most at the amusement park was Jimmy. 

I was given my gift from a tragic accident. I didn't need to go to Psychic Detective School.

You know what I'mm gonna miss most? Pancakes. I keep having dreams of Aunt Jemima. She's trying to tell me something. But then she just fades away.

All right, come on, Butters, we gotta go tell Token I'm sorry for rippin' on him for bein' black. 

Come, guys. We must bring this all to the attention of the High Elf of Paragon.

Come on, twinkle stars, we got work to do.

Dumbass, it's November.  The History Channel is probably playing Thanksgiving specials back to back. We can learn everything we need.

Alright, come in.  Kenny's here; I told him all about it. 

Actually, I was thinking... let's just keep this between us. I was wrong to make fun of breast cancer, and I'm very remorsefulness.

Oh God! They're coming! They're coming! We gotta get out of here! They're coming this way!

Butters, remind me later to cut your balls off.

Oh my god they're so gaaay!  Um, kewl. What if I were to tell you that we have a way for you to join us in getting XBox Ones super cheap.

Uh, no, a man just broke into our house and he's about to rape my mom.  Go go, she's upstairs.  Hello, did you hear me? A rapist is here; he's white!

Whoop I'm comin' up on that turn thing again. I got to stayer left.  Get out of the way you idiots, I'm tryin' to win this dayum thang!

Look at me, I'm riding high in Santa's sleigh. It's Christmas special time for me-

Poop-smearing is the hot ticket right now, Stan, and... have you seen the poop swatches.

Well, looks like once again, the Dawg has prevailed. I hope you've learned, kids, that if you don't go with Christ, you could end up just like that splattered bitch down on the pavement.

Token, how many times do we have to go through this? You're black. You can play bass.

I asked God to send someone to help me, and you came, Kyle! I love you man!

They have like, video games and rides and a cotton-candy machine, oh, and, and in their back yard, guess what they have in their back yard?! Guess. A train.

Yuhwell, you're not dreaming!  Ey! Cut the crap!

Boner balls. Boner balls-boner... Boner forest. Dense... boner forest.

Wow, a dragon right on the blade. Mom, can I get a Sumatomi sword used by the ancient Tokugawa soldiers??

Ooooh, isn't this great you guys? Being able to walk the streets now that old people are confined to their homes where they belong?

Oh my God. I crapped my pants.  You guys, I crapped my pants!  Heheh. You guys! You guys, check it out!

Have you ever met my friend Kyle's mom?  
She's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world.
She's a mean ole bitch 'cause she has stupid hair, 
she a bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch
bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch 
she's a stupid bitch!
Kyle's mom's a bitch and she's just a dirty bitch!
KYLE'S MOOOM IS A - BI-I-I-ITCH - aahh.

Scott Tenorman!!! How are you, Scott? Thanks so much for coming! 

Yeah but the blood's on Clyde's wiener, not mine.

Okay, cool, could we set up the two long tables here, like, facing each other, and then another one for the bride and groom back there?

I'm talking about the end of all life as we know it.  For the past several days I've been... noticing a steep rise in the number of hippies coming to town.  At first I thought maybe it was just a coincidence.  Then I saw this...  Three new drum circles have sprouted up here, here, and here. They're all growing in diameter, at a rate of two hippies per hour. What this means... is that the hippies are conglomerating. They're thriving, if you will. I think that they're setting up for a... . hippie music festival.

What's the point? Everyone hates us at school and our party's gonna suck.

A hot tub full of KFC gravy, Kyle. Did you ever think you would see that in your lifetime?  Kyle, as owners of this company, we owe it not only to ourselves, but to the crack babies to be as stress-free and clear-headed as possible. McDonald's French fries and KFC gravy. The French call this "poutaine".

Looks like Stan's dad's been hittin' the bottle again.

Oh my God. You mean they don't know people can stream movies cheaper and more conveniently online?

Oh, Marty's Movie Reviews are on, kick ass!

And that is my presentation on Latinos in the arts. Thank you. 

Yep, finding new friends is easier today than ever before. We just set ourselves up on webcam, and then the computer will randomly put us with one of the fifty thousand people online also doing chatroulette.

It's not potholes you need to worry about. It's potheads. I know what these people are capable of. '

Butters get back to my room! The veracrosses are destablilzing!

No way, dude! I can't stand to leave things unfinished. It's like when you hear the first part of that song, "Come Sail Away", by Styx. If I hear the first part of that song, I have to finish it.

I'm riding in Santa's sleigh. So high above the trees at Christmastime. With candy-cane wishes and smiles-

Alright, what's up NASCAR fans? I don't know about y'all, but this President Obama is pissin' me off! So I'm gonna do some dip and speak my mind. Today I'm gonna be dippin'...  Vagisil Regular Strength Anti-Itch Creme.  Oh yeah. Yeah, that's a big dipper right there. But I'm pretty pissed off at what I found out. I found out this "Obama" wants to put a bigger tax on gasoline!  What the fuck is up with that?! That's fuckin' gay! And he's fuckin' gay as hell!  You all know my pit boss, Butters.

Yeah, come on, let's go!  I am the mightiest dwarf in all of Azeroth!

What's wrong is that there's more of you showing up every day and I need to find out why!

There, you see? My wiener isn't 1.2 inches, it's 1.4!  What, Red?! You're all freaking out because my wiener is smaller than the other guys'?! I don't care!  Clearly I'm very happy with the size of my wiener, or else why would I have called for a new measurement, and for this poster to be put up at all?! Don't forget that this was all my idea!

Riiight. Simple. Rustic. Ya? Wake up! Jesus! Fuck me. You're not a fucking chef! Hoi, right, good, ya. Make a nice, simple, beef Wellington. You're fucking taking a piss ya? Fuck me! You can't cook!

Nobody followed you, right? You didn't tell anybody?!

Thank me by living, Butters. Live. And... rebuild.  I've got to go. Remember, wait one week for the toxic levels to go down. On Saturday.  G-goodbye!  All right. Just six days, Butters. Sit tight.

You don't drink tea in a ballpark, you French piece of crap!

I'm not fat. I just have a sweet hockey body.

O-hoo Kyle, you are gobbling those balls, aren't you? I told you you would suck my balls before this was over, didn't I, Kyle?

The FUCK?!  'Scuse me, where are the pirates?  Hey, hey we're looking for the pirates? Where can we find the-uh!  Butters, get the phrase book out.  Ask these people where the pirates are.

I don't know. There's a lot of competition here.

Because I'm transginger. I looked it up: that means I can use the girls shitter.

What I intend to do with the money is not an issue, is it? I suggest you start looking for that money quickly. Kyle doesn't seem to have much time. Tick-tock. Tick-tock.

That bitch! I'm gonna go downstairs and kick her square in the nuts!

Me being a bigot stopped a nuclear bomb from going off, yes or no?!

We can't come down there, or else, we'll contaminate you, Butters. No... we just have to survive the best we can. 

Ooohh, I love whole new levels! This is gonna be so totally awesome! CartmaaanBrah!

Me, too.  I'm choosing my own toys from now on, 'cause-- 

Well good going, Mom! You completely screwed me over!

Clyde, Clyde!  If you had a chance right now to go back in time and stop Hitler, wouldn't you do it?  I mean, I personally wouldn't stop him because I think he was awesome, but you would, right?

Hurry up, you guys. We've gotta get that sick kid's tooth fairy money before Loogie does.

A clubhouse? Heheh, that's the lamest thing I've ever heard!

I'm alive!  I'm alive, you guys.  I don't know how, but I'm alive!  Can you believe it? It's a miracle.  Listen everybody, last night I almost died. But then a Passover miracle happened. The Jewpacabra passed me over, and by the power of Jehovah I somehow woke up safely in my bed. I learnt a big lesson. It's wrong, guys. Christ didn't die for our sins and God is angry. It's time for us all to stop this Easter ridiculousness, accept Jehovah as our God and deny Christ.

Haaa hahaha! You guys are hella stupid! I knew you would fall for that!

My fellow gingers! The day of reckoning is finally upon us! 

NO! COME BACK! Come back please, this isn't right!

Whoa, Kenny, relax dude. We need to work together.

A man just broke into my house and is-  Varashnu? I didn't sign up to have some Indian guy call me- Are you even in the United States?!

Totally fine? Then it hasn't happened yet. Oh my God, we still have time!

You son of a bitch!  Wait a minute.  Lucky for me, I have my Trapper Keeper homing device. 

You don't know San Francisco, Butters.  It was the breeding ground for the hippie movement in the 60s. Those hard-core liberals, lesbian activists, and die hard modern hippies young and old.  I swore I would never set foot in San Francisco. God help me.  All right, Butters, I'll be tethered to you through this cord. It's my only lifeline, so make sure it stays taut. If you stop hearing my voice, for the love of Christ, start reeling me in with all your strength.

Happy Birthday, Kyle. I just wanted to stop by and give you your present.

You know what you do when you want a family to move away? Every night, you go and take a crap on their doorstep.

Okay, that does it. Screw you guys, I'm home. 

There's even World War Three to look forward to.

Oh God, why don't you sit under a rainbow and write a poem, Kyle?

Liiike... a tampon... in the school cafeteria... in, in somebody's lunch.  Liiike, a, a dog crap... on, on a guy's face! 

Oh my God, dude! Your dad must be the coolest guy in the world!

I checked on the Internet, Kyyyle, and getting Butters to put my wiener in his mouth wouldn't make me not gay like you said!

I told you guys. He's been watching High School Musical over and over again.

Well well well, here he comes. It's BJ McKay and his best friend Bear.

Yeah, just go with it, Wendy, cisginger bitch! Of course, being forced into my own isolated will probably be somewhat traumatic for me. I might have to approve certain aspects of this... solitary location.

We were just wondering who you might be voting for, for the school's new mascot.

Aw, shut up, you freakin' hippies!  Alright, Mr. Worf, start the engine and put her in gear. Oh, amd you must refer to me as "Captain."

Calm down! Calm down! We can have special effects, too. Now, I know a lot is going wrong, but we've got to stick together to make this play work!  All of us! 

Man! I can't believe we're gonna miss Terrance & Phillip today. I think I'm already having withdrawal. 

Thank you, thank you very much. Now, in order to do what we  all know needs to be done, we are first going to need more support. I think we should all go out and take at least one other person to see The Passion.

Give him sucky, Craig, give him sucky! Hurlong churshar!

Clear as summer rain! Clear as a flavorless bottle of vitamin water! This school has finally transformed to the socialist whoreland where a student isn't free! Well I'm not gonna be a part of it, do you understand?! I'm leaving this... hypocritical Communist school! i'm walking out and I'm never coming back! 

You know, maybe we're not seeing heaven because one of us is a J-O-O.

Beat it, toots! We've got discrimination work to do! 

I'm sorry I handcuffed Billy Turner's ankle to the school flagpole.

Then it's settled. Oh, I have such a great mother.  Such a beautiful mother.

Mexicans are told not to cheat. "Don't cheat! You got pregnant? You have to raise the child." So then you have to raise the child while the white girls get to go to college and probably have a bunch more abortionnns.  It is at our most challenging times that we must cheat... our very hardest.

You have a strong influence over the rest of the men, Lady McCormick. All I'm saying is when the time comes, I might need you to... use that influence to have Kyle taken care of. Do we understand each other?

I have been sent from Japan to serve as your personal robot.

You have to talk louder. I forgot the double-A batteries for the SuperTalk play-action headset.

We gingers are proud people! We are the noble descendants of great Americans like Ron Howard, and ...others! We will not be discriminated against any longer, for we are a great race!

Butters, the guys have been talkin' to me and well, they've got me pretty pumped up.  I'm psyched, Butters. I'm about to do somethin' big and  I'm psyched!

Please tell her there is to be a meeting in the Great Hall. I have found a way to get XBox Ones, and the fair Lady McCormick will want to hear about it.

Outside the snow is falling and friends are calling, "You-hoo"...

Uh, everyone, tweet now if you wanna get rid of PewDiePie!

Would you like to touch my body?
Come on and touch my body!
Oooo, my hot body!
Don't you like my hot body?
Come on and touch my titties!
I felt them just like?
Come on Justin, touch my body!
Mmm, Justin, yeah!
Touch my body! You and me!
Check it out, my not-hot body!
Come on, my body!

Come on, Jimmy, we gotta go back and finish that joke!  "Like fishsticks in your mouth? What are you a gay fish?" There! 

Please, Chef! I don't know what to do about my stupid glasses.

Did you all lie to me? All of you, in that room, when you told me my mother was my father?

Hah!  It's Wednesday! It's Wednesday!  Only three more days till Casa Bonita.  Oh, that would be so bad-ass!

God damnit, you're supposed to trade those, you little asshole! Give me Pengin!

All Jews carry gold in a little bag around their necks! Hand it over!

I thought you might say that, Kyle. Because you don't want to take the test, do you?!

Huh? Oh, I get it, Kyle. That's your Serbian Jew double bluff. Make me think you don't care about being in the commercial so that maybe I won't either. Ooops. didn't work, did it, Kyle?

That does it! Wait right here!  Guys, did you hear that? Butters doesn't know how you make semen come out of your body.

No on, come on, let's read it now!

Yeah, I'll see you around.  Sure is too bad about my grandma, though...

Your brother is with Butters taking inventory of our latest plunder, Kyle. You... just sit tight till we hear about your ransom money, hmhmm.

Wait for me, I wanna get out of these stupid clothes. 

Gentlemen, we can win this battle!  Sure, we could lose, and tonight we can go back to our families and say, "We did it! We lost like we were supposed to! Aren't we proud?!" Or, or we take that hill. We take that hill, and when we stand tall upon it, we hold our heads high, and we yell, "Not this year! This year belongs to the Confederaseh!" 

I know. That's why I have to have them up my ass.  Shut up, you guys! It's not funny!

Butters just got on a bus with his backpack and said he's going to Hawaii.

Damnit! Okay, okay okayokayokay. We'll put off practice for now, and hold auditions for a fifth member. Get the word out that auditions will be tomorrow morning!

Mom, don't you love me? Can't you see I'm unhappy right now?

Come on, brothers and sistersWe've all got to join togetherJoin together and give me moneySo I can buy more Chinpokomon!We've got to stop this fight and...

He doesn't want your dumbass umbrella, clown! Beat it!  Ow. 

Oh my God, look everyone, it's the Coon!

You know the feeling when the huge dump you just took shoots back up inside your ass? NO I"M NOT ALL RIGHT!!

I don't know, but it sounds pretty sweet.

Uhhh, the trademark got pulled so I'm totaly free to use the name, actually.  Um, Butters, could you get that?

Yeah yeah. Can you tell me what year it is?

Oh. Um, uh... Kenny?  Oh, it was on the Internet. Yeah, I just downloaded it off the Internet and nobody knows who took it. Huh, Kenny?

This is gonna be the best version of the Miracle Worker ever!

Heey, just what the hell do you think you're doing?

I'm gonna get those killer sai.  Look Kenny! There's something even you can afford! A ninja shuriken  for a dollar ninety nine.

Kenny's family is so poor that, yesterday, they had to put their cardboard box up for a second mortgage.  I said, your family had to put a cardboard box up for a second mortgage, Kenny!  I'm talking to you Kenny, achtung!  Poor piece of crap.

HA! Get the hell out of here, Stan!

Me? You're the one talking about killer titties.  Watch out, guys. Wendy said boobs can kill people.  Grrr. Gonna get you. Gonna get you, Wendy!

Oh my God... If we found this out it's only a matter of time before everybody else does.

I have a dad, butthole. My mom is my dad.

You guys, listen to this song I just wrote. It's called, "I Hate You Guys":
I hate you guys.
You guys are assholes.
Specially Kenny.
I hate him the most.
Okay now, let's try one all together:
I hate you guys. Come on, you guys know the words.
Specially Kenny.

God, what a craphole, dude! This is like East Denver! Jesus Chru-heist!

That's right. There's a resort near there called 'The Atlantis Hotel and Casino'. They have a water slide there that goes through a shark tank.

And you're gonna be here a little longer, brah, all right? Here, here's some joints , and a guitar! 

Giya! Shut up, hippies! I'll kill you!  Iya!

God, I wish we had a Pizza Hut in South Park.

We did it you guys. We're totally heroes.

Hey Craig. Goin' on? Token! Bet your mom has some old jewelry she wouldn't notice missing. Bebe! You got those rhinestones in your earrings, I'll have some walking cash! I can probably offer you a-

Oh yeah? Have you guys ever heard of  Scuzzlebutt?

Those sea men from the teacher's stomach somehow combined with the remaining sea people we had left in the tank and, ah, well LOOK! 

Stan, don't you know the first law of physics? Anything that's fun costs at least eight dollars.

Oh my God. Token, aren't you stoked?  Aww, that's awesome, Token. I'm happy for you.

That's right... That's right!  Ohhh.  I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have doubted you. Please come back. I know I got a little angry but... I believe in you. Do you hear me? I believe in you.

Ss. Who? Oh him? Oh. No, that was just... Tha-that was about something else, totally unrelated.

Yeah, well this year I have a secret weapon! 

Dude, I'm telling you! Butters beat the crap out of Scott, and then he locked himself in the bathroom! 

Pfffft. Aw, that's a doozie, Wendy! You come up with that one on your own?!

Aw dude, you guys are not gonna believe this. You know what we just found out? Well it turns out that Butters, our Butters, has never kissed a girl 

What do you mean? Have you ever seen Step By Step?  So he lives alone on this mountain, and weaves baskets, and other assorted crafts. They say that on quiet nights you can hear him weaving his baskets. Tahink … tahink … tahink.

If you're all trying to make me feel better, then you must still like me. Oh, oh phew! Oh, you had me so worried about what you guys were gonna think of me getting beat up by a girl and... it turns out you think I'm cool no matter what. Oh, oh, oh God, what a relief!  Oh, yay! 

Uh yah sir, excuse me. D-Does this mean that I..have...one million dollars?

I can't take it anymore, you guys. The wait for Nintendo Wii is literally killing me.

Hello. Is this the University of Colorado Biology Department? ...Great, uh I understand you're currently doing research on stem cells? Kewl, because I'm currently in possession of some aborted fetuses that I'm looking to unload? ...Uh, how much do you pay? ...No, no, come on, ah I got a guy who's gonna give me eighty dollars a pound right now. ...How about a hundred? ...Oh you're breaking my balls- I, I'll think about it.
Bosnod Medical Group? ...Yeah, I called earlier about the stem cells and the fetuses? ...Okay, hi Randy, yeah. ...Oh yes, they've been kept in a cool temperature, yeah. ...These are primo fetuses, Randy, I wouldn't jerk you around. ...So what can your company give me for 'em? ...Oh Randy, you're breaking my balls here. ...You're breaking my balls, Randy. 
Oh plehease! Okay, you tell me where you can get aborted fetuses for seventy cents on the dollar? You tell me, Chuck? ...Yeah, I didn't think so-You know, I'm just like the fetuses, Chuck. I wasn't born yesterday, either. Uh huh. ...So are you gonna talk to me, or are we just gonna keep bullshitting each other? Breakin' my balls, Chuck. 
I gotta unload these fetuses, you wanna do some research. Are we talkin' here or what? You're breaking my balls. ...I'm telling you, if you let this deal pass you by, you're making a fetal mistake.  That's a joke  ...A hundred ten. ...Alright, alright, we got a deal. ...Good bye.  Damn I'm good. 

Aww coool, huh Kenny? Peew Peew! I got a NASCAR, Kenny!  So awesome, huh Kenny? 

Töten sie die Juden. Wir können nicht still stehen bis sie alle tot sind! Okay, I'm ready. I'm ready to do thy bidding, Mel Gibson. 

There's... no way. No way Jewpacabra is real.  Those, those cryptozoologists don't know what they're talking about. They just... they just gave me a case of the Hebrew jeebies that's all... Eh, eaah.  Hey. Jewpacabra can't be real, right? Tell me again why it can't be real?  I mean, it's impossible that something I made up could turn out to actually exist, huh, Kyle?

Stan, could you hurry it up? I'm freezing my ass off.

"Nobody's gonna notice"?! What about her huge freakin' hooters, huh?! 

No, Fonics Monkey!  No, Fonics Monkey, that's a bad Fonics Monkey! 

Well, you shouldn't be such a dick, dude. 

Kenny-chan, please come home at once. Our two houses have found peace. Come to the Red Robin wedding, and we will accept you as the princess you are. Yours truly, the Wizard King.

Concerned citizens, I thank you for coming.  I know that you are all deeply troubled and want to find a quick and painful way to get rid of Scott Tenorman once and for all!  Yes, Clyde!

Fuck you, dude! This is the Garden of Andros!

I'm telling you guys, I swear, you have to believe me, I am a computer program. I'm not real.

If you really felt bad, you'd wipe that fucking smirk off your face!  Well any God damned second, Kyle!

I resent that, sir! I have never in my life done anything just for the money! If I'm lying may the Lord strike me down right now.

You know, there's always like five or six minorities wearing their T-shirts in the wave pool, pisses me off.

Now listen. All we have to do is agree as a community to all bolt our toilet seats down. If they can't raise or lower, there's zero chance of anyone falling in.

Kyle, why are you so afraid of the truth?!

Eheh, I'm afraid you'll find all the phones... quite out of service.

I'm serious now!  Look. Over by those bushes.

Oh, come on, Kenny! You never have a sweet costume! You're not gonna win the costume contest!

Well, you know, with your wiener.  Just stay down here until you hear word from me. And... pray, Butters... pray for all mankind. 

No- cold sore is what girls call it, Kenny. It's actually herpes.

Let me go! Please! I am just a little boy!

So then he grabs my throat, right? And he slams my head into a tree! And then he screams, "I'll smash your teeth in!" My head is all like gashed open.

Okay Kyle, you caught us. I admit we aren't actually doing volunteer work at the hospital.

You can't scare a Jewpacabra, Butters. Don't forget we're dealing with a creature that drinks blood, hides in the night and has absolutely no belief in the divinity of Christ.  Did you hear that? I'm going to try a Jewpacabra mating call now. NO CHRIST! NO CHRIST! I'M REALLY NOT BUYING THIS WHOLE CHRIST THING!  He's here somewhere.

Don't you EVER, EVER, compare me to Family Guy! You hear me Kyle??!! Compare me to Family Guy again, and so help me I will kill you where you stand! 

He's gonna give us all Texas chili bowls. 

Wait. I remember. It was the red button! 

Here's another patriotic American. He probably spent hours listening to all those presidential ads and tuned in to every debate. 

Come on, kid, you gotta at least swing at it.

I have to call my friends over; they're never gonna believe it.

This is the reason why our living rooms are dying, so we've got to do something.

Yeah, I'd be pissed too, so maybe we should reschedule the fight for tomorrow?

You see that? Dayanica Patrick tried to get in my way. That pisses me off!

We have to rehearse all that we can!  Now, check this out:  My mom made us costumes!

Yep. We've gotta bring somebody else on who can handle the more difficult roles that we can wrestle against instead of those guys.

Well, the school put the sizes of all our penises up on a big chart in the school hallway!

I am studying, Mom. I'm learning with the Fonics Monkey. 

Oh did they? Uh I hadn't heard about that.

Alright, guys. Let's do it like we rehearsed! We need energy! We need to be up!

Oh my God, this is just sooo awesome!

Butters, you understand this game better than anybody.

Stick and stones may break my bones, but I'm Jesus and you aren't.

Craig is on the bottom, right? Or is it Kenny 'cause you'd be eating Pop Tarts for dinner if you married him.

Well, well, well, look who's here! Our little home economics friend, Kenny!

Did you hear about Pete Melman? Pretty messed up, huh?

What?! Aw, God damn it!  Well I'll tell you this, Kyle. I'm never gettin' my tonsils out again, hahahaha.

No, I'm not from here at all. I'm having a flashback.

Dude, I don't give a crap about using recycled plastic!

Yeah, you know why? Because Jews can't play basketball!

It's okay. Everything is cool. Don't let anyone mess with your head, and it's all going to be fine. You're cool, Eric. You're cool. 

What are you talkin' about, "quit"? Huh! I don't remember that.

Haahahaha, we have the device now! The power belongs to us! 

This is terrible! I'm gonna die in the future without ever playing Nintendo Wii?!

Let's see. Oh, and I broke Mr. Anderson's fence and never told him about it.

Weh-hull, I could ask Artemus Clyde Frog. He would know.

I'll die waiting for the Wii to come out!! Don't you see this is my only chance!!

Yes, you're right, Kyle. I'm sure that that... is going to have earth-shattering consequences. Heheheheh. 

Yes. Yes, sir, any second—we're just waiting on one more member.

...What?! Who the hell would do that?! Jesus Christ! Grow up Kenny, would you?! Alright, boys, let's do it from the top. 1, 2, 3, 4!

Well, look. Those perverts aren't going to rest until they've made love to one of us. Right? So,... somebody's just gonna have to go out there and... take one for the team.  And I think, in all fairness, it should be Butters. 

And now Stan is so consumed by the shit you've been pushing that he can't even see through it! How could you sell out your friend?!

They aren't going to find out who did it. But they'll make up a scapegoat, send him to detention, and make us all believe it. It'll be 9/11 all over again.

That's Kyle the Jew again, talking about Call Of Duty to Stan.

All right, fine. But now listen up and listen good! I've never tried to get rid of this many hippies before, so I'm gonna need every resource this town has! And even if I don't succeed, and it's a million-to-one shot that I will, I still get the Tonka radio-controlled bulldozer and get to play with it in the school parking lot where Kyle has to watch me and get super-jealous because he doesn't have one! Are we clear?! 

Yes, our conscience got the best of us and, and we were just about to tell everyone the truth. 

No no, these guys were just leaving.  weren't you guys?

Well go ahead! Call the fuckin' cops then!

Where were you this morning at nine o'clock, Butters?!

Yeah. Come on in and join the party. 

All right, that does it! Cover me! I'm going slo-mo!  Wwwaaahhh!

And...
''O Holy Night, the stars are brightly shi-ning
It is the night of our dear Savior's b-b-b-birth
O Holy Night, the- something, something, dis-- aah.
It is the night with the Christmas trees and pie.
Jesus was born, and so I get presents.
Thank you, Jesus, for being born. (Wo-o-o-o-o)
Fall (Fall) 
On your knees (On your knees) 
And hear (Can't you hear)
The angels'.. something (Voices)
O night (O night)
Divine (Divine)
The night
When I get presents (O-o)
O night (O o-night) 
Di-viiine! 
O night (Ooo-ooo)
O night, di-vine! 
Oh. Ah. Ch.

Huh? Oh, it's... it's not really your concern, since uh-... well, my grandma's in the hospital. She's very sick. The doctors say unless I can come up with sixteen dollars for her operation, they're gonna put her down.

It's just a matter of time, my friends. This weekend is Christfest. The single largest gathering of Christians in the Midwest. Each one of them a walking, praying wallet full of cash. And I'll be there selling my album.

Oh. I don't know, Clyde Frog. I just am.

Wait a minute. This isn't a present, it's a shirt! 

Okay, here's your ticket  and they're gonna have a car waiting for you at the gate in New York. 

You're right. We'll need to look like we prepared a case, too, so that they look all the weaker. Good plan. Sooo, what's the issue again?

Oh, it feels so good on my skin! Mmmm.

I don't now what to do. Kids are starting to make fun of me because, I'm no good at sarcastaball. I suck at being nice and polite. I'm so good at sucking I should work at a Thai massage parlor.

Oh yeah?! Oh yeah?! Say that to my face, pussy!

Weh-well, uh, du-don't take it too hard, dude, uh. That's what grown-ups do.They lie. Lie right to your face.

...I swear on my mother's life, Butters. I am not going to stick anything icky in your mouth. 

I want to thank you for all the blessings you have brought me. You have shown me the way so many times in the past and... now you are making all my dreams come true. You give me strength when there is doubt, and I praise you for all you have done.  Only you, Mel Gibson, have had the wisdom and the courage to show the world the truth. From this day forward I will dedicate my life to making sure your film is seen by everyone. I will organize the masses so that we may do thy bidding. Hail Mel Gibson. Amen.

You see your honor, I was the only one that Kenny McCormick told his wishes to. And Kenny told me specifically that he would never want to be kept alive on a machine. What they're doing to him ...is not right.

You know, we just wanted to give back to the community and show everyone a good time.

You will? Wow, you guys are the best! Thank you guys!

Kyle, why are you being so grumpy? Are you on your period again?

Mom! Seriously! Let's go to the toy store, Mom. Now! Must go! Toy store!

Oh, God, do you have to embarrass me even in death, Grandma?!

WHAT?? Church's Fried Chicken tastes like cat shit!

Pooinshower. Madalen shine debaur. Huelar she mashartah me shur har.

Jesus is Lord. You can go one direction in life, or you just walk around the hallways without a hall pass. Or you can see the light, brah. 

Well let's just suck it up, guys. All we can try to do is have a positive attitude about it. 

Because when Kyle said he heard us say we made the video, we can say we were talking about THIS video. "Ohh, thank you Eric, that's pretty smart. I really owe you one."

Oh, look at you go, Kyle! Oho, you dirty girl! You LOVE those balls. 

Kenny? Kenny?  Kenny?  Wanna look at Playboy?  Wanna, wanna get high sniffin' paint? Kenny?

Dude, we're not gonna betray you. Come on! Did you see Prometheus? I don't think the writers even knew what that was about.

It's Christmas magic time, inside the sleigh, so high in the sky, eh with candy canes and chimney smiles, eh...

That is bullcrap Jimmy, and you know it! I had just as much to do with the fishsticks joke as you did!  Dude, it's Puff Daddy!

Hey you guys, this works pretty good right now.

They're saying Clyde left the toilet seat up again.

Noo. Don't you see what this all means? Anybody could do what he did. What's to stop someone else from going to say, City Wok, and cutting a deal with them? Say they'll eat nothing but their Chinese food, but then eat only a little tiny bit of it and exercise.

It was just... I just... Butters, you asshole!

No no.  Love is like taking a dump, Butters. Sometimes it works itself out, but sometimes, you've gotta give it a nice hard slimy push.

H'you guys! Come quick!  You won't believe it!

You just want me to open the door!

Well, Token's really shy, so, I'm just here, sort of on his behalf 'cause, you know.

Her name's Tammy Warner. She's the only girl in school whose family is actually poorer than Kenny's. It's really kind of beautiful if you ask me.

Well, let's see... Maybe 'cause he's an old, drunk hillbilly dick!

Yeah, we like the track, yup. We gotta graft them banks an' specs, it's like an oval, so we're gonna drive straight and then we're gonna be turnin' to the left.

Maybe you didn't hear me, Kyle: I said "shit" on television!

I am Department of Interior guy, and I have authoritah!  No! Jakov, don't go!

...Yeah, I've only seen that kid in class, but he never does anything. He's more like a prop. 

But I'm getting sued now. If I don't have the park, I lose everything!

Mr. Mackey, I don't think I'm over the teacher's tragic death yet. I need more time. It's just... it still hurts, you know? Can I go home?

What, that's not dumb. Think about it: food goes in the mouth, comes out the butt. Food goes in the butt, comes out the mouth. That's not dumb, that's genius.

No, no. It was kind of stupid, really.

Maybe so, but at least I was smart enough to wear a Kidney Blocker 2000!

Yeah, but you know, why do we need Loogie? We know how the trade works: why don't we do it ourselves and keep all the profit?

It's okay Mr. Mackey. I'm totally over it.

Uh, Kyle?  Come on, seriously?  You are really reaching right now.

Oh, no.  Damnit!  No, Kitty! That's a-- Wait a minute. Come 'ere, Kitty!  Uh. Yes. Uh...

Look, I know you're not the biggest Hildog fan, but she is in great danger right now!

U-huh, nice costume, Kenny. If you think you're gonna win with that, huh!

Not much. You know, just hangin' out. How've you been, man? Good?

I told you Jewish people don't have rhythm!

No, Kitty, you can't have these chicken tenders, because they are mine, and I keep mine to myself, oh?

Yeah. I never really realized that until just now.

Clyde, are you aware of what Turd Sandwich can bring to our school?

You don't have to say anything. I know how it is. I'm no longer the cool kid. Now you all think I'm a fahahahahahag.  My school life is over 'cause now all the guys don't think I'm coooohoohoohoohoohooooool. 

Yeah, if you offer free hats, m-maybe people will show up.

Seriously. Help.  Screw you guys. Hate you guys.

What happens if we win the State Championship game?

Cut the crap, Mouse! You only care about the election results because Romney would have been tougher on the Chinese!

I did. I'm the Rad Russian.  I come from Russian to crush your puny capitalist heads!

Please, Mr. Mackey, we'll be good. Don't send us to that ole kids' choir. Have mercy, Mr. Mackey.

And how could I become a ginger now?! I wasn't born like this!

That's kewl! Whatever Kyel! Must be nice having everything you want! 

Hey Kyle, can I talk to you for a second?

No, Butters. We are a very select elite fighting team sent to protect the world from evil, and you can't play with us.

We've learned that the four of us can't fight him alone. But, if we all log in together!, we might have a chance.

What? I just felt like playing a little violin, Kyle.

I, I don't know, I, have to do some calculations.  10 to the power of 1 base 9 divided by pi plus 5 minus 3. Oh Jesus.

I'm afraid not, Kyle! Wall-Mart is a great store! I could not let you fools ruin its terrific bargains! You see, I was working for Wall-Mart all along!

I don't wanna be in your crappy band, guys. I just wanted to let you know, the album for my Christian rock band,  Faith + 1, is about to go platinum.

Hehe. You stupid fools have no idea  that I'm actually working for the Wall-Mart to stop you from succeeding!

Aw, crap! I must've rigged the wrong light!

Go ahead, the door's right there.  Bye-bye, have fun, we will miss youuu.  How do I reach these keeds?

Okay, that's enough fatass jokes for this week.

Awww, look at them. Aren't they so cute together?

That's cool, we can hang out. What do you wanna do first?

Mom, I want this guy OUT of here! You got it? If he's not gone, in two minutes, I will call social services on you!

Uh it... doesn't matter, ma'am. Blaintology is for everyone. There are Blaintologists who are Catholics, Buddhists - why even Kyle here is a Goddamn Jew.

Butters, we're done talkin' about girls' balls right now! Pay attention! 

Butters, don't start playing the blame game here, okay?! You and Kenny are just as responsible! And the next time you wanna shove me, just remember, I'm covering your ass! 

Don't worry! I am the great wizard Motortart. I can shield us from the dragon's fire. 

Alright lads! Go home and write your farewell letters to your families! The land of pirates awaits! 

You just hit each other, smack each other around. 

I'm not pickin' it ma! God damn it, I have an itch! 

You are the true dreamers. Tomorrow you will prove it. We will begin by reviewing how to print out cheat sheets as labels for your bottled water.

You guys! You guys! I have the best idea ever! I'm gonna be rich!

I love you too, man. I just  You look so delicious! Must eat your brains! 

Do not open your eyes until morning.  Or else I will kick you in the nuts.  Square in the nuts.

Okaay, okay. It's not funny anymore.  Oh yes it is! 

No nooo no no no! He's not doing anything except explaining who my father is!

It was nice for Token; he laughed for like 20 minutes.

...Alright, so listen: All I want you to do is keep anybody out who tries to get in here. If you see anybody on my propertih, especially Stan and Kyle, you are to shoot on sight!

Get off of me, Christina Aguilera! Alright?! Please! Hegh, hegh

What day is American invasion again? I fohget. 

You know how my friend Stan, has... a dad?

Hey hey, how's it going, bros? This is CartmanBrah. CartmaaanBrah. And uhh, we are, it looks like we are at the bus stop now.  Yep, there's Kyle, Stan andn Kenny looking stupid as ever.

Thank you.  Our intelligence tells us that the original negative to Raiders of the Lost Ark is currently somewhere in George Lucas's house. We need to find and usurp that negative.

Uncle Stinky, can you drive us to the mall?

Did you guys know there's actually a disease called Assburgers? 

Screw Halloween, I already got my Christmas present! In a few days I'll wrap it back up, and then when I open it on Christmas, I'll act all, like, surprised, like "Oh Mother, Antonio Banderas life-sized blow-up doll! What a surprise!" 

All right you guys, I know what we have to do.  We've got to kill Sarah Jessica Parker.

Would you like some more tea, Polly Prissy Pants?

Heh, four dollars for a goat? We got ripped off.

Yes, with every passing second I become more powerful.

God-damned stupid hippie activist! I should be home nestled in the couch with my Mr. Kitty right now watching Fat Abbot cartoons and eat-  Yes! I knew it! I'm saved! 

Yyeessss! Yyeessss!  Awesome!  Ho ho!  Sweet!  Yes!  Folks, please keep your arms and legs inside the vehicle at all times, make sure your seat belts are fastened, and enjoy the Mine Shaft!  Yes!  Yes!  Oh, cool!  Oh, look how much fun I had!  Whoa! Heheheheh.  Ah! Heheh.  Whoa! Heh, heheh.  Woooo, Adventure Island! Check it out! Awesome!  Yoohoo! Yeh-hehess!  Yehess!  I'm so happy! I'm so happy..!

I will do the German dance for youIt's fun and gay and tra-la-la I hope my will enjoy my dance Fiddle-e-aye, fiddle-e-aye ay

Butters! Just what the fuck do you think you're doing?!

Oh, I guess you don't watch the news, Kyle!

Well, this sucks that I have to die, but if I die, everyone's sins will be forgiven.  So I guess it's cool. 

Are you telling me that I drove nine hours through butt-fucking nowhere to get a god-damned shirt?! Mom, Grandma's gone senile! It's time to stick her in a home!

No! Why don't you wanna to understand? We have to do this ourselves.

Eh, This is serious bullshit! There has to be a Happy Burger around here somewhere.  Excuse me, I am a lost little boy, could you help me?  Well, screw you too!  What the?! Who the hell let all these flies in here?! Hasn't anybody ever heard of insect repellent?! 

Ohhhhhhhh. When a chick says "We need to talk" you might as well just start punching yourself in the balls, dude.

We're seriously, High Elf. Something very evil lurks in this tape.

Butter-Butters! The key to our victory is following the Game of Thrones model exactly. I have to know what happens when the dragons show up so I know how to deal with Kenny.

Oh, I just don't know what I liked better: the historical buildings and archifacts or the, or the uhhhm.

Yes, let the anger come! Strike me down while you can! But it won't make your dried-up ovaries any more fertile! 

But you didn't say anything?! That's fucking spying, Kyle!

Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa! Did you hear that?!  "In some cases Vagisil can lead to short-term memory loss."  Oh my God, Butters...  we need Vagisil!

So then I can say, "What are you, a gay fish?"

Not now, Mom, I've only unloaded three feti; I've gotta sell the rest before they spoil.

Fuck your ice cream! You said I'd be fine! You all said I'd be FINE!

How long is that Chessy Poofs van gonna be outside?

Exactly right, Clyde. So what we need... is to find somebody to join our team, who totally sucks ass.

Now, zap his hella ass back to your- hella universe!

Oh, Jesus! Okay, fine! Helen Keller can have TWO pet turkeys! 

Okay, fine, dumbass, YOU go ahead and buy one copy for nine ninety-eight!

Goddamned Family Guy! Now they're just provoking people! It's like they want a holy war!

All right Jimmy, when she finally shuts her trap again, I want you to repeat whatever she said, and then follow it with "Wow, how insightful."

Billy Mays? Billy Mays?!  Dude, you didn't tell us Ike was seeing Billy Mays!

So I'm not too late! Come on, let's go!

That's right you will, God-Damnit.  Move it POVs, I'm an American!

You only have eight minutes before the battery protocol dies Butters. You have to hurry!

Whoa, what uh, are you serious?  Oh my God, that's KFC gravy!  You have KFC! Yes!  This is it? One lousy little cup of gravy?!

Whatever it is, it's getting closer.  Ow! What the hell was that for!

The Lord has spoken again-uh! O, forgive us, Lord, for our sins-uh!

Where's mine? Where's mine where's mine where's mine?

Yeah, when you die, your jowels release and crap comes flying out your ass. 

That's only 72 shopping days left for you!

Tell her, tell her that I love her.

Which is why we have to fake that boy's death. It's simple spy stuff, my friends. Take your top man, fake his death, then send him in disguised as the enemy.

...Riiight, exactly! We can't let this go on any longer! We should be PROUD of who we are! Think about all the great people in history who were ginger. People like...  Like uh...  Liiike...

Well, I mean it could have just been a dog?

YES! Yeheah, did you hear that Kenny?? We're good! I seriously thought we didn't stand a chance, but now... everything's gonna be okay!
Cause I'm not (I'm not) the poor kid at school!  
Let's hear it for Jacob Hallery, guys! 
His mom is so poor she cuts coupons out to be institutionalized!
Greeley Colorado's the place to be!
It's a whole new beginning for you and me!
Life can only get better 'cause I know one simple ruuule!
I'm not (he's not) the poor kid at school!

It's "Investigative Reports with Bill Kurtis" funtime game. You have to decide if you deny it or cover it up.

Will you tell me what they look like? The meteor shower. They mostly come every few years, mostly.

God damnit!  Shut up, Kitty!  Any problems, contact Eric's Mommy at 303... Aha!  I'm gonna call mom and tell her that the babysitter is having her boyfriend come over! Then we'll see who's the turd! 

Mr. Gates, I was hoping I could talk to you about the fight on Friday.

Excuse me, are you talking about... my own special executive bathroom?

I'm juh duh duh duhhh! Do you know why you're a hallway monitor?! Because you don't have any friends! You should kill yourself! You should kill yourself!!

Come on, kitties. Outside. Come on.  That's it. Come on, come on.  Uh oh.

Oh, man, I wish I knew how to spell.

Oh my God, somebody shoot me in the head!

Six hundred dollars, you guys! Come on, get your stuff together!  This is gonna be tits!

How much money did you micropay today, Stan?

Yeah, no, false alarm again. I'm in the store and some fat bitch asked me if my dad likes cologne.

Here you are, Mister McCormick. Your laundry is all done and folded. That will be nine ninety five.  On your American Express.

Egh, stop defending your little girlfriend for writing about some stupid fish.

No way! I'm never going back to your parents' house!

No! No, this is a joke, right!? This is a joke; I can't have AIDS!

Mom! You got the new Duffy's catalog! I-I'm gonna circle everything I want for Christmas, okay? Mom? Okay? O-kay , let's see.  I waant... thiis... aand... this...  and...  let's see, comes with so...  ...comes with two bars , so there we go, have that...  and, let's see...

That's right.  Guys with Cash For gold Signs gets you People's Unwanted Crappy Jewelry, which when added to a Cable-Based Shopping Network divided by Demented Old people equals Gold. 

Get a hold of yourself! I'm the one who died! And for some reason, my spirit is trapped here on Earth. I can't find the passage to Heaven.

U-hoh, dude, we could walk all over her. 

I swear to God, if he ruins this dream of mine I will have his nuts!

Okaaay.  I just want hot tea and codeine, no lemon.

Oh, that's quick thinking, Artemus Clyde Frog.  Listen very carefully, Mr. Kitty. I am putting this picture of the babysitter and her boyfriend on your collar.  You have to take this picture to Mommy, Kitty, so that she can come home and save me.  Now run, Kitty. Take this picture to Mommy, and lead her back here. When you return, be sure to bring Mom in through the back door. Hurry, Kitty! You're my only hope!  That's it! That's it, Mr. Kitty! 

Well, hello, it's all my little friends with all their little dreams. 

I don't even have an uncle Roy! That was just some guy's boat I knew about.

Nonono. I've seen this work before. Just give me a second.  Oh okay, okay. How about this: Say guys, 1776 was so long ago. I wonder what life would have been like back then?  Back then? Back then? Back then?  Um... Oh waitwait, I know, I know! Heheh, you know guys, I don't even care about 1776. It was so long ago, that I don't think it has anything to do with me.  With me. With... anything to do with me. With me.

Hey you guys. Can we order a pizza?

Well, because, unlike you guys, I just got my first pubes! Ayada da daa, yadadadadee! 

Well, you can see here that we raised approximately $95, falling well short of our $2 million goal illustrated here.

Turn on your heart light. Let it shine wherever you go. Let it make a happy glow-

You guys! You guys! Seriously! I'm a sorcerer! Zhyagah, zhyah, zhyagot that.

Thanks, B-butts. I really think I can hold my own against these guys. Little worried about that Jimmie Johnson guy though; he seems dumber than spit. And that Danica Patrick chick? Phew! We're gonna need to get even poorer and stupider, Butters. Both of us.

A lot of stupid things that we regret.

Yes, it's really the best Christian album that's ever been produced, actually..

For he is LordLord, Lord, LordRight here we have a little girl who is very, very ugly! Do you believe he is gonna cure your face of the uglies?!

This new song by Alanis Morissette. I can’t get it out of my head.Stinky britches, you got stinky britches

Oh no!  Pre-nup? Weak. When'd you get that power-up?

Dude! You missed it, Kyle! It was so awesome!

Digital malcontent now at parameter alpha. Prepare for full graphic interfaces on my mark: 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, Mark. 

For Show and Tell today I have brought...  ...my shocking Powerpoint report on the truth!..  behind the 9/11 attacks! 

Well, Mom, apparently Butters is gay, finds me very attractive, and, confused about his sexual identity, puked up all over my floor!

Butters, I need an ETA on the car, stat. 

Hope you have a good one. See you later. 

And we'll have a blast doing the new stuff. 

I can't! They're stapled to my head!  I hate you guys.

Don't you see? If I can get this pony to bite off Scott's wiener in front of Radiohead, then Scott would cry. And if Scott cries, then Radiohead will say Scott Tenorman is totally not cool! And that would make Scott Tenorman wanna die!!  Okay, I'll keep working on the pony, you guys go get Radiohead to play here! Ready? Break!! 

What are we doing out here, you guys? I wanna see if Jakov wins that game show.

Dude, the book you left with us when you were sleepwalking last night!

I'm ready!  Hey, I like this hair thing. This is cool. 

Ohhh, ahhhh... That's funny. You're gonna die, you lesbo.  Wendy, seriously though, I do want to apologize. I'm really sorry and I don't think we should fight.

Dude, Kyle. Can you hear me? They totally think I'm hotter than you are.  Kyle! Kyle, I'm more attractive.  Kyle?

And perhaps they would. But for now the sixth grader army was defeated.

What the hell are you guys doing?? Don't tell me you all quit playing World of Warcraft too?!

No Sally Struthers, that's my cake eh-ehhhh!  You guys, Sally Struthers is holding food from us!!! 

Come on! Come on! Dude, what is taking so long! I wanna play!

Why sure, they do this all the time in movies and TV shows. You go on the date and wear an earpiece, and I'll be nearby, secretly telling you all the right things to say.

But my friend Kyle, he says that the reason we've had all these plagues and stuff because you won't let all the Jews leave.

Dude! That is Craig's mom's bush right there! Wait, wait what's that?  Oh shit, dude! Bail! Bail! 

Sir Kyle, I wanted to talk to you about Stan.

There, you see?! Can you fucking believe it?!

I'm not going to Heck, Butters! I'm not black, all right?!

Yeah, it's bullcrap. I'll bet half these of these people are Koreans.

Whoa, you're telling us this book is filthy, inappropriate, and made a guy shoot the king of hippies? Can we please read this right now?!

Just pass them through these little drill holes here. That's what everybody does.

It's the easiest thing in the world! How could you guys have screwed this up?! All I asked you to do was to get Slash to play at half time for the match up between the crack babies at Cedars-Sinai NCU!

The North still won the Civil War! That means slavery is abolished!

I see the questions in your eyes.
I know what's weighing on your mind.
You can be sure I know, my heart.
Girl I'll stand beside you through the years
You'll only cry those happy tears
And though I make mistakes, I'll never break your heart
I swear by the moon and the stars in the sky
I'll be there
I swear (I swear) like a shadow that's by your side (Keep it down, girl)
I'll be there
For better or worse (better or worse), till death do us part (death do us part)
I'll love you with every black beat of my heart
And I swear. I swear. I s-we-e-e-ear Yeah, I swear. Straight up. What it do?

All right, hold on just a second here: Are you telling me that if you have this Tourette's Syndrome you can say whatever you want, all the time, and never get in trouble?

It's my mom's taser. I took it from her purse.  Just back off, man!

All right, guys, this is gonna be so easy. All we have to do to make Christian songs is take regular old songs and add Jesus stuff to them.  See? All we have to do is cross out words like "baby" and "Darling" and replace them with  Jesus. All right, Butters, give me a beat.  Okay, nice. Very nice. All right, Token, give me a smooth bass line.

Ey! I'm the one who's been standing out here with this gay guitar like a God-damned hippie all weekend! What have you two assholes done?!

Today this Jewish boy and all sinners are going to be saved-uh! Kyle, do you believe in God-uh?

Faith Hilling. Why don't you get the fuck out of here?

I know I know, check it out, look.  I got his whole wiener in my mouth, see? Heheh. Oh man, I got him good!

Just, could I talk to you, real quick?  What kind of stuff is the new girl saying about Token?

Oh, that's such a democratic thing to say, Kyle. What if I were to tell you that I have something in my room that could change the entire election? 

Oh, Kyle, you are so full of meecrob.

Behold! You all see my tiny minions groveling at my likeness! I am Eric Cartman, god.

How hard can it be, Clyde?! You walk up to Slash when he's playing at the mall and you offer him a deal!

Ah, so great that everything is finally back to normal. 

I told you, Bulrog has lots and lots of powers. Behold.  This way, I can move about the crowd of people undetected.  Here, hold this stuff for me.

Oh, you did it again! You all heard him!

Okay, here we go.  Since the days of Copernicus, man has dreamed of flight. On this historic day, let us go on to-

Hey, you guys, you wanna know what my favorite psalm is? "It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's separation.  This sort of penetration will increase the population of the younger generation." 

You don't know how many Smurfberries the life of each Smurf is worth.

Oh, here he comes, everyone! It's the cisginger! Think you can harass transgingers and use their bathroom?!

Gingers are the chosen people! The chosen race! And we must view the rest of the world as the lowlife, dark-skinned rats that they are! 

There's nothing left, you guys! The world is upside down. Things aren't gonna get better, they're gonna get worse.

That's exactly what you would do if you had had head lice, Stan. 

Now, believe it or not, Kyle, I actually need your help. But first you have to promise not to tell anyone.

Gentlemen, we are about to embark on the most amazing, life-affirming, financially windfalling experiences of our young lives.

Oh, dude! Super weak! I'm not wearing these; the guys would totally rip on me.

Ugh. Oh, I know.  We can use Wacky Water Weasel! 

So we let them take it from Muhammad, then we take it for ourselves.

I was thinking of using a high-speed shutter with a low depth of field. What do you think?

Avast!  These aren't pirates, they're just a bunch of black people.

Hunh.  Well, I guess nowadays, they allow any old schmucks into NAMBLA.

Dude, I couldn't take anymore of that balloon. Another couple hours of that, and I would've been totally pissed off.

Ah, splendid. Then to Fort Sumter we shall go.

Uh, hold on just a second! I believe we discussed the little matter of my payment?!  I'm not letting you guys screw me over again. Give me what I wanted, now!

What?! Who the hell did that to my mom at the Drunken Barn Dance?!

Wait, wait wait wait. This doesn't make sense. This whole thing doesn't make any sense. I must be-

Gentlemen, thank you for coming. This is the beginning of a great time in our lives.  God has finally spoken to me, you guys. And he has told me how I can make $10 million dollars.

Kenny, my mom says you can go get carpeting in the living room now.

I am not gonna be bossed around by a chick!  Maybe I'll just use my Wild Wild West techniques and get proof that Shelly had a boyfriend over.

Are we sure about this? We'll never know the future.

Yeah, it sucks. I have to know who my father is, I just have to. Maybe I can work in a sweatshop for a while uh...  Well, see you guys. I'm gonna go stay in my backyard for a while.

Are you sure, Fartboy? I've had a lot of strange food on this trip.

I hope I can adjust to life outside of the big house.

Yeap. No, this is the problem, Kyle.  You've gottam make your bathroom accessible for my mobility scooter or else I won't be able to take a shit in your house. 

Oh, Jesus! Uh, look, the haunted house ride broke down. I need you to fix it.

Everything's gonna be okay, you guys! Life isn't so crappy after all!

Well why don't you just tell the whole world everything, huh?! Why don't you tell everyone what Prometheus was about while you're at it?!

Mel! Gibson!  Oh mein Savior! Mein Führer! You're actually here! Mr. Gibson, I have assembled the masses! We are ready to do thy bidding!  Have I been a good boy, Mr. Gibson?!

Aw, it got Kyle and it's tearing his head off!  Aw you guys, it looks like Kyle is done for!

So, I realized, 'What if we got Radiohead to come here to South Park?' right? Then they could meet Scott Tenorman — and — see him get his wiener bitten off by a pony! 

Dude, are you from Mars or something? Any ride you want. No lines.

I remember frozen waffles with no side dishes.

I put a lot of Arby's horsey sauce on those.

They're taking over our country, Butters! This is life or death now! Help! Me!

That's it! Get in there you swarmy dogs!  Lower 'em down, Ike. 

Well, in the, in the months since our friend Kenny died, you've really stepped up as a friend and "filled the gap." 

Agh, excuse me, Doctor, but it just so happens my mom loves me, no matter what I look like!  Right, Mom?!  Mom?!

Holy shit balls! Holy shit balls! Guess what, you guys? Holy shit balls. 

But what about school, Doctor? The teachers and the principal, they won't understand that I can't control what I say.

That's fine! That's fine!! Fuck you, Kyle, and fuck you, Stan!  Fuck you, Tweek!  Bebe, you're still cool. 

HA! If you need money, you can get a JOB, Stan! No freeloaders are gonna take my hard-earned cash!

Ech! You see, guys? This is why Jews can't be ninjas! They've got no spine!

This window locks from the inside, right? And this door has a lock on it too? Don't worry Polly Prissypants, you're gonna be safe here. In this day and age, black people are just impervious to being fucked with, so we will be alright.

Looks like the game is over, old man! 

Ogh, alright, alright! I'll let two more people in each day so I can hire a maintenance person.

Looks like somebody's on the rag, huh Mom?

No, Kitty, this is my pot pie, Kitty!

You can't be the dwarf character, Butters, I'm the dwarf.

Jesus Christ. How did I get myself into this?  God? Please uh, I know I screwed up. I should have never pretended to have Tourette's Syndrome, but see, ah I get it now. You can't just walk around saying whatever you want. You gave us a filter because, people don't wanna hear things like "I touched penises with my cousin!"  Ahaab, ahaabuh. And, and I learned, you especially can't say whatever you want on national television, 'cause, there could be kids watching. Please, God, don't make me embarrass myself on national television. You... must see how this is all somewhat your fault, right? Please, I need a miracle.

Look, look how his face gets all red! He's like a little strawberry!

Oh-my-god!  You guys! I think I'm having a genius moment. Yes. Yes! Its coming to me now.

He's cisginger! He's so cis he wears a jockstrap to bed at night!

Wha-? Uh oo  why do you want then back so much?

Oh, dude, I gotta win those. How much to play?

They can't do that! This is the only KFC in all of South Park!

What? That your parents lied to you, too?

Mel Gibson was right, Kyle. Right now the Jew in you is screaming "NO! Those cost money! Get your money back!" You know this to be true.  Go ahead. Prove Mel Gibson wrong, Kyle.  Do it. 

Well, so then, if the stem cells are placed nest to s Shakey's Pizza, they would become another Shakey's Pizza! And you'd have your own Shakey's Pizza where you didn't have to charge yourself to eat!

Funny how voting works in this country, isn't it, Kyle.  Each one of these, a person. Someone who actually took the time to get themselves informed. Actually got up and drove to a voting area to make sure their voice was heard. 

I said "Shut up, Cartman, you blood-belching vagina!"  Did I just call myself a blood-belching vagina?

Ey! Why the hell did you have me say that?!

Wow, that's pretty hardcore. Geez. That's like this one time, when I didn't like a kid, so I ground his parents up into chili and fed it to him.

I was thinking of maybe Faith Hilling at the place they do AA meeting.

Will you guys trust me? I know this stuff!

Heh, c'mon! C'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon! C'mon c'mon! C'mon c'mon c'mon!

You're too late, Kyle! The president of the network is pulling the episode! Family Guy is as good as dead!

I don't care if Obama IS President! You don't go around putting little boys on blast, telling the whole world the length of their DICKS!

They fucking tricked us, that's what they did! Tricked us into reading a book by, enticing us with promises of vulgarity! 

Yes, my mommy told me this is where I could find some sea men?

I ate a bunch of chicken skin and it blew out my insides.

Hey, dudes. Check out my sweet Dawson's Creek Trapper Keeper Ultra Keeper Futura 2000.  Yeah, well,  it's got ten different compartments for every subject in school, an electronic pencil sharpener, four plastic bags with electronic zippers, copy machine, fax, a better picture of Dawson's Creek on the back than Kyle's,  flat-screen TV, and of course, OnStar.

You're damn right you can! Two Roller Pops, please!

Yes.  A chocolate friend.  Mr. Candy Bar doesn't judge you, Chad. Mr. Candy Bar likes you just the way you are.  Look at how yummy and sweet he is.  ...There you go. That'll just be four dollars.  ...There you go.

Awww, I don't think Kyle likes you, Ms. Lopez.

Ma'am, I need to clear out your giggling stoners and your drum-circle hippies RIGHT NOW, or soon they're gonna attract something much worse!

Haaha! I saw you get the picture back from Mr. Kitty, and that's why I wrote a letter to the press! To be opened in the case of my demise! Should anything happen to me, that letter will go out, and you will never find it!

Uhnothing, nuhothing! So you'll come for sure then, Scott?

Fine, Sir Kyle. Perhaps you're right.  Did you know that Stan's dad is working a temp job as mall security?

They don't salute in Game of Thrones, Butters.

Kyle, I want you to brace yourself. This is going to be extremely hard to believe, but you are the one that has been in a coma with a VR headset on.

City of Venice
Right by Matt's house
You can chill if you're homeless.

This sucks. I don't wanna keep havin' to come up with ideas for shows all the time. It hurts my head. 

Mmm. And why do you know that, Kyle?

Hey, wait til you see my Halloween costume tomorrow. It kicks ass.

We don't stand for anything. Remember our company plan, guys!  Start up, cash in, sell out, bro down.

Look.  But I don't think it's for usin', I think it's just for lookin' through. 

Oh, so that's where all my underpants go.

No way! Those sons of bitches! I'm going home.

Sure, maybe Mr. Jefferson's a little different. But that's because he had to work all the time when he was young and missed out on his childhood. What's wrong with wanting to have the innocence and beauty of a child.

Ogh! Noo, noo, you guys, guys, what what we said was-

Stan forgot to mention that his dog is a gay homosexual.

A Baptist priest with a huge boner walks into a bar...

Wow, look, you guys! We're riding in Santa's sleigh!

Four friends, just one rose. The moment of truth is here. Kyle? Who does the rose go to? 

Heh you're not going to find him. Not until after Saturday when I go to Casa Bonita. 

What is going on here? Mom, what have you done? Were things so bad for you financially you had to turn to a life of crime?! My mom is so poor she uses Cheerios for earrings. Well... guess I'm off to a foster home then.  Hawaii is my first choice. Something not exactly on the beach but maybe just a short walk away?  Gonna take me years to recover from being torn from my mother's arms. Only the ocean breezes and coconut trees can help me now.

And we're just gonna let him stand around here?! He's one of them. He could even be a spy!

Could you please use it in a sentence?

And, I mean, Smackdown might be our one shot at making it into the WWE, right? I mean a shot like this might never come again.

So, how can Mr. Hankey be here, and in another mall at the same time?

Yeah, we just have to keep him wet.

Yeah, if some girl tried to kick my ass, I'd be like, "hey, why don't you stop dressin' me up like a mailman, annnd making me dance for you while you go and smoke crack in your bedroom and have sex with some guy I don't even know, on my dad's bed!" 

But Mmmom, the blueprint says we need carpeting in the clubhouse!

We have word from the kindergartners. They've agreed to join us! 

Yep, it's done. You know I spent five bucks on that stupid thing?!

Think about it, guys. If somebody kills Sarah Jessica Parker, then they'll assume that somebody did it because of what was in the book. Then the book will get banned.

Dude, that sucks, Clyde. A mom shouldn't be able to put rules on toilet-time like that. Toilet-time is the last bastion of American freedom.

Boy you like my body. Set the mood, let's play!
You can touch me anywhere except for my vajayjay.

Get it, you piece of crap, before I grab your nutsack and twist it!

Hey, I don't have to take that kind of crap from you scrawny weaklings!  Eh, eh. Sweet. Check me out, I'm such a beefcake I can't even get through the door. Eh.

Really?  Hey, there's a frozen guy down there.

So then, the guy hits the ping-pong ball with his dick, and it goes right in the other guy's mouth. 

I know, right?  "Who is the Coon?" It's what everyone must be asking themselves. Somebody is dressing up at night and taking the law into their own hands. As for me, I certainly don't agree with the Coon's reckless ways. If you ask me, there's no room in this world for vigilantes. I believe the Coon is a menace.

Terrible?? Whatever! You guys' brains just can't compute complex plans like mine can! It'll work, you'll see. 

Come on! The cameras are ready!  Alright, there we go. Let's roll cameras.  Oh, and here's your microphone. 

"Vagisil, Vagisil Maximum Strength, Vagisil Wash, Vagisil Medicated Wipes."

Talangar the Black returns from watching the video. 

That does it!  I do not need to sit here and be ridiculed! I'm gonna go be home-schooled from now on!

I guarantee you Kenny had something to do with Sony offering a Brack Friday Bunduru!  Just keep them in training, Sir Kyle. Two can play at Kenny's backstabbing game. 

Who cares? Kenny's dead!  When do I take possession of my PSP, sir?

I've been... doing a lot of thinking... about what you said at Wall-Mart.  You're right Kyle. I'm fat.  All these years you tell me and me saying "No, I'm big-boned" or "no, that's just muscle"... It was always just me living in denial. I'm fucking fat, Kyle. I'm fucking fat as fucking fuck.

Would you agree that the school is in a crisis right now?

I'd love to eat a cake, you guys, but they don't let us take anything back to the cells from here

Yeah, but I get to wear it first, I said.

Let's go crazier than that! I mean, you have to act like it's freakin' Leonardo DiCaprio!

Just send a maintenance guy to my room. I want this Nintendo hooked up to my float screen NOW! 

Oh! Oh, I'm a I'm a racist, huh?! I'm a racist! It's how nature works, Kyle! Look! Look, what about Luke Covina and Maria Sanchez?  Is it a coincidence that they ended up together?!

Christ. Alright, I guess it's just you and me, Timmy!

Well, like my friend Kyle. He's Jewish, so he doesn't have any rhythm.

Oh my God! I'm a black African American!

Well, I understand the people who did it weren't caughts, so-o... Looks like nobody will ever know the geniuses who masterminded that perfect crime. 

I'm not lying. Go ahead and ask Customer Service.

Now look: I thnk the reason my soul is still here is because I need closure with all my friends and loved one. I can say my final goodbyes to them through you.

We know a way inside the Red Robin.  You don't think you're the only ones that thought of it. We were going to use the Red Robin entrance too, and we figured out how.

I have never been a dick to you.

Because one copy is nine ninety-eight! But this way you save like twenty bucks!

You should come down to his house. His dad just killed his mom.

Then I'm gonna press the gas pedal and I'm gonna go forward.  NASCAR! Yee-ah!

Well he was being a total dick! And he's a big tattle-tale and going around and talking crap about me!

He's trying a simple diversion tactic, thinks we're stupid.  Haha! You're gonna have to do better than that, Mexican!

Mr. Kitty, shhh!  Damn it!  Shhh, Mr. Kitty you have to be quiet, or else they're gonna find you.  What?!  It's the neighbor cat. He hasn't been caught yet.  No- no, Mr. Kitty. I know you like Rufus, but he has to fend for himself.  I can't hide anymore cats, Mr. Kitty.  I'm in trouble enough as it is.  All right, all right, fine. 

I'm almost done, you smartasses! I'm just wipin' mah- whoa, what the hell is that?  You guys, look what I found in the trashcan in Stan's bathroom. It's like a bloody cotton thing wrapped in toilet paper.

No Mom, you don't understand! I've been waiting for this thing to come out for months. And now, every day time is slowing down. It's like... waiting for Christmas... times a thousand.

All the rest of us have to buy our clothes at J mart! Have you even been inside a J mart, Token?!  I didn't think so! 

I've outgrown all my friends. I need to meet more mature people, Clyde Frog.  Oh, great idea, Clyde Frog!  I can meet new friends on the Internet!  Here's a chat room: "Men Who Like Young Boys"  That's perfect.  Hi everybody! I am a young boy seeking an older male for good times. I am eight years old and would li-  Wow! Look at all these guys who wanna be my friend! I'll pick... Tony316.  Hi Tony.  "So what are you into?"  Oh, you know, the usual stuff. Smiley-face.  "Kewl. Wanna get together?  Smiley-face?"  Sure, Tony! That would be... kewl. Winking, smiley, face.  "Meet me at Mel's Buffet restaurant tomorrow morning."  Sounds good. See you then! Clown hat, curly hair, smiley-face.  You see that, Clyde Frog? Tomorrow I'm gonna meet my first mature friend!

He's not crazy, he's an idiot. I know how to deal with these people. 

Yeah, we could get a book banned way more than this one.

Damn, you guys, seriously, I'm hungry. I have to eat.  Ah, sweet! The Red Cross!  I'll have fried chicken and a side of mashed potatoes please.

Wow, this is gonna be great! A whole new word!

Here we are at the old gas station. It survived a lot of the impact. We might be safe here.  Oh my God!

It's a deal! All right, guys, let's get to work!  Yeah, it's so totally awesome. Craig crapped his pants when he saw it. Yeah, sweet. So what's goin' on over there? Yeah, that's pretty cool.  No way! He did not! Aw dude, that is so weak.  What?

Come on buddy.  Get out of here!  Godammit Kyle, you never walked away from anything in your life! Now fight!  Fight! Fight! Right now!  Fu-hight! Fu-hu-hight!  Fight!  Give him some air.  There, easy. Breathe easy. 

No! No! The bread is all flat! No!

Dude, haven't you ever been there?! It's a big Mexican restaurant where they have, like, cliff jumpers and Black Bart's Cave and  all kinds of stuff!

Hey, I know! Let's go play laser tag at FunPlex.

Dah, give me that!  Talk to me Mike.

What? What do you mean I know that?

Well Butters, I hope you like the work. I'm sure your parents will be plenty pissed off.

You're sterile, is that it?  No, that's too convenient of an excuse. The truth is, nobody ever wanted to have babies with you. Isn't that it?  Always the mom's maid and never the mom? Must be hard on you, knowing that the years are ticking away, your friends all getting married and all the while your uterus is slowly shriveling away, drying up, becoming totally worthless.

Kenny McCormick, you are charged with bringing head cooties into our school, and lying about it to cover your ass! How do you plead?!

Yeah, but it makes going to the bathroom easier. 

Have you been a good boy, Kyle? Have you been making Grandma proud?

No way! You gave it to us-it's mine now!

Really? Three hundred million domestic box-office, Kyle. The top-grossing film of all time, Kyle. Those numbers don't lie. If you're not scared of The Passion then go see it. Go see it and tell me I'm wrong. Mel Gibson, Kyle. Mel Gibson.

P'h. Nice costume, you guys. You spent about a buck fifty on those?

Don't be a fool, Craig. Do you really think the girls are just gonna hand that technology over?

That's cool. I'm done making my video anyways. 

People are gonna want Butters' head on a platter!

Uh- chair. C H A R E  God damnit, how come I get the hard ones?!  Get over here, you son of a bitch Fonics Monkey!

Yeah, these guys are only motivated by money, Ted.

How do I reach these keeds?  All right, let's go get you an abortion.

Agh! That does it!! I am not waiting three weeks!!

Do you think I'm stupid?! I know that all Jews carry fake bags of gold around their necks to keep the real bags of gold around their necks safe! Hand over the real Jew gold, Kyle!!  No! Noooooo! 

Oh yeah?! I will bet you ten bucks that if I start a Christian rock band that I can get a platinum album before you guys do!

All right, see you there!  Remember, bar of soap and a sock! Kenny's gonna get it!

I can't live like this. I, I have to find a place where they remove living souls from your body.

Dude, do you wanna the Terranace & Phillip trailer with messed-up colors? I don't. How's that? 

Oh... Hello, Kyle. Oh man.  Wait, this isn't my house.

Oh, please, God, don't let him call on me. Father in heaven, I beg of you-

You guys, seriously! somebody get me down from here!

Alright guys, alright! If there is a new girl at our school, we're not gonna start putting claims on her and getting into big fights! It's gonna be her choice who she likes the most.

Oh yeah, keep doing that. That's working good.

Oh, kick ass! Dude, why isn't my house like this?!

Dude, you know what? Japanese people really do not like whales.  Uh oh.

I don't Craig, I don't know. But now he's over there telling everybody that you're a poop-eater and he chooses you.

Oh, well, well, well. Look what the cat threw up in the litter box. Come on, guys. We don't wanna be seen hanging around him.

Did you guys see that? That was sweet.

I know dude. The bathroom is the last bastion of American freedom.

Goddammit Butters! Alright just... just keep a lookout, I'll try it here.  Look that way, make sure the cashier doesn't see me.  Is anybody coming?

Because I thought it was a jelly doughnut, but look, check it out, it's all bloody.

We're uh gonna need some more patties pretty soon.

Man, you guys are hella stupid! If I had money, I wouldn't give it to you assholes!

I can't do jack! I went to my first student council meeting; all we did was talk about what colors to make the stupid Sadie Hawkins dance! Student council's retarded! 

Well, perhaps I could see my way to giving up a kidney. For a price.

What the hell is "Hooked On Monkey Fonics?"

Alright, we'll have to play for it. How about... if your name is Butters, you have to go. Okay, so what's your name? 

So he got HIV like fifty years ago, and he's still totally fine! Magic Johnson has some kind of resistance to the virus, Kyle. I've been researching it since I got infected. If we can track him down and isolate his genetic prototype, we have a chance of beating this thing, buddy.  You and me, Kyle. We can overcome our illness; I swear it to you!

You've already been here awhile, Kenny, so you have to introduce me to your friends, okay? And make sure they know I'm kewl. You've gotta have my back, Kenny! 

Well, good job Einstein, why don't we just build a rocket in the meantime?  Hey!

That does it! I am suing you for sexual harassment!

So now I can dump them into this little pool and swim in them all day long!  Yeessss. Kyle's monneey. 

Isn't this great, you guys? Gettin' away from it all, leaving all our cares behind?

Alright, listen. I'm gonna get a job at the NSA, and then I'm gonna put all their secrets up on Twitter.

No, no, Kenny, go ahead. I deserve it. I thought I could just waltz onto a racetrack and do what these people do. But I owe you an apology. The truth is I'm just too smart. And with how smart I am I'll always be successful and therefore have money. I just have to accept I'm too smart and rich for NASCAR. Time for me to give it up. Alright Butters, give me back my money.

You ready?  Tonight, on Cop Drama, on TV, they're gonna say,  "Shit."

Is it? Two years ago they closed the Country Kitchen Buffet in Steamboat Springs. And all the old people died of starvation in less than a week.

Mmmath homework, Mmmath homework. Where did I file that?

Oh, thank you, Jesus.  So we're friends now?

Guess you think today is your big day, huh Kyle? To embarrass me in front of everyone?  Well guess what? I'm not giving you the satisfaction!

Yeah, whatever. The little prick thinks he's Daenerys Targaryen. I need to know how to deal with him.  How do they deal with the Queen of Dragons in Game of Thrones?

Who's we? You got a turd in your pocket? Hahahaha.

Oh, thank you God! Oh, praise his name! 

We're going back in time to third grade! Goodbye, teacher! Perhaps we shall see you in another year! Hahaaa! 

Why Kyle?! So you can try and ruin things for Token and Nichole?! Look at how happy they are!  Is it that you want to ruin that or are you just homophobic?!

Kyle, will you relax, you pink eye? We have plenty of money.  Come on, you guys! It'll be sweet!

You guys were putting out fliers, I had to put some out too.

Yeah, especially that second one from the left. She was fine!

You know, when somebody is sleeping and you put your finger up your butt and then, wipe it on their upper lip to give them a little Hitler mustache? You've never Hitlered anyone?

Hey! I had a poofy pie in that desk! 

No, come back! You face everlasting damnation!  Wait! No! No!  I can't be cheated out of my ten million dollars again! God damnit!

Well, look at him. He's all, you know, uh l-look at him. 

Do I look like a minority to you, stupid?! Now look guys, I did some calculations: just last year, there were almost ninety percent normal people to minorities. That's fifty percent rise in one, year!

Dude, I'm not paying all this money to have some guy on the other side of the Earth try and protect me!

It is my life choice, Chef, and if you don't tolerate it I'll report you to the SEC. 

Oh, fat bitch, huh?!  Well it just so happens that this fat bitch has INsecurity now, Kyle, and so I'm protected from ALL you greedy little Jews until you and your people DIE OUT!

That's fine! I'd like playing with myself! I'll play with myself all day long!  What?

All that work... All the effort I put in... I still wasn't poor and stupid enough to win.

Maybe we'll have to send him to concentration camp. AWGH! Damnit, damnit, damnit!

Yeah, and I'm not gonna take my friends for granted ever again.

It's sad how jealous you are, Kyle. It really is.

Ey you guys! You guys! Come 'ere, you guys, come check this out!

Everything looks good, Butters. You're doing great. Let's get to work.

Two donuts and a pack of licorice.  Well, Tony, the usual?  Why are you crying, Chad?

You guys are in big trouble! Now get me down from here!

Hello, Mr. Broflovski, Ike. Nice evening, isn't it? Well Kyle, shall we go up to your room for a few minutes.

Yeah, yeah, it should be a real blast, heh. I just hope Jewpacabra doesn't show up, that's all.

They're coming this way! I can hear them coming. They'll find you down here for sure. And when they do, they'll eat you alive.

No! No, he has to suck my balls!  NO! KYYYYLE! 

You say, "No, Timmy, you can't have that turkey! Bad Timmy!"

Hello? Soldier boy. Me so horny. Me love you long time.

You forced me to do this! You couldn't just love me as a son.  You just had to humiliate and degrade me with your rules. I won't let you dominate my life anymore!  Goodbye, Mother. 

This is all your fault, Kyle! You screwed up the second act!

Hallelujah! Praise the Lord! And now, I'm receiving a message directly from God-uh! God is telling me that... each and every one of you is to walk up to the stage, and give me one dollar!  So I want everyone to feel the love of God by coming up heah,  and putting a dollar in the box-ah!  Come on, don't be shy! Come on now! 

Because the Chinese hate Americans! That's why I've started: the American Liberation Front. A group dedicated to freeing American from Chinese tyranny.  Will you join me?

Dude, you don't just go up to a girl and ask her if you can stick your penis in her vagina. Ye-you have to ask her on a date, take her out for some Italian food.

Doodoo doot doo, dadadadada daa, ya da dadaa
Doodoo doot doo, dadada daa,
heydy heydy heydy,
how's it goin', guys?

Come on in, Craig. Have a seat. Welcome.

All right, then we just need a black person who can sacrifice himself in case something goes wrong.  Lessee, anyone would do, anyone who meets the qualifications, let's see...  Oh, I know. How about- 

Trap you? No, no, Kyle, it's actually... lights!  Ha-ha! It's a trap, Kyle! Get him to the meat locker! 

I'm not a miner, dumbass! Do you see a shovel in my hand?!

They drag you out of here, put you in this big containment facility, where they stick a cold metal pipe up your ass with this clear jelly, and then they shock your balls. 

Now. As you can see, Kenny, you are to get me Yellow Mega Man. That's because Yellow Mega Man is the cheapest one, and I know how poor your family is. 

Hey, Chad, eh... You know what you need? You need a friend.

It's a good life, Kyle. We've come here every night for Denny's Baconalia specials.

We're coming now to the crater where the meteor hit. A hole in the Earth over two miles in diameter.

And, you know, we've been trying to fill the gap for the fourth friend ever since Kenny died, God rest his soul, and it hasn't been an easy process.

Truth of the matter is that there has never really been a team like us before. I mean let's be perfectly honest: a lot of people wouldn't work with someone who's disabled. But I see past that. I look beyond Jimmy's disabilities and find ...a bond which can unite us in comedy. Working with crippled people is really ...important. 

Oh! Well how about I do everything?! How does that sound?! I'll just do everything while you guys sit here and play video games?!  Fine! I'll do it by myself!

Oh yeah! I saw it on the news, Kyle! The school is gonna make us all get shots again!  But this time it's so that we don't get warts in our vaginas!

It'll work, Butters. If there's one thing we've learned, it's that drones can't resist Craig's mom. 

What the hell is wrong with you, Butters?

Could you turn up the heat just a little?

No. But we can sneak into town and shut down their food supply.  Here.

Me and my crew are gonna go on piratin' forever! 

Whoa, look at Bebe!  I had no idea Bebe was that hot.

No, but I'm not finished yet. I took the sandwich that the priest was eating, took the piece of ham out of it, put it between my butt cheeks, and then put the sandwich back and watched him eat it. 

What's terrible, Kyle?! We fill a little ball with crack, we let the crack babies fight over it, and we put it up on the Internet! Who cares?!

Attention mall shoppers: the next twenty people to buy an orange smoothie will also receive a complimentary Nissan Sentra. Hurry up. 

I can't hear you! Lalalalalala!  I'm sorry, boys. But if you want to hurt the Wall-Mart, you'll have to go through me! 

Mmmm! Tastes like chicken. The ass of a chicken!

And we'll double your money in one afternoon, Craig.

Dude, you found another girl's phone number on my cell phone??

What the hell is wrong with you?! Stop it, Kitty!

Well, I guess the chopping is about to commence.

No! No, see, this is the fundamental flaw with the check check-plus check-minus system! The only reason Token was able to do all that is because his family is rich!

However long Craig wants it to last.  T'heh, ub. Look, make no mistake. Craig has been ready for this fight since day one. He doesn't even view it as a challenge.

Dürfen wir der Kind dort..  ...geboten?  Voilà, er ist Jud. Eh? Ein schöner safter Jud. Er ist friiisch. Und wunderhübsch, wunderhüüübsch. 

Sure. 
Here's a little dreidel that's small and made of clay.
But I'm not gonna play with it, 'cause dreidel's freakin' gay.

Mm, 'kay, Mm.  N-oh, ew, okay, now it's... 

Ah, Mr. Hansen? I'm afraid I can't do the show.

Oh, really? Gosh. Where could I have put Pip's invitation?? Let's see, Pip's invitation, Pip's invitation... Oh! I remember!  I shoved it up my ass!  Yeess, that's right. I wrote it out, put it in an envelope, sealed it, and then shoved it right up my ass, forever ruining any chance you had of coming to my birthday party! Sorry, Pip ol' chap!  Here's yours, Wendy... and here's yours, Clyde...

Awesome! Do you have a turkey that can do tricks?

I have a YouTube blog where I comment on video games. Big whoop.

I do! I do care! Look how much.  Look. Look how much I care. 

Yeah, if some sissy chick tried to kick my ass, I'd be all like, "Hey, listen, missy, eh, yewhy don't you go knit me sweater before I slap you in the face!"

Three hundred bucks! Did you hear what I said, you guys?! My awesome teaching skill is gonna earn me three. Hundred. Bucks.

I won't do it! He used to be my friend!

Jesus loves me this I know
'Cause Republicans tell me so
Little ones God will protect
'Cause letting kids be harmed is child neglect
Everything still clear out there?

Dude. I can't believe they exploit handicapped people like this. I mean, making them compete against each other just for our amusement.

And as we march for The Passion we should also voice our support! So, when I say "Es ist Zeit für Säuberung," you all chant back "Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten."

So... whatcha doin' for lunch? Eh, my mom packed me the best stuff. She even baked cupcakes. 

He's just this old crazy guy who gets pissed off because I'm in his garden all the time.

Well nice job, Marvin! I hope you got about a thousand dollars to pay for my house!

Ey! You think this is funny, you sonofabitch?

I can't lose weight, Butters, 'cause I'm not fat. I'm big-boned. You can't slim down bones, stupid!

Because, Kenny, your family's poor. You have to be the worker.

Mayor, something very big is happening, and if you all don't give me a moment of your time, there may be no more South Park to council over!

Here you go, Kyle... And here's yours, Stan...

No. That's why I'm here. I think you should still give Heidi an A on the project. You see, I broke the egg, not her. And so, I should get an F, and she should get an A, which means that together the grade should average out to C minus for both of us.

But now my mom has given us so much money that she's bankrupt, and we're poor, like Kenny.  Don't touch me, Kenny. 

Okay, our mission failed, but we've learned a lot. Primarily that girls do not have balls.

Wait a minute! I don't have to be your slave.

I'm going to kill you one day, Token.

Let's just see who gets the ball this time, Jewboy!  Kyle, knock it off! 

Day one. It has happened. The Mayans were right. The only thing they got wrong was the date. It is 2009, and I appear to be the last of my species alive. Now it's just me, all alone, with minorities. What will the minorities do with me? I'm sure that's what on all of their minds. I have to make myself seem useful to them or they will surely not let me live.  Does anyone need medical help? I am a doctor. 

Oh, he got sucked through that portal thing and they're gonna nuke it now.  So are you all set for your big photo shoot, Kyle?

Well I don't know. That's your job, Stan! Do I have to think of everything here?!

Whoa, dude, look over there!  Wow! Costa Rican prostitutes! Hey, look at the prostitutes, you guys!

We want you to give our parents herpes.

LALALA-I can't hear you! Only the President! LALALALALALA!

Haha, Teacher, we're traveling back in time to third grade!-God-damnit you guys, you seriously said this time you'd snap into it with me.

That's why we just need to log in and stay in the forest, killing boars.

Sweet. Oh, yeah, sweet. That's super sweet. Ah-yes!

Shit! Butthole!  Hey Wendy. DUMB BITCH! Uh, sorry.  Titties! Cock!  Ginger retard! Asslicker dickface!

City of Santa Monica
Lots of rich people
giving change to the homeless

Yes, but you can live if you give me your Jew gold! The decision is yours, Kyle!

It was you all along. You were with my mother the night of the Drunken Barn Dance!

Nu-no, she doesn't. She told me she doesn't wanna fight. She's just stuck, Stan. Because she knows I'm gonna kick her ass, but she feels like if she doesn't fight me all the kids are gonna call her a chicken.

Just hear those sleigh bells jingle-in', ring ting tingle-in' too Outside it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you, and you, and you.

You don't owe me anything. My hallways are cleeean. 

Oh yeah, you get those sometimes. We'll just click to the next person. There we go. Hello?

Is a meme I will fight
'Cause I'm Faith Hilling 'til the day that I die.

So nice to see othaa Chinese peopull heeh. As you can see, we are Chinese peopull ourselves.

The tape is returned to which it came. Its power over you shall fade as well.

Naive American, Stan, and the bear is very important to my people. 

And girl, you know that you're the only girl for me, girl
Girl, you're the girl of my fantasy
You're my girl, you're my girl

Alright y'all, keep your eyes peeled and your guns ready.  There's a heap of Mexicans out there who want nothin' more than to sneak past our border, and we've gotta stop them!

Now, I want you to take a look at some of these poop swatches. 

I'll never be able to prove that son of a bitch was here!  My Speak and Record bear. Of course.

...Hard-hitting reporting, Stan. Thanks a lot. And now, here with the celebrity watch is Butters Stotch. Butters, seen any celebrities?

Well, I guess now that that's out of the way, we can get on with our lives. Come here, boy!  That's it. Red rocket, red rocket. Come on, now. Come on, red rocket, dog. Red rocket now.

There's a pretty brave kid fighting for his life in the hospital right now, doctor. I'm gonna get him some bigger boxing gloves.

Who would have thought such a miracle could be?Who could have known that this moment I would see?A new way of living, a chance to be free?

Well first it's not extreme enough and then it's too extreme; where do you want it?

Well, guys, it seems that I am the first one of us to reach manhood after all.

Huh, I can't. I'm too tired.  Maybe tomorrow.

Huh, I think God has plenty of money.

Nyanyanyanyanyaaanyaaa! You-hoo-hoo-hoo loh-ost! Hahahahahaaahaaa!  Kyle, I'm totally ripping on you at a totally inappropriate time.

There. We just put the sea people back in the tank with the others, and nobody will ever know.  The blood is washed neatly from our hands. 

I'm just letting you know how special you are to me.

It doesn't matter, Butters! You never shoot a guy in the dick. Everyone knows that! Shooting a guy in the dick? That's just, that's just weak. I can't believe you, Butters.

Just reach in there and get the seamen out of her stomach!  Oh, God! You guys are such pussies!  Hemmm...

Jesus tap dancing Christ! Get with the program, Kyle!

Are you still trying to give a semen sample?

...Jeez, this looks a lot higher from up here.

Wow, that makes sense. Don't think anyone can deny that. 

Eh-everybody bought the whole act! They keep giving and giving until we have it all!

Kyle, you're bein' an asshole! Now let's do this thing and get out of m'yeah.  Here's what I think of your art class, you God-damned bitch! 

Vote for Turd Sandwich. This is the most important election of our lives.  Turd Sandwich brings us hope for change. A vote for Turd Sandwich is a Vote for tomorrow!

Ey, that's what I've been saying all along, you guys.

That asshole eye doctor screwed up my laser surgery; I have to wear these bandages for three days!

Aw, Jesus, why don't you just cut off my balls?

Oh yeah! Oh yeah, baby! Who the man? Who the man?

"Nothin'" Me neither. Nothin's goin' on. Sucks.  Everything good with you?

I want her suspended, and I want charges brought up for sexual harassment!

Freeze myself. If I freeze myself, then in three weeks, when Nintendo Wii comes out, you guys can unfreeze me. The wait will seem instantaneous to me.

Interesting, and why is it called Passover again? 

How can we be sure? How do we know Butters isn't with Biggie right now? Being tormented by him?

I don't care! Is there a Nintendo Wii!

Aw man, did you see the look on Craig's face?! That was awesome!

Sweet. Nice work, Butters. Now go be my spotter so we can win this thing! 

A twelve-pack of Dr. Pepper, A Shoots & Ladders game used only three times, DVD of Harry Potter 2, and a coupon for a free side of fries with a purchase of any deluxe hamburger at Red Robin.  All this can be yours. 

And so the party returns home after completing their great quest.

Every time I go to my Grandma's house, she gives me a present. You watch: as soon as I walk in the door she'll hand me a biiig present, for no reason, except that I'm cool.

Well ma'am, I have some exciting news.  We would like your child to play for the Crack Baby Athletic Association. 

I can't wait to see the look on everyone's faces when I show up to school with a PSP! I wonder if Kyle will cry? Oh PLEASE let Kyle cry!  What the hell?!

I've got unfinished business. You go through life being told there's justice, then you learn that the only real justice...  is the justice you take.  Make no mistake, Kyle. Before this is over, you will suck my balls. 

I understand this is where Captain Hindsight lives?

Wow, that's cool. I can help you get ready. 

Yeah, because the government won't respect my privacy.

Sea people... coming in the mail tomorrow...  Yesss... Yeesss...

Yeah. Yeah, of course. Let me get my coat. 

Yi- you're serious here. There really is no tooth fairy?

Yes she is! I've been hearing her all day! Listen! Listen.  Eric? Eric, where are you? I miss you very much.

Witty anecdotes, yes, that's been ab- that's been awesome.

Yeah, well, you're gonna have to wait a little bit longer, Billy, 'cause that 600 bucks is mine!

Yeah dude. I told you this would happen. Now look, I got a lawyer to draw up some patent papers. We've got to sign these so that people know that the joke belongs to you and me!

True, but we can't let Kyle come in the way of what's rightfully ours.  Let's face it, Lady McCormick, this is really about you and me getting XBox Ones. The others are simply there to... help us get inside those doors.

Let's punch this baby.  We're coming up on the outer perimeter of the hippies. Hang on.  Reaching hippie crowd. Hull status?

Aha, charade you are! Looks like you're the turd now!

Yes, well, until then, I need about ten million dollars.

Oh, God-damnit! How am I gonna keep Butters down in that bomb shelter for a whole week?!

Abortion isn't wrong! What's the one thing I've been teaching you?

Please, you guys, I don't know what to do!

Oh-hoh man! A twenty-dollar gift certificate at the mall! I can buy whatever I want! Cultural Diversity Day kicks ass!

Mom, I am serious! This has gone on long enough! Get that guy out of here and give me a piece of chicken!  That's how you want it, bitch?! Fine!  I hate you! I'm running away!

Thank you! Number twenty-four?  You're wrestling for the right to marry Mackenzie Phillips, but just learned that she had sex with her father uh, go!

Mr. Loaf, we are selling candy bars for our dying friend.

I am Scuzzlebutt, Lord of the Mountains. Behold my Patrick Duffy leg.

Uh, my cousin. My cousin one time my cousin and I touched wieners.  Wah! 

It's gonna be okay. I think we're all safe now.

Who the hell decided the fight had to be on Saturday, huh?! This whole thing is a plot against me, isn't it?!

We are told to believe that the fire from the jet fuel melted the steel framing of the towers,  which led to their collapse. But did you know jet fuel doesn't burn at a high enough temperature to melt steel?  We were told the Pentagon was hit by a hijacked plane as well,  but now look at this photo of the Pentagon. The hole is not nearly big enough. And if a plane hit it, where is the rest of the plane?

No, Kyle's right, you guys. We should do something.

Alright lads, guess we'll have to settle with this meager ship. Two of you sit aft and two of you sit in the front.

Our platinum album ceremony. I spared no expense.

Everyone we know says they heard about it from you!

I was just thinkin' that... m-m-maybe we could... eat lunch together. I've always kind of...  liked you.

How do you get people addicted to crack? You give it away for free. You give away a little taste and then... and then some people... can't stop themselves.

But... we can keep the Halo the Turtle dolls, right?

I was getting to that, if you will let me.  Some people have red hair, but not light skin and freckles. These people are called "daywalkers." 

Alright, go home, you little semen-puking asshole dickhead!  Ow!

No! Think about the people who could get hurt!

Get on the flight! Let's move! Let's go go go go!  Oh my God! 

Well we're supposed to shoot your commercial today, you fat piece of crap!

Look! There's an old refrigerator!  Get inside, Butters! I'll break off the handle so nobody can get to you!

Yeah! That's the Pirates of the Caribbean. Ugh.

No, really. There are states full of swingers. Bunch of perverts if you ask me.

Hör zu, diese ganze Dinge ist ein Fehler. 

Now, that's what I call a sticky situation. 

It's not hard, it's just a stupid little paper hat. People just need free stuff - don't you guys know anything?!

Only one thing can save our kingdom. You must bring me: a piece of pecan pie with toffee ice cream and magic shell. Hurry now!

Theh- They can't do that! I'm student body president!

Black or white, it's alright. Black or white, let's not fight.
I was not the bullet. I was not the gun.
I was not the jury, so don't blame me, son!
James my man was wrong (It's not our fault). James my man was wrong (It's not Eric's fault).
Black or white, it's alright. Black or white, let's not fight.
White people say Ho-oh!

Waitwait wait wait, wait Kyle!  Here's a nice little Jewish kid. Hey, hi there.

I was um, sure that the appointment was today.

Dude, I think it's totally working. The girls are totally buying it. 

We've gotta get you out of here! Come on! Oh oh no wait, I forgot! The toxic radiation! Hey wait! We can use this box!  There we go. This should keep you protected from the toxins.

You're doing great. Almost done with this level Butters. Just make sure you clear the driveway and uh walkway of all the virtual snow.

...Oh, thank God! Well then, thank you Lord.

How about a taco, that craps ice cream?  Guys?

In the ghetto
On a cold and gray Chicago morn 
Another little baby child is born
In the ghetto... In the ghetto

Well do you mind tellin' us what you're doing on an ancient Incan wall, Craig?

Butters, guess what? I have a surprise for you.

I'm gonna miss him.  I'm gonna miss Chef and I...and I don't know how to tell him! 

So? I'm hotter than Kyle.  I'm better looking than Kyyyle!  Yes! I'm hotter than Kyyyle! I'm hotter than Kyyyle!

Oh yeah, it's nice. Yeah, that works pretty well. 

Yeah, you shouldn't force your period, Stan. You should let it come, like the morning dew.

Well my hot spicy boner, of course, Dad.

Oh, hey, Scott. How's it goin'? I was just wondering, do you like the band, uh, Radiohead at all?

Jesus Kyle, you are really being crampy today.

Twelve contains the numbers one and two, just like the toilet yesterday where somebody went number two instead of number one! And one and two with 911 and you get 914! Drop the 4 and it's 91! Exactly the score Kyle got on his spelling test twelve days after 9/11! Who has the most to gain from 9/11?! Kyle! Who was nowhere to be found the morning the towers fell?! Kyle! Who dropped the deuce in the urinal?! Kyle! But probably the most damning of all is the evidence seen in this photo of Tower 2!  When I zoomed in I saw what first appeared to be a blur,  but when I computer-enhanced it,  You almost got away with it, you sneaky butthole.

I think what I'm gonna do is uh, find out wherever their bikes are and uh, crap on their seats.

Noh, he always pukes when he's in love.

Mmmm, noooo, Because I don't want to. Aaaand we can't just change the name of our company 'cause it's like super hard. But hey, from one Redskin to another, go fuck yourself. 

Yes, that was it. I was suh-so upset.  I couldn't concentrate the rest of the day. And the way his eyes kept looking at me, slowly going up and down my body, like he was undressing me with his eyes. 

I'm gonna make it. I'm gonna make it to the deep end.  I did it! I did it! I made it to the deep end! Hooray for me!

Check out this sweet move.  Kyle, you can't block like that.

Well, that doesn't matter, because I have an idea that is totally tits.

Your name is Blanket... Right. Well Blanket, I'm Howdy Doody, and these are my friends, Timsy, Winky, and Nod. Unfortunately, we have to be off to the Land of Booger Trees, so we'll be leaving now. 

Yeah?  Well I sneaked around my mom's closet too, and saw what I'm getting.  The Ultravibe Pleasure 2000.

I love Cheesy Poofs, you love Cheesy Poofs
If we didn't eat Cheesy Poofs, we'd be lame.
I'm talkin' Night-Court-in-it's-fifth-season lame-aaaahh!

God damn it Butters, what did I say about shooting guys in the dick?!

Oh wow, where are we now, brahs?  This looks pretty stupid.

A package? Oh, really? Well, I think I can sign for that!

No! If we want our play to be better than the kindergartners' play, we have to rehearse as much as possible! Now let's continue the scene!

When you're trying to have intercourse with a lady friend, and some other guy comes up and tickles your balls from behind.

I am keepin' the beat; your flute-playing sucks!

Not a big deal!? Is that how everyone feels!? People need to understand the seriousness of this illness, and the bravery of the people who struggle with it!

Well, I saved you all the chicken part. 

Stan can't come?! But he's fucking Captain America!

Look, I am telling you that you are making a huuuge mistake! Eric Cartman is the NSA's worst nightmare!

It all came to me days ago, when we were first in Sunday school.

Alright, just what the hell do you think you are doing?

That's why my mom got me a pot-bellied pig.  Cause its poop is small.

Casa Bonita! Come on, you guys!  Oh, awesome!!  Come on, you guys! Black Bart's Cave!  Wow, cliff divers!  More sopapillas, please! 

All right! You have to be in me and Kenny's club, then. My mom gave me this "Women Who Run With The Wolves" book and I'm finding out all about our goddess powers.

You wanna take it out for a spin?

But we certainly wanna thank you for coming by.  You know the way out, right? 

And I like nothin' better than makin' fun of Jews.
And ripping on black people, though some people think it's rude, but you gotta- 

It didn't work, Mom! I infiltrated the NSA, and I was a whistleblower and I thought everyone would be super-pissed off at what exposed about the government, but nobody cared! Nobody cares if the government is listening in on everything! Nobody cares if Santa Claus is hooked up to a big horrible machiiiine!

I'm sorry, but I know my rights. You can't search my room without a warrant. And I'm afraid I can't give you permission.

Guys! Guys, get outside! It's the Bat-Mobile! Bat-Mobile, you guys! 

Guys? Guys!  Oh it's true! You all did survive!

But I wanna sing the Cheesy Poofs song on the commercial!

Dude, here come the cops! We've gotta lie to them. Hit X to lie.

Don't stop believing. Hold on to that feeling.

That's an excellent point, Muscleman Marc. Please continue.

This is... bullcrap! If I'm thin- I'm gonna be so... pissed off!  Goddammit! 

Oh, God! I'm so bored! Somebody help me! 

Alright, listen to me! We must take a strict vow of silence!

That just so you know, the government is watching everything you do! Always watching! They say it's to keep us safe! But what price is safety, Kyle? 

Don't worry, they're not gonna find us 'til we're safely back inside.  Look, see that traffic signal down there?  If we can climb across that, we can jump to the tree branch, and then we're home free.

Oogh! Ugh! You guys, seriously! Something's wrong in my tummy! 

Really tough, you know. It's... really hard. It's like , we've dedicated all this time and all our lives to saving these majestic creatures.

Sí, gracias. ¿Y tú?  ¡Carlos! ¡Carlos, no! We want a textured effect on the nut-n-corn crunch poop. That's why we  spackle with the sponge.  See? Spackle gently. Lo marrado. Gently, see? Marrado.

Oh, I didn't think you were coming, Stan.

Interesting.  Ooo, Stan's asthma inhaler. I want that. 

We can't let Kyle out in public like this, you guys.

The big whoop isn't that you have one, the big whoop is that you're still wearing it!

Yeah I just fucked your head and the UPS guy just fucked my mom! 

Oh thank you Mrs. Valmer.  Now let's see... The setup could be... "Do you like fishsticks?"

Hold on, I'm checking for robot guards.  Wewewewewewe...

Hey, maybe we can get him to Kyle's mom!

Well then I inadvertently won the game, didn't I?

...because I was so happy when I seen that movie.

Why the hell do I have to share my room with other patients?! This is bullcrap!

So God makes it rain frogs? That just seems kind of mean to frogs, Kyle.

That's right! This is bullcrap! We True Gingers are furious that the role of Annie is being minimalized!

Clyde Donovan said that he saw on the news there's gonna be a massive stuffing shortage! Get your coat on, Mom! We've gotta go to the store! 

...Yeah welll, you're not gonna be around a lot longer.

No way Jesus was son of God, huh, Butters?

It's the right address-wait! Look there!  There's Mrs. Streible! This is the place. 

You know what this is? This is the mace that they use on bears, faggot! Now let me see your hall pass!

I don't trust you. I want to talk to Mr. Hat.

Like six hours, dude. And my friends were all like "Dude, Cartman, we need you to keep playing defense!"

There is only one answer! As kids we must abandon this town of sin and start anew!

No! I was looking in this magazine, and I found an ad for little ocean creatures that you can buy and raise in your room!

Attention, shoppers. Outside, we have... cripple fight. Cripple fight outside! 

Remember, Mr. Jefferson? You said we were best friends. 

I'm afraid that... Kyle and I got into a little disagreement yesterday. Yeah, yeah it's... pretty nasty. And um, I was totally wrong and you were right, Kyle. I thought only humans could be gingers. Is Davin here? Davin Miller?  Oh yeah, there you are. I own an apology to you too, Davin. When Kyle said that humans weren't the only species that can have light skin and freckles I totally laughed in his face. But it turns out Kyle was right: there are other animals that can be ginger as well I didn't believe it. I guess I didn't want to believe it, but this morning I saw a red-haired light-skinned cow and I owe you, Kyle, and you, Davin, my sincerest apology.

Uh...  He-hey Kyle! Knock knock.  Knock knock, Kyle!

Do we like fishsticks? What does she think we are? Gay fish?  Uh oh, look out, Jimmy, it's a black widow! 

Wow, this is like finding trashcan gold, you guiys!

Nice going Kenny, she was about to give us candy.

He told everyone in class today his favorite band was Blink 182.

So then, could stem cells be used on someone whose muscle tissue is wasting away? In other words, if a little boy was dying from a muscular disease, the stem cells could become new muscle tissue.

Nobody likes Jimmy Buffett except for frat boys and alcoholic chicks from the South!

The swimsuit competition really gave us a fresh look at some of the candidates. 

Uh excuse me, excuse me everyone I, I guess you might have noticed my awkward tics. Asshole! Pussy asshole!  Ach, augh, I just want you to know that I can't control it.

Hey maybe we'd better do a towel call.  Gebaayybeh!  Gebaayybeh!

Family Guy is written by manatees?  Of course, it all makes sense now.

We heard about you through the Passages Sobriety Clinic? They said you've skipped out on your rehab once again?

You guys can't scare me! I know you're making it all up.

It's fine, Kyle. Everything's been taken care of. Stan won't be telling anybody anything... ever again.

Yeah! Go Stan! Go Stan!  All right, I've got five bucks on the other kid. Who wants in?

I'm up to 94, thank you very much.

Ee-yes, by doing that,  and, putting a dollar in the box-uh!

Well, why the hell don't they get jobs?!  Ey! Why don't you people quit slacking off, and get a job! What's wrong with you?! Go to college!

Go to MySpace.  See if there's a MySpace page for a Baahir Hakeem.

Oooh, Two little hippies sit'n' in a tree...

We're gonna make it, Kenny! We're gonna make it to Mexico!  Oh, God dammit! 

Have a seat, amigo. Good to have you baaack.  All right. Now, when Bill Beelichick got caught with his camera, he did not panic. He simply said what every good white cheater says when caught: "I mis-interpreted the rules." It's what you must also say when caught cheating! "I mis-interpreted the rules." Say it with me.

Science-damnit!  Wait. K-10, can you access the store's sales records?

Welcome to Cartman's Incredible Podcast!  Hello fellow Facebookers, I'm here to do one thing: get you more friends!  Looking around Facebook today we see that since adding loser Kip Drordy as a friend, Kyle Broflovski's stock is plummeting! He had 55 friends just two days ago, he's down to just 11 this morning. Run to your Facebook account and delete Kyle from your friend list because he is poison and I don't see him making a comeback any time soon.  You're gonna want to dump Kyle and if at all possible add Clyde Donovan. Why?  Birthday! That's right, Clyde has a birthday coming up and his mom is taking everyone to Casa Bonita.  If you don't have Clyde as a friend, you're gonna want to add him, because Clyde's numbers are about to go way up! And now, Word On The Street.  The rumors are now becoming more than that; Jimmy and Bebe have agreed to share their friends. That's right. Looks like we're about to have a merger  So if you're a friend of Jimmy's you're about to luck into about 90 chick friends, and as we all know, chick friends are worth almost triple what dude friends are. That's all the time I have for today. Remember, update that profile, and steer clear of Kyle.

All right, whoever is thinkin' of betraying Kyle, that is not cool!  That's freaking lame, dude! Kyle is trying to get the economy goin' again! If somebody is thinking of stabbing him in the back, you're b-you're being a dick!  Go ahead, Kyle.

Concerned?! Thanks to you and your stupid app, parents are still watching murder porn, and now they're screwing up Minecraft too! 

I told on yoo-ou. I told on yoo-ou.

Oh yeah?! We're all ultra super stamp it stamp it no erasies mega gay!

What's the big deal, Kyle? You just look in the mirror, and say the name three times.

Oh would you- Would you guys like to see it?

I'm just a little boy from the past who wants to play Nintendo Wii.

Stan's dog's a homo. Stan's dog's a homo. 

Oh, Stan, Butters, I didn't know it was you guys.

It doesn't matter who we are, what matters is our plan. You should have respected my authoritay. 

You can't hit me! Didn't you see those nanny videos on TV? 

You were sleepwalking again and dressed Sarah Jessica Parker up in a moose suit. You left her in the forest and she got shot by a hunter.

Look at these dense trees and brush. Oh yeah, this is exactly the kind of forest Jewpacabra likes to hide in.

Well.  Ol' Kyle's gonna be locked up for a while, so get used to it.

Tell me where the gold is or you die!  Slow! 

I think I have a plan, though we'll have to do it tonight.  We'll start by sneaking into town, cleverly disguised as black people.  At 5:45 Kenny and Kyle split off and set a diversion on the east end of town.  Meanwhile, Stan and I sneak into the Mayor's office  and steal some of the explosives the old people have stashed. Nine o'clock: we rendezvous at the Country Kitchen Buffet, where we strap the explosives and the timer to Kyle's chest. We say our tearful goodbyes to Kyle, and then we send him inside. 

Kenny, whose idea was it to go ziplining? Mine, or Kyle's?

Goddammit!  Craig, dude, I ran away from home. You're the first person I came to. I knew you'd take me in off the streets.

I-I know what you're thinking Kyle. But I really do believe in Judaism now. I'm not lying.

That's for your stupid mother! She made me miss Terrance & Phillip last night!

Uh—Would you stop going on about your little brother? I know it was just a dream, I know I didn't have an anal probe, and I know that I'm not under alien control! 
I love to singa
About the moona and June-a and the springa
I love to singa
About a sky of blue-a or a tea for two-a...

Aw, man, this is gonna suck donkey balls.

See what I mean? You can't even walk around a Wall-Mart anymore without getting run over by some fat dick on a Rascal.

Kyle, we need to try to find a-

Nobody likes hanging out with people who complain all the time.

We are getting XBox Ones, guys! And that is final!

Thanks.  So, what I'm thinking is, "Do you like fishsticks in your mouth?" 

Ohh, rainbows. Yeah, I like those, those are cool.

Yeah, they've been poppin' up all over the neighborhood lately. Ms. Nelson next door had seven hippies in her basement; they usually live in colonies.  Hm, I don't like the sound of that. Could I take a look in your attic?

Oh yes I did! I'm becoming a man!

No. U-unless you want me to. You want me to have self-respect, then I will.

Dude, check it out! Time Cop on DVD. Three copies for eighteen bucks!

Look, if you guys want me back to win the sledding race,  then I need those cigarettes.

Oh no! Nononononono! Sorry, Wendy, this tryouts for a boy band! 

Kenny! You're gonna let a girl put her mouth on your wiener? Do you know how disgusting that is? Girls' mouths are full of germs!

Nobody's fuckin' screaming, Craig! Wake the fuck up! 

This grudge that you're holding against an entire group of people should be directed at just a few, not at me.

I can't believe I got a stupid shirt!  The holidays are bullcrap!

What the hell is wrong with you?! That is not cool, Butters! That is not cool!  You don't fucking do that! You don't shoot a guy in the dick!

Which means, if it weren't for tobacco, many of our black friends wouldn't be here today.

Yeah, and if you don't, you're a big dumbass European hippie piece of crap. 

All right. Gotta be strong.  There's still a lot more treasure to go. 

Don't make me do it, Kyle! I can make your head explode with a single thought!

You're-you're a worm. That's that's cool, that's cool.

Stop trying to bogart my Xbox, you fat bitch!

I seek audience with the traitor, Lady McCormick?

You know, that stuff you get as an appetizer at Thai food restaurants. Meecrob, dude, is way grosser than "shit", dude. I'd scarf down a whole wet bucket full of shit before I ate another plate of meecrob. 

Yeah yeah rah work it Michael work it!

Remember the time when Fonzie jumped over the buses with his motorcycle?

No, Token! Leave Brad Pitt alone! Brad Pitt is fighting zombies! No ah Token, Token!

My moms barely bought me any presents so far.

Nononono! You nyah, me nyah!  Screw you guys, I'ma going home.

Yeah? Well, that ain't nothin' but a thang. 

I AM SO SICK OF THIS FUCKING SCHOOOOOL!  This stupid school and its stupid principal have gone to far this time!!

Maybe this'll teach you to listen to authoritah. 

Oh, it's Benjamin Franklin. It's Benjamin Franklin. It's Benjamin Franklin.

You're just gonna have to deal with that.

Nono! You don't ask me questions! You are a rabbit! I am a human. So if you don't bring me what I want for Easter, I can fucking kill you!

Drrrrrrey drrrrrrrey.  Hey guys, what's going on? Drrrrr.

No way, dude. Kenny's family's poor; they live in the ghetto.

Buh, hah, right, if they're so damn smart, how come they get caught in those fishing nets all the time?

Butters, you seem to be somewhat obsessed with wieners.

Making money off of people's handicaps! Well Token, I would like you to meet my lawyer!  As soon as he gets in here he will be handing you a cease and desist order! That show is not going to air!

Look further down the page. Does he list his favorite band?

CartmaaanBrah! CartmanBrah! Be sure to subscribe to my channel, brahs.

You bet your fat clown ass it is!

Friends, I have to tell you that last night I received a phone call from beyond the grave-eh.  It was our departed friend, Kenny! Calling from the depths of hell! And he described what hell is like in horrid detail-uh.  He said that in hell, the smell is awful. He said that in hell, everyone speaks Spanish.

Hokay, but if you want my help you have to give it just a little kiss.  Kiss it.

Juden est verboten, a den ascriber utz, kapieda hockuh. Juden est verboten, God dammit!

Oh I get it.  This is some kind of big trick on me! You've known I was the one with head lice all along, huh?!

Woowww. Only three more hours, sea people.  Only three hours and you can take me away from this crappy goddamned planet full of hippies. 

Alright you guys, let's bring it in.  I think we've done a really great job and let's just keep the energy up, you know, have a good flow, and have fun out there, okay?

Mon, know it off! I'm not gonna stand for th-

Hehey, you're right! Oho, this is great! Ben Assfleck! 

Pretty much went through everybody. Craig's got the mo-  sh, sh sh sh sh. Here he comes, here he comes.  Heya, Craig, your uh... your family get you that jacket at Walmart or Kmart? 

Sixteen dollars and twelve cents! He is a disease. He is a cold calculating mind, and I will have revenge!

You will literally be giving us money for doing absolutely nothing. It is the biggest "fuck you" we have ever come up with. But we didn't stop there, because a new company direction also means, of course, a new and improved logo. 

Yeah, and never with Kenny, because his family is too poor.

Today is another day! And that's another dollar the Lord needs from you-uh! So come on up and give to the Lord-uh! 

I can't dude. Timmy has a boner for it.

Hot fudge, whipped cream, what else belongs on a sundae, Kyle?  What else goes on a sundae besides hot fudge,whipped cream, and ...oh, that's right!  My balls!

But it's not true. Kyle, I'm being serious. I really think I have to tell the truth! I I don't know how I can live with this. I don't think I can unless eh, unless I don't know mm-maybe you c-called your mom a fat skank?  Maybe if you'd said that to your mom and... told her that her tits belonged in a morgue, then, maybe somehow I could live with this lie.

'Cause we have ten bucks riding on it.

I guess we gotta go back to school. 

Yeah, I've been working this beat for about three days now. You definitely have to have pretty thick skin or else these people, they just walk all over you.  Sometimes you have to go undercover to get the worst of them. 

...and here's some old toys that I don't need anymore.  And here! Here's some Christmas cookies!  And some holly and mistletoe!  Oh, this'll the happiest Christmas the Middle East has ever seen! Guys, get those lights down from the door. We'll give them to the needy Iraqis, too.

Faggot I need you to keep surveillance North to North East. Check back in five.

Dude, this is sooo cool! We only have six days to go before all the money pledged to our company becomes liquid!

Because I have to stay here and work! I still have to shingle the roof, test the foundation, run all kinds of inspections. I've got way too much to do, and all you have to do is to go find chicks! Now, stop your bitchin'!  Mom, can I watch American Gladiators?

What kind of side dishes will we be enjoying this evening with our frozen waffles?  Am I to understand there will be no side dishes?

Yes, come with us. Come with uusss. Haaa, it's Christina Aguilera again!  She's on my back! Hah! 

Hey Wendy, seriously, you need to stop with this whole jealousy thing!

Look, that's not important right now! Did you guys bring the cigarettes?

I'm sure this is exactly how Kurt Cobain would want to be remembered.

Nope, I'm not wrong. He must be somehow attacking remotely from his house. Did you find the address?

Just give it a little kiss and I'll help.

I guess the only thing that doesn't change in life... is that things change.  The sun hurts my eyes. 

Cool, thanks. Let's get to work! Now let's see... something that's a play on words, I don't know... fishsticks. You know, 'cause it, 'cause dicks

Damnit! Her boyfriend's here! Don't you believe me?!

Dear Mr. Hansen, 
I have Tourettes and I want the world to understand what it's like. Won't you do a special report on me so that the world can learn to ACCEPT us instead of just laugh? Donkey Boner!!! 
Eric Cartman

Yes.  And instead you had to break through yourself. This is really the beginning of a whole new chapter of your life, Kyle.  Good luck. 

Yeah. See you later, heh. Ho,  huhuh, he, haha.

Butters, wouldn't you like to have some time away from AWESOM-O? We could meet up later, perhaps?

I'm gonna send a message to my people and tell 'em to develop a great machine that will shrink me down to their size, so I can live amongst them forever.

No! No, Kyle, you said that it's never for the best. Remember that? And you're right. You're right, Kyle!

Where the hell is everybody?! I'm gonna be on TV tonight. You guys better not miss it!

Here you go.  I drew some pictures with crayons so it looks like you were here all day. And I ate a little food so it looks like you ate, and I fed your cat.

That asshole is not getting across my border! 

Whoa, check it out, guys, the parachute level.

I didn't say that YES I DID BUT WHY? Oh! Stop it! 

Ah, Mr. Garrison, I don't think that's quite fair, uh I mean, you rarely let us get up and leave during the class.

Hey Kenny, are you gonna eat your pudding?  No Eric, go ahead and take my pudding, if you'd like.  Why thank you Kenny. How nice of you.

Look, brah, I had to bring you in, but I don't have any hard feelin's against you all right?

Hey, it isn't my fault that Iraqis are filled with hate!

You see, unfortunately I have matured faster than all my friends. I wanna hang out with older friends, but I can't find any, so I was wondering if you could genetically engineer some older friends for me.

Scanning for Mexicans.  Oh!  We've got a Mexican! 

People thought Atlantis was a myth, Kyle, but I was just there. I've explored the depths of Atlantis, and now I'm about to prove a new species exists. I'm a little James Cameron.

Let me try, let me try. We are from America. A-me-ri-ca.  We are lost and verry hungry. Necesito burri-tos. 

Wait, I thought Mr. Hankey only came at Christmastime.

You've got a constant flow of athletes that never dries up, Kyle. And best of all, it's all charity, so it's tax free. 

Oh well, must be a clerical mistake, but they are expecting me.

You guys!!! Hey you guys!!! Oh my God!! Oh my God, you guys!!

Well, now that doesn't really have any logical sense, Mommy, because I'm already being punished by not getting the iPad. Mama. Please, can we just go back and get the Toshiba Handibook?

Well, we would tour, but we just hate that Scott Tenorman kid so much that we don't want to.  Yeah. Scott Tenorman is totally not cool! He's not cool!

Tax evasion is a very serious offense, sir! I suggest that you...

Stan, if you're finished having your tearful goodbye with the goat, we'd like to go now, please?

I told you guys. The holiday season is nothing but lies and bullcrap!

Stay by the window! Tell me if anything changes!  I need something that can shoot with complete accuracy from a distance.

Yeah! You got your brother back, but I didn't get any presents!  And what did I tell you, Kyle?!  I told you that if we didn't make it back in time for Christmas I was gonna whup your ass, didn't I?! 

This is bea-utiful. Thine church is almost completed.

The fifty eight dollars and thirty two cents I gave you! I want it back!

I'm gonna become a NASCAR driver, Butters. I'm goin' for the gold!

Well, that's not all. I snuck something in for you, too.

Ye-ah, screw those guys. I don't even like them.

All right, get that rope ready to hoist me up. 

Wha'evah! Wha'evah!  Maury, my mom can't control me, I'm tough! Go on, aks hurh!

Oh right. Someone like me can be a NASCAR driver.  Look at me!  Do you really think someone like this can ever become an awesome, famous NASCAR driver? 

Well, you know, you'll just be sitting there, minding your own business, and they'll come, marching in and crawl up your leg and start biting the inside of your ass, and you'll be all like, "Hey, get out of my ass you stupid rainbows!" 

Except! You can't afford buying all the new underwear?

Wait wait! Wait, look at the lady judge.  She's eating Chipotle.

Look, kid, if you hate a TV show, all you have to do is get an episode pulled. Pretty soon the show is compromised and it goes off the air.

Look at it. Look at it, mother. See how the light reflects the spearmint green from its surface.

Excuse me. Excuse me! Hey assholes!  You guys know that everyone thinks you're total fags, right.

I want to thank everyone for showing up today. I've called this meeting because, I don't know about you, but for one am sick and tired of being discriminated against! Just because we have red hair, light skin and freckles, we're thought of as somehow less important, and it's bullcrap!

There, see?! How do you like them apples!  HA!

Come on, Craig! Time to kick his ass! 

That's what they're called, dude. Get with the times. 

It's just Kenny. Like we're not gonna tell Kenny we have a fucking drone! Come on, Butters! Alright, come on, guys. I think I have this thing figured out.  Dude, no way! This thing is so epic! 

Heh, did you hear that guys? Kenny said it's just a fever blister.  You sound like a chick, Kenny. That's herpes, dude. You got that shit till you die.

Haha! Stupid assholes! I got your time phone! 

Dude, you can't make me wear a seatbelt to take a dump.

Yes, but whose idea was it to take the answers out of Garrison's desk?

Oh, heard that through the grapevine, did you?

No, Kyle, you were right. I see now that little lies can cause huge problems.

Oho yes! I did it I did it!

My friends: as you all know, some giant butthole keeps logging onto Warcraft and killing all our characters.

Why?!  Why?! Why did you have to take them both?! Why?!  Why?! 

Yeah! How do you make everyone like you? You have a big party and invite everyone and then everyone thinks you're cool!

Crack baby basketball.  Whow, whoa Kyle, don't tell on us!  We could actually really use you!

Butters, do you wanna go to jail for the rest of your life?!

So... you don't like Family Guy either, huh?

We've got to tell them who did this, you guys. We're gonna get it as bad as Butters!

Okay, okay, okay you guys! You know what? You know what?  That's what.  Suck my clit and balls.

Kyle, the show is over! The whale isn't gonna splash us any more, so who cares?

Why does this happen every month? It seems like, right around the same time every month, Kyle's mom gets a hair up her ass about something and I always end up getting screwed by it!

Yeah, I just told her I was running late and that it won't happen again.

You mean, we make something that looks like a dead body?

Nothin' to be nervous about, Butters. You're finally going to become a man today.

Yeah, he called me a pussy! I'm not a pussy, you're a pussy!

Not the next song, the next PERSON!  Aw, man, this is gonna be a long-ass day. 

You're just jealous! Why don't you go back to Endor you stupid wookie?!

I'm not, Kyle. I know you already told Butters he could go.

Mom, it's not a treehouse, it's a clubhouse!

It's my Mom's new minivan, so I'm the captain, Kyle!

Dude, you spend way too much time with that girl. If you don't-

I'm a high-ranking white wizard, Craig, and I say sixth graders are opposed to water!

Ewww, bring it on, Earnhardt, you scared of the competition?! I'm just as poor an' stupid as you! I'm gonna drive and I'm gonna go fayast and I'm gonna turn to the left sometimes!

Alright, I'll take these to the flavor enhancer.

I told you this game was sweet, dude.

They're hippies! They don't HAVE any money! Does the city council know about this?!

Well, I guess everything's out on the table now, huh Kyle?

'Cause I'm like, you know, the tough one. Every boy band has to have the one member that, you know, is tough.

Good. Now, now put the lotion back in the basket!

You got to get over this whole jealousy thing. Eh, seriously. Just face it, I wrote a better paper than you.

Shh. Okay?! Old people need to be quiet right now!

Yeah, be sure to show everyone, guys. It's really amazing. Heheh, too good, too too good.

You guys, my hand totally smells like spaghetti now. Smell it. 

But mom, seriously, it itches. I can't stand it!

She said to wait for her by the... plastic boxes if I got lost.

Bro, you gotta um, e-mail Jack about the rally and see if he'll bring petition forms. 

Yeah I don't know if I ever told you this before, but I'm actually an agent over at the Super Awesome Talent Agency. You may have seen our ads around town. Anyway, why don't you come down to the office, Token? Maybe I can convince the company to represent you.

Dear Mom: I can no longer stand to be without a sense of humor. Without laughter, the world is a cold and sad place, and I can't go out to face it anymore. Please tell everyone why I won't be at school.

Uh what... what does that mean, "I'll be dead"? Hey, uh what, what was that "dead" part?

All right, Kenny, drink your elixir of the mongoose. I'm now going to use mocking blow.

Ah, Officer Barbrady, you're just in time. These college know-it-all hippies were setting up for a music festival, just as I predicted.

Aw, dude, we've gotta go back to church and confess again.

Kyle! Hey, Kyle!  I know what you're thinking, Kyle. That, like, this is some kind of fitting comeuppance.

I've worked it all out on Expedia.  We can take Southwest Airlines to Miami, then Dubai Air here to Cairo, and then it's just a 49-hour bus ride into Mogadishu, with all the booty and plunder a pirate could want.

Damnit Butters! Keep eating or I'll kick you till you're deader than Kenny!

Detective Sandy Vagina here  thinks that "shit" might have something to do with everyone getting sick.

You guys see me block that defense today, I was kicking ass.

All right, fine Wendy!  I'll fight ya you big bully!

It will be a long road, but at the end of that road is Salvation! And I am going to lead you there!

They mostly come at night, mostly.  Ey, I was watching Aliens on TV!

Butters, I don't have time fot this! I can't wait if your wiener is pulling a Scared Turtle.

Me?  I'm gonna go out on the town and find ten gallons of sea men.

Alright, they're gone!  The Cartman store is open! 

Do I wanna do it? Does the Pope help pedophiles get away with their crime?

Kyle, you don't understand! Casa Bonita is my most favorite place  in the whole world. I'll just, I'll just die if you don't take me! Please! 

Okay, Craig, interesting choice. Powerful stuff there, Craig. Thank you very much. 

Ee-yeah yeah. I think you're right, but, on the other hand, I think Butters would want us to go. You know Butters...

The Chinese are gonna take us over, Butters! And we are the only people who seem to care!

My uh, my grandma just died, so I have to go to Memphis- That's not true. My grandma's fine.

You what? Stay at home? All day? No school?

But that means... that means Kenny was lying! Sock bath! 

Eh, so, you don't want to make your parents suffer and pay for mistreating you, then?  Look, ah, I don't know what your parents did to you, but if you're here, I take it they pissed you off pretty good. Maybe you should at least ...hear what I have to offer?

Ey! Ey, get me out of here! God-damnit! Ugh. Smells like Kenny's house in here.

Oh, this is a democratic boy band, is it? Alright, fine! She's in until she screws up!

Oh yeah?! I roam with twelve gangs! And we only commit hate crimes! What-evah! I'll do what I waunt! 

Tell Bill Gates to suck my ass, Mom!  Mom?  Don't seriously tell Bill Gates to suck my ass. Tell him everything's cool and I'll call him in a little bit. 

You guys go get Ike. Kenny and I will stay here and watch the fort.

Ohoho, it won't be so dumb when Scott Tenorman arrives. I suggest you stay to see the fireworks!

What? I didn't do it, Kelly Nelson's a liar!

Stand back, mother! We're having a telekinetic battle of minds!

Well, well well! You guys can now kiss my ass, because I was on television!  Ey! Didn't you guys see it?! I was on television!  You missed it! You missed it because of this stupid planetarium!  Planetariums suck ass! 

Mom, you don't know anything about Jews! They lie all the time!

Now how the hell did he do that? 

Mom, everyone knows that everything but Apple is stupid!

Yeah. Can I get some of those animal cookies? Those frosty ones with the sprinkles on 'em.

Don't be too hard on yourself, Butters. You can't help being a douchebag. Wait, Butters, look!  This is it! This is our chance! Swing over, Butters! Go!

Oh my God, I knew it! Kyle is always taking my stuff! Just yesterday I couldn't find my iPod headphones! That sneaky little Jew!

O-ho. Weeeeeeeeeellll
Kyle's mom is a bitch, 
she's a big fat bitch, 
she's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world
She a stupid bitch, 
if there ever was a bitch, 
she's a bitch to all the boys and girls.

Dude, this place shreds! What should we do first?

Butters, I'm going to kill you over and over again.

No no. If you cheat and fail, you're a cheater. If you cheat and succeed, you're savvyyy.

YOU GUYS! Oh my God, you guys!  You're never gonna guess what!  Seriously you guys, guess what??

Yes ma'am. I'm gonna be on television, I'm gonna be on television.

Friday?! Aw, Jesus!  I'll just... sort of get in here- in here. 

Dude, we don't wanna hang out with you anymore! Get it through your head! 

Yeah, nothing. There's not an adult left in town.  They've all been arrested, and the ones that weren't arrested have moved away because they're scared of being arrested

Hey! The white man has marred my people long enough! You keep your God-damned mouth shut!  Stan, I need your bike in order to ride over to the reservation.

Stan? Has anybody actually seen the nurse, and come back to tell about it?

Um, could I get you to do something for me?

Oh, didn't you hear, Kyle? I used my new psychic abilities to catch the serial killer. And I made a hundred bucks! 

Heheh! Look at Kenny. He's so poor, huh you guys? His family's so poor they couldn't pay the three ninety nine for the gym outfit. 

Well I'm down. Between the four of us we can throw the sweetest party ever, and these assholes won't even remember us being dicks to them.

You're the crappiest band I have ever heard!

You were supposed to kick his ass, not lick his butthole!

I really don't care anymore, Butters. You see, I've learned something today. As Americans our fear of seeing another country become powerful can turn us into monsters. Watching how crazy you went. Watching you just... shoot people in the dick like that. It made me realize that I want America to be safe, but not at the cost of losing its dignity. I'd rather us be... Chinese... than a nation of unethical dickshooters.  You think about it. 

I did not! I wanna close Wall-Mart just as much as you guys do!

You almost had me for a second there, Mom, heh. "There's no tooth fairy." I suppose you're gonna tell me there's no Santa Claus, Easter Bunny, or Jesus, either, heh, heh...  M- Mom?

He's the last of his kind, you guys. There's only two of them left. 

Well, Kyle, I understand where you're coming from, and I appreciate you being so direct. Um, the thing is, you really have kind a warped view on morality because you're Jewish. Now, Kyle, you haven't gone to see Mel Gibson's film, The Passion but-

I thought I was safe here! Stay there guys, I'll be right back! 

I can't lose this extracurricular credit. I need it to pass fourth grade!

You guys, this is our party. That no-good back-stabbing Jew rat is finally leaving! Come on, everyone! Let's sing! 'Nanana na! Nanana na! Hey hey hey! Goodbye Kyle!

Marina del Rey
They're so nice to the homeless
built them port-a-potties

So, come voting day, you'll now most likely vote for the turd sandwich, yes?

Oh, awesome!!  Excuse me, excuse me? Can I get to eat some of your-  Thank you. Thank you.  Oh, I've got to get to Black Bart's Cave!  Ah! Excuse me? Excuse me! Coming through to Black Bart's Cave!  Oh!  Oh, scary! Look, a skeleton!  Oh man, I'm so scared!  Oh! Oh! Oh, that was awesome! Oh! Oh! Cliff divers!  Come on! Come on, dive!  Dive, asshole!  Oh, awesome! That was cool, huh?  Whoa.  Sopapillas! Can I get some sopapillas please?!  Sweeet!  Oh! Booth! Puppet show! Puppet show! 

Okay, and who wants to take a little Pamprin so their menstrual cramps stop bringing everyone down? Kyle? 

I left my charger at home!  Fine! I'm gonna go home and charge my iPad and bring it tomorrow, and you guys are gonna feel really stupid! 

Aw, you're just saying that because I broke your cat's leg last week.

Dumb?! Phillip farted in somebody's face super hard! But you don't know who until this week's episode!

But mo-om! I have to tell Chef that he's marrying a succubuuus!

But what does he do besides that he's cute?!

Kenny, I'm just trying to get good at NASCAR.

Hey, uh I don't wanna be Jesus anymore! Don't leave me here, you guys! ...All right, that does it! Screw you guys, I'm going home!  Okay, I'm getting pissed now!  God!

Okay. No first graders around. I can swim to the deep end.  Yeah... I can do it. I can do it. I can-- I'm gonna make it. 

Nobody's goin' anywhere!! I'm the captain of this outfit!  To arms!  Now, is there any question who's in charge? I have an enire pirate crew willing to do anything for me!

Just get me down from here!  Oh, finally! My arms are killing me!

Draw the um- You guys draw the nipples like on the bottom of my asscheecks.

All right, check it out. This is a total Kobe Bryant I'm about to do. 

Well then, perhaps we could interest you in  another butterscotch candy? 

And now, again, one man's vision ushers in a new era of aerial travel, proving the power of imagination and intellect. The magic... of flight! 

Eh, what are you doing? I want chicken! Give me some Goddamned chicken!

Ugh.  Just remember the song "Can't Touch This" and you'll remember the code word!

Hey, wait! Where the hell are you going?! 

Hit the PA system NOW!  Put me in the main line! 

Is nice to the homeless
Californiania
Supercool to the homeless

Yes, I'm totally excited. Family Guy is so funny.

Oh, weak! Chef's gonna make sweet love to Ms. Ellen!

Oh jeez, I'm sorry, Kyle.  It's just that I'm so completely bored by this story. See, I'm really only interested in the part where the leprechaun was real, and so you have to suck my balls.

We didn't make it! Your mother's right, douchebag! What are we gonna do? Stand here until we starve?!

Because, he's jealous of how much smarter I am than him. So, he's gonna show everyone the picturrrre.

And what if they are?! You'll stop me from asking just because Wendy forces you to?!

Eugh! Uh, move aside! Move aside! All right, butthole, where's the gold?!

And of course the most common question asked is, just who is he?  Is he a hero or a menace?  While we can all admit that the Coon is obviously really cool, we should also be asking each other... "Why does he care so much for the people of this town? Why does he sacrifice himself every night to rid our streets of crime? And does he really have the right?" What we all need now-  Clyde? Clyde, could you wake up please? This is important.  What we all need now is PROOF... that the Coon exists. I believe that tonight from approximately 5 to 5:45 the Coon is going to be on the roof of Walgreens. I know I'll be there with my camera. And I'm sure... many of you will, too.

Like find out where Mrs. Streible lives, and go over there, and... TP her house.

Team up? Okay, let's write some jokes together.

I want my eternal bliss! Do you think this is funny, God?!  Do you think this is funny,..?

Suck my balls, K-10. I'm not in the mood.

I just... I can't get the image of Bill Gates... bashing that guy's head apart out of my eyes.

Well I'm glad you think Assburgers is funny! Just note my condition on your records there!

Oh yes. Sooo this is where the government checks up on its citizens.

That's right. Proud. You know what I think, guys? I think we should have a metrosexual pride parade.

Butters, what the fuck do you think you're doing?!

I never wanna see you again!  Take! Your sunshine! And frakin'! Die! 

What kind of epic party can you have without pizza and cake? Now all we've got is Lorde.

Hey you guys. I know a scary story.

Nothing... if you tell me where your son is!

Everyone take a Petri dish and a syringe. We need at least 30 cc's of blood from each one of you.

Hey Kenny! Shut up, Kenny! You shut up, fatass!

Plunder the booty, lads! This ship is ours!

Okay, listen up, Mexicans. We need you to read  "The Old Man and the Sea" for us. Comprende? "The Old Mand Y La Mer".

I got reports that the suspect is in this area!

Aha! Kenny! I should have known!  Why do you have a picture of Mysterion in your locker, Kenny?!  Unless you are Mysterion!

Because I'm hardcore. You know, I'm I'm antiestablishment. That's how I roll, dawgs. I do hardcore stuff like that.

Ahaw don't cry, pal. You're gonna get me started. Anyway, what was really important for us as a team, Ellen, was to make sure that everyone knew that we came up with the joke, and not Carlos Butthole Mencia.

Intelligent and friendly on rye bread with some mayonnaise.

All right, everyone listen up! The hippie jam band festival is now fourteen miles in diameter and five hundred thousand hippies thick.

That's not the way this country works, Kyle.  Your bathroom has to be to code for my mobility scooter.  It's the law.

Be you not jealous, Jew. I am creator of all things, yea.

Oh, well, I'll just take that, then.  And what about this? Is this one of your favorites?

My God, he's right.  Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee, even though I walk through the valley of death.  Guys, I don't know if I ever told you this, but, well, I love you guys.  Except for you, Kyle.

HA!  For Show And Tell today, I would like to share with you some very special, very artsy photographs I've taken in pursuit of being a respected photographer.  This first picture I like to call "Moods of Winter" , a simple aspen grove shot in high-contrast black and white shows the brittleness of the trunks and reminds one... of death. This picture I took just as the sun was rising and this lonely man was walking to work. A statement about... all of our loneliness, perhaps?

It's alright, Chef! We got our sea people out of the teacher's stomach and we put them back in their aquarium!

Dude, fuck that! Maybe you were writing jokes for people's amusement, but I don't work for free. I'm gonna talk to a lawyer so we get what's coming to us! 

Alright, now this is very hard for me to do, you understand. But, in return for you working security, I'll let you ride two rides a day. But only two rides, and only if I'm not on them.

I don't think that's very fair: if I teach Craig, he's gonna really kill Tweek.

Hello? ...BHI records? ...Oh, it's for you, Ms. Lopez. 

Ey, what the hell are you talking about?!  I'm not a god-damned Canadian, and neither are you!

Oooh, then we can enter the carving contest! I'll run home and get money from Mother. Do you guys need some, too? 

Hahaha, now say "Caroline, don't go into the light!"

Run now, little firefly. It's all part of the plan.

You mean I have to drive all the way to Denver to get chicken?!

Wait a minute.  Fried chicken! It's tender and it's fresh!  There's maple syrup... Maple syrup's being put on the chicken!

My body, my rights! In fact, I'm jonesing for the rush so badly, I don't think I'll make it to the clinic.

We have to go to the FOX network in L.A. We have to go and... try to get that episode pulled. You guys with me?

No wait. I'll tell you.  He's, he's a little starving Ethiopian kid. We adopted him.

But hey, I'm just a normal kid, like you, except that I ask questions. And because I'm brave enough to ask questions, I come under scrutinies. Is Wendy using your lunch money to buy heroin? Probably not, but how can we know? I don't want my lunch money going to drugs! Who's taking these drugs? What would be the point? I'm asking questions!

Man, I can't believe all our parents lied to us about the tooth fairy.

Haha, I told on you Mom and Dad!

I'm making it look like important people call us.

Not a chance. By now most of the urban cities will be compromised. This whole things from city to city. We need to go somewhere the trend won't take hold. Like Iceland. 

Euh! Once again Butters is tryin' to screw us over! That asshole!

Stupid assholes!  How come nobody has a crime to solve?

Kenny cast Glacial Crasher, and then Stan's dad shot his dick off. I just, I seriously don't know where we go from here. You all right, Kenny?

Yes! Yes, that was me! I was on television!

Alright, I need to tell you something, Wendy. I'm transginger.

Go!!! Does Cleveland like to rock?! Go!!! Yes, damnit!

Intimidated?! Is that what you think this is about, Kyle?

I'm trying to make the best out of a bad situation! I don't need to hear crap from a bunch of hippie freaks living in denial! Screw you guys! I'm going home.

Nice one, Clyde. Alright, next?  Whip it out, Butters. 

There are too many minorities (too many)
At my water park (somebody do something).
Where did they all come from?
Why can’t they leave this land alone?
And it’s such a tragedy (feel a bit like dying).
We looked the other way too long.
We’ve got to change our priorities
And get all these minorities
Out of my water park
(Minorities) Mexicans and Asians,
(Black people), I think I even saw a Native American (gross).
God I’m asking please, get all of these minorities
Out of my water park (my water park).

Don't you get it Butters?! It's never gonna happen for me! Those people are way more poor and stupid than I'll ever be. I might as well kill myself.

That guy ate all the sandwiches he wanted and lost weight. He is so cool.

We can't go to my house either. It's being fumigated.

Yeah! There is even gonna be a big surprise, so you won't wanna miss it, Scott.Oh, and here! Here's a coupon good for one free pony ride!

No time to waste! Platinum album! Must beat Kyle!  Token! Get the bass guitar out of your basement and meet me over at my house! 

No! No I'm fine!  I just need to get home, a-and rest.

Come on everybody,
It's Faith Hilling time.
Dancin', rappin', titties flappin' where are you?
This is the only memeing I'll ever do.

Ask the guys. There's six hospitals within a ten-mile radius, and all we do is pit the crack babies against each other with a little ball of crack.

Dude! That is not cool! Choppin' off wee wees is not cool!

This is ridiculous. All this just so they can send Kenny and his stupid head lice home.

Alright, fine! Here!  Jesus Christ, I wonder if every boy band has to go through this! 

You have a heart made of ice, Mr. Lucas, and so we're goin' tuh melt your icy heart... with a cool island song. Gentlemen? 

Grey's Anatomy?! Kenny! What kind of douchebag garbage are you watching?!

Okay, nice, Butters. Uhhm, now go to the front door and ring the doorbell. This is the part where you collect the money.

Just because you have condoms doesn't mean you're safe, Kenny! Statistically speaking, the most bacteria-ridden place on the planet is the mouth of an American woman! And you're gonna let that near your penis?

All right, now you can try to send this Bozo through and the whole mess'll be over with!

I'm a little piggy; here's my snout.
Oink oink oink, oink oink oink.
I'm a little piggy; here's
- Aalrightalrightalright, now give me back my money!

You know that little kids could have been watching that?! What kind of network are you running there in Canada?! Don't call me buddy! I'm not your buddy! 

What, what is it? What is it for?

You guys, you know Pete Melman?  Fourth Grade, Mr. Bart's class?

No way, dude! We're not staying alone in your house with your wee-wee-choppin' parents!

Oh, that's so sweet you guys.  You wanna go get a room so you can make out for a while? Heheheheheh 

Don't give us that crap! She's no good to you dead and you know it!

Dude, they have gone too far this time! There is no doubt the government is tracking me! We're gonna have to put off the rally.

Yes! Thank you sir, you will not be disappointed! 

You just start that way, Stan, then you cross over. It's genius!

Butters! Oh God, it was... It was horrible!

Ah, Token, can I have a quick word with you?  Look, Token, I-I know the guys are having trouble bringing this up with you, but uh... Well the thing is, Token, we... we really need to revamp your whole TV persona.

Well that's fine! You can't call yourself "Washington Redskins!"

Maybe he caught a disease and died. That'd be so awesome.

Yeah, I've got bigger things to deal with.

I think not! I'm gonna show this picture to my mom when she gets home!

Sarque du Son Bleu.  Oho, we've reached fag factor 5, captain.

I'm gonna go jam my thumb in some'in's butthole now.

Hey! Hey, what is this?! Some sort of sick prank?! I get the greatest thing ever just to have it taken away?! Why did you do this to me, God? Next time you're gonna get my hopes up, could you please take me to a grease monkey? 'Cause I like to get lubed before I get FUCKED! Huh?! Some lube would be nice! Or at least a courtesy lick, God! How about a little courtesy lick next time you decide to FUCK me! 

I know enough, my mother is a hermaphrodite, so she is actually my father.

Huh? Oh, Chef says to put a cucumber down my pants for good luck. 

Oh really? Well did you know that over one-fourth of people in America think that 9/11 was a conspiracy? Are you saying that one-fourth of Americans are retards?

Nah. Come on, guys. Let's go look for crocodi-iles.

You should have taken me out when you had the chance. Now everyone knows the truth! And everyone's gonna think I'm superkewl!

Okay, everyone open your uplifts and autolocate to Stan.

Hit it, Tweek!  In the tropical isle with the coconut tree, there's a lots of-

Yeah, we just have to find somebody who knows how to do it.

Well fuck you, Kyle!! I don't wanna go to your faggy birthday party anyway! I'd much rather hang out at home than have to be around you and your Jew mom for a day!  Kiss my balls, asshole!!!  Dude, I totally didn't mean that, Kyle.  I really really wanna go to Casa Bonita. I'm sorry we had that fight just now. You know, I mean, I said some things, you said some things, but, I think it was good and we-we've moved past it.

Then I shall bid you good morning, gentlemen, and see you on the battlefield. 

We made it, guys. We cab finally stop doing stuff and see just how much our company made in 4, 3, 2, 1 that's the deadline!

Alright Butters, looks like we haaave 2.- wow, 2.4 inches. Really nice, Butters.

You guys, you guys! You're not gonna believe this, this is so funny!

The you'd better get that semen sample no matter how long it takes!

I've had to go buy stuff with 0% down and no payments for two years my-self! I didn't have parents to do it for me like you do!  Look Keh- Kenny, Kenny. We shouldn't be fighting. We both love NASCAR and we're both poor as shit.

What do you mean, what do you do? You just fight each other.

OH GOD, IT'S GONNA KILL ME!  What the-?

My uncle says that smoking crack is kinda cool.

Hang on. I'm going to do something killer.  God damnit, stop it, Kyle!

Look, I told you, I had a cat. But I had it put to sleep 'cause it pissed me off.  Shh. Mr. Kitty, you have to live in the attic for now.  Here. Write a diary.

Avast there, mateys!  Do ya have a thirst for adventure on the high seas of life?  Arrre you sick and tired of your parents and teachers telling you what to do all the time?  Then join Captain Cartman's Perfect Pirate Club, arrrr!  Just imagine it, me hearties! A life without rules, without homework and chores! You can live the pirate's life in Somalia, me friends!  Even Kyle said so.  Our first official pirate mee'in will be 4 pm today at Kevin Stoley's house!

Oh for the love of Christ.  I wanna watch, fat boy!  No, Kenny, it's not funny!

Do you like to put fishsticks in your mouth?

Hey, it's that asshole who sent us to the jungle with nobody to pick us up!

Oh, sweet. What's it gonna hybrid with now?  Ugh--!

This is bullcrap! Mom'll break soon. I can outlast her.

Oh, wow, gee whiz, you think so, Mom?!

You just make the semen come out of your body and put it in this cup!

How do you even know I'm here in my room?

I-I did. I wrote something down.  Here it is! Uh, squiggly line, circle. 

Yeah so, sorry you're not getting any spectators, but there's hardcore dude shit to watch.

But, I think it's best we don't talk out loud about it until we have most of them on the trains heading to the camps. 

All right, fine, Kyle. Forget the Muslim faith for a minute. People can get hurt. If ten people die because Family Guy just had to have their little joke, will you still think it's funny?  What if a hundred people died? Will it be funny then, Kyle?  I'm going to Los Angeles. I'm gonna do whatever I can to get that episode pulled before this gets out of hand. Somebody has to speak for the Muslim people. Somebody has to speak for what's right. 

So then... so then Clyde's mom's ghost was all like "Clyde, what have I told you Clyde, you asshole!" And Clyde is all like "Mom, leave me alone! I'm seriously. Stop, please!" Dude, it was a riot.

You really think if we go to Canada we might still get Christmas presents?

Okay, next item? Next item we're gonna do is uh, 5 5 2 1 6 uh 7, 7 5, 5  This is-oh my God, look at this you guys.  This is 200 carat Brazilian emerald and plasticine ring. I'm gonna start bidding for this ring at, um, let's see, eight billion dollars. Eight billion dollars, opening bid. We've gotta sell this ring today. Tell you what, I'm gonna take it down a little. We're gonna drop that price down to... $75.95. At this price it's not gonna last for lo-oh, we got a caller already, Butters? Butters? Look like- Did we sell it? Yep, seventy-five ninety-five, that's what the rung just sold for. Do we have the buyer on the line? Hello?

Isn't it enough that I pay taxes?! What about the poor houses that, that I pay for?!

Yeah. I told you I'd be a sweet Jesus, you guys.

Go ahead and play Harry Butthole Pussy Potter!

Eh, no, that, that was just a dream. And I'm not fat, I'm big boned!

Jesus, what have I ever done to you? Craig? Token?  Who, who else needs a partner?  Uh who else needs a partner?

And I want a Baltor soldier doll for Easter, and five Crash'n'Go RC cars, you got that?! Do you have that?!

I'm looking in Scott's parents' room. Scott's mom's about to take off her bra.

Damn it, Kenny, don't be such a food-stamp hog! Share with the rest of your friends! 

Yehes, I'm afraid this isn't your chili, Scott. I switched it with Chef's.  It's delicious, Chef. I hadn't planned on that. What I did plan on, however, was that my friends, Stan and Kyle, would betray me and warn you that the Chili Con Carnival was a trap.  I assumed that they would tell you that I had trained Denkins' pony to bite off your wiener. What they didn't tell you was that Denkins is a crazy redneck who shoots trespassers on sight. Knowing that you would try and do something to the pony, I warned Mr. Denkins that violent pony killers were in the area.  I also know that you wouldn't go yourself, for fear of having your wiener bitten off. You would most likely send your parents.  And, I'm afraid that when Mr. Denkins spotted them on his property, he shot and killed both your parents. 

Whoa! Cooool!  Oh wooow! No waaay!  It does e-mail and Web browsing, and it shits in Kyle's mouth?? This is the greatest thing that has ever been invented!!

I was just down in the SPC kickin' it with some G's on the Westsa-eed-eh.

No. Dude, I've seen this on TV. They shine that light in your face, and then they try to get you to tell them stuff by squeezing your balls really hard.

That is bullcrap! You'd better stop worshiping him, sea people! 

Not much, just taking my  one million dollars out of the bank. 

Of course I am. This isn't about you. This is about CartmanBrah, brah.

Eh, it's not an act, Kyle! All I wanted was for these people to understand what Christmas means.

Dude! Dude! DUDE!  The fuck are you doing?!

Is this cool or not? I can't tell.

What's wrong with the colors on your TV, Stan? They're all saturated. 

Polly Prissypants, when people find out we did all this, we're gonna get in total trouble!

Yes, well now you can read about all those things I've said, Butters. Take this copy of my book.

Yes. He's been following us for like two hours. 

So what happens when the dragons show up?

Butters, do you think your goo might work on someone else?

Haaha, hahahahahaha! Oh man, that is hysterical!  Oh!

Oh no you don't, you're not going to ruin my moment of fame.

It's okay Fluffy, I won't let them hurt you.

Uugh!  Yeessss.  Ooohhh yyou guys, seriiously, it calms yer ass. Ahhhh... 

Now, Token, I I know what you're saying to yourself: You're saying, "Hey, why do I need an agency? Why should I give them ten percent?" Right?

What is this? Halt!  It will take more than your weak American weapons to destroy me!

Yeah. Now do you believe me that somethin' is goin' on?!

Alright, look. I didn't wanna have to say this, but I think maybe we're not seeing heaven because one of us doesn't believe in it enough.

Yes. You can flip us off, Craig. We deserve that. We just came by to apologize. We feel so bad.

Well that doesn't seem very fair, Kyle. I mean, if God is going to make Pharaoh say no, then why would he punish him for saying no?

What? What was that? Butters? Token?!  Oh Jesus Christ! You guys?! Aghgh!  You guys?! GUYS!

...You know, it's funny, Kenny. Stan and Kyle have always been sort of two best friends, you know, and... well I- I don't know if I ever told you this, Kenny, but um... I kind of always thought you were my best f-friend. I don't know.

Oh my God! Dude, look at how dirty and crappy everything is!

Let's put our hands up, everyone! 'Cept for Jacob. His mom's so poor she only understands hand-OUTS. 

The person I'm dressed as is not fat, and not gay!

He lied to us all! He betrayed his kind! We all know what has to happen.  Grab a sock and a bar of soap, and meet us at the park! 

Aww, you guys. I think Stan's in love.

Mr. Broflovski! Mr. Broflovski, there a smug storm! We have to go!

Oh, Stan, Kyle, just the guys I wanted to see! My NAMBLA organization is having a very important benefit in my honor.

Wait a minute! You guys did make me ride that bull!

Oh my dick's gettin hard again! It's protrudin' out my paaaaants!

God, he's just the best!  Mr. Reiner, can I get you a muffin? O-or a cold drink, perhaps?

Oh my God. Bite-size Snickers? That's it. I'm calling child-protective services! 

Don't call me fat, you son of a bitch! 

Look, if you don't come and do the show, I'll make you eat your parents!

Uh not from you dumbasses, that's for sure.

How do I reeeach these keeeeds?!  Just before the last Super Bowl, Bill Beelichick gathered his football players and said, "Let's win this one for real. Just this one time. Let's not cheat." You know what happened?  They lost.  Even if you feel all eyes are upon you, you cannot give up on chea-ting! Or else you can lose the biggest game of your lives.

For he is LordLord, Lord, LordWhere are you from, little boy? 

Then why are they sayin' that gettin' vaccinated at school is gonna make us all retarded?

...Oh, I guess I do care about that. Huh.

If in fact the Jews truly are shapeshifters, and I believe I've presented enough evidence here to prove that they are, then we must unite as a species to fight them and stop their plan of global domination and the control of our freedom. 

Was I alarmed?  Yes.  I believe I was.

Hey, everyone? Excuse me!  Everybody, can I just have a second of your time, please? Everyone, listen up.  Listen everybody, I uh... I owe Kyle a big apology and I... I wanna do it in fromt of everyone because... ugh... I was wrong, Kyle.

Well, neither is Bigfoot, Kyle, but there are a lot of people who say they have spotted a Sasquatch.

You guys...  Oh, God, I don't even know how to tell you this.

Isn't it possible your mom was raped by the UPS man? We know nothing about this guy and he shows up to all of our houses. Think about it: what kind of sane, normal person would wanna have sex with Kyle's mom?

Do you know your girlfriend's going around tellin' everyone that you're gay?!  Oh yeah! She's got the whole school believin' that she's attracted to girls, but she's dating you! So what does that make you, Stan?! A girl! Stan-an's a gir-rl! You'd better curb your dog, Stan! You'd better curb your dog before people start ripping on you! 

You guys, there's... there's no tooth fairy, you guys. There, I said it. 

It's just... I don't know what to do about Jimmy. I'm starting to think he might try and Jew me out of my half of the fishsticks joke.  I just... need you to teach me some Jew defensive moves, Kyle. Because we really both did come up with it. 

The Lord wants you to walk, Timmih! Oo-walk, Timmih! 

Okay, Ms. Lopez, time to go to sleep. 

This whole thing is a freaking sham! I see what you're doin' now! You're tryin' to sell sex to young girls and then confuse them by  teh- ...tehhhh 

I wrote a poem. Is it okay if I read my poem?  It's called "I Was Not The Bullet." 
I was not the bullet. I was not the gun.
I was not the juror that set the shooter free.
I was not the trigger. I was not the hate.
Nor was I the judge, but still, you judge me?
I was not the black family mourning for the dead.
"Oooo, somebody shot our children. Lordy, what we do now?"
I was not the verdict.

A bunch of fat old skanks on their periods?

Kyle, can I talk to you over here for a second?  Kyle? Why do you do these things to me?

Shut up, Kenny. And then, I know I can get us a gig at the South Park Mall.  So everybody get in a straight line, we're gonna listen to a song from the top, and take it--

Will somebody take those books away from him?

Hey, come one guys! We can use part of my gift certificate to buy food at the food court.

Will you get off my back?! It's hard enough I gotta work the beat, and now I gotta come home to your nagging?!  Look look, I'm I'm sorry. It's just this case, and... the guys down at the station, I... I'm tired, alright? I'm I'm tired.

No no, I just drank his memories. I'm not sharing my body with that poor piece of crap. Stop calling me poor, you fat dick!  ...Oh Jesus Christ.

Good. Keep working. We want to know all we can before we try to operate it.  All right, gentlemen, our containment center for the time warp is nearly complete. All that's left for us to do is get the device from the girls and bring it here.

Well. To think all this time I'm actually a Naive American.

Of course, no. David Blaine is a real person. You may have seen his television specials on ABC. He also wrote a book, and we'd like to share it with you.

Engh. Egh. Uuuh, stupid cigarettes.  One.  Heh, two.  Come on! Uugh, come on, now! Come on, uuhhhgghh  yeahhh. Hoh. Phew.  Hoh. ...Oh, God-damnit! 

Yes! Yes! I'm a star! I'm a star! I'm--  Aaawww, I'm nobody! God-damnit!  Wait a minute. Maybe that was a sign from God. That's it, isn't it? You want me to start a boy band so I can make $10 million dollars, don't you? That's it! 

Oh, there's something we can do about it alright! If they're gonna put us on blast, they're at least gonna get the numbers right! We are going to remeasure!!

Well I'm in Japanese prison Lawd
Japanese prison got me down
Said I'm in Japanese prison Lawd
Don't belong here, my eyes are round.

God-damnit, Timmy! Helen Keller isn't supposed to talk!

Ugh yeah?! Well you all need to stay focused, Goddamnit!  If you let yourselves get distracted for even one minute, we're gonna be overrun with these jobless, no good-!

Yeah, hippies and terrorists are the same thing.

Here it is, my big moment of fame.

It's raining frogggggsss!  Kyle! Kyle, my Hebrew friend! Did you see that it's raining frogs?

I think we're looking at a non-exclusive two-year fifty-picture deal here. My calculations put that at about four million dollars.

Everyone! Everyone, a Black Friday toast. How awesome that we are all friends again. Our two houses brought together. Soon we will all have our PlayStation 4s.  And to you, my old friend, Princess Kenny. You really look stunning. No doubt the gods have smiled down upon your perky boobs.  Now, if you'll excuse my, my lady, I need to take a shit.  What have you found out?

Oh, what was that? I I couldn't quite make that out, Kyle.

Well come on, let's hurry! It's almost Christmas! 

Oh my God, that is what I've always said.  I love this guy!

Five bucks a hair? The- that's like a million dollars!

You're a jakovasaur; that's what they call you.

I don't give a shit, dude! Nobody beats my ratings! Get me a plane ticket! That bitch is going down! 

Ooo yeah, take that from me in the car, Kenny! 

Oh, what are you?! A cissy too, Clyde?!

Not this time! They dropped their card. Now we know where CAA Talent Agency is! We're gonna march in there, and get our client back.

Why couldn't the funeral have been on a school day?

Yeah hey, nice to meet you. My friend Kyle is a Jew too.

That's four hundred for us! We did it! 

Kyle! Oh my gosh, what did you just say??

Goddammit, why hasn't it shown up yet?  Dragon Wind to Faggot! Come in, Faggot!

All I know is, I got this sweet digital watch and these cool shoes; I'm telling you guys, suing people kicks ass!

Oh, it looks like you finished your Fudgecicle, Elvin.  God damnit, be quiet, Elvin! Shut up, Elvin!  No, Elvin, bad Elvin! 

Here we are, Kyle. You tried to bail out on our agreement, but I found you.

A-alright. Pretty sweet, you guys, getting a hundred bucks to play tetherball with some-- 

Yeah, dude, but I got in the finals for tomorrow!

President Bush, this is Eric Cartman! Are we on a secure line?

I'll eat my underwear, Wendy.  And then you'll be satisfied. We can put this whole thing behind us.

I was just-  I was just watching the TV! They had this commercial.

So who do we throw the party for?

What? What the hell are you guys doing??

Mr. Mackey, I think you might want to entertain that this is some kind of conspiracy, just like 9/11.

Hey, speaking of pounding ass, here comes Stan's little homo dog.

Nah, nah, the cable wire must be loose. 

Alright Stan, just sit down at the computer. 

Oh really?  Then, why don't you hold it?  Well, go on, Kyle. If it doesn't have metal spikes, then hold it.  Hold it.

There's no more time for ideas! We have to have this vehicle up and operational in less than three days! Look, it's a long shot! But it's also the only shot we-  got.

Ah, sir, you don't understand. We have to see Magic Johnson right away. You see, we have AIDS.

You guys, you guys, relax. We don't have to read the book or write the essay.

Just make the boat go that way, kind of.  That's good. Now bring her around portside.  Now that's a pirate ship!  A fine day o' plunderin' we had, boys! What about yourselves?  Here you are, lads. Plenty of booty to go around.  A round of grog for me boys!  A round of grog for everyone!  The fuck is this? This is water in a Dixie cup! Alright, Goddammit, really you guys! What kind of pirates are you?! Look at yourselves! You disgrace the Blackbeard! I don't know where you people get off calling yourselves pirates!  Little beat-up boats, water in Dixie cups. I mean, I mean look, look at this guy!  Look at this guy for Christ's sake!  I mean, how hard is this, people?!   I tell you lads, if we're gonna be the most feared people on Earth, then there needs to be some Goddamned changes around here!
Weee drink and we pillage and we do what we please! We get all that we want for free!

No! It's okay, Kyle... because... I'm not gonna live like some... slug who can't even leave his house 'cause he can't get around. Now that I can admit I'm fat, I decided to finally do something about it.  Sweeeeeeeeeet!

Yeahuh huh. I told you never to take the headset off outside the access point, didn't I?! We're actually both in my house right now. You're wearing the headset and I'm talking to you as a computer program. That's why I can... manipulate reality. 

I didn't sign up for this! You take your American Liberation Front and you shove it up your ass.  That's it. Kill me. Do whatever. I can no longer conscionably be a part of the American Liberation Front.

Aw, damnit! Alright.  It is decided.  Butters, your turn. 

God-damnit, poor people suck! Your family is already on welfare, and now they're gonna bring another kid into the world. Poor people are turning out babies, adding to the overpopulation, and they're expecting me to pay for it with my tax dollars.

What-evah! I ran for Congress and won. Then I had sex with an intern, killed her, and hid her body! What-evah, I'll do what I waunt!

Tape it to the wall, Kenny! Jason, watch the door! 

Give, give me the chicken. G-give me some chicken.

Aw, dude, I think I might have it.

Get out of the way mah! The Terrance and Phillip Thanksgiving Special is on.

Fine! Then you won't mind giving us a semen sample. 

Right. Your idea of heaven is getting five dollars off your matzah ball soup at Barney's Beanery by lying about a hair in it.

No there aren't. Jesus, grow up, you guys.

Jewpaca- look, it's nothing. Forget I said anything.

Ten dollar? Eight dollar? You give me eight dollar, soldier boy!

Could I see that again? That was cool.

Uhaw man, I can't wait to see the look on Kyle's face when we tell him we had super fun time, while he was at the dumb Pioneer Village.

Yes. It's just beyond yet another wine and cheese store.

Dumbass, you can only milk a dog once every few hours. It doesn't work if you beat off the dog again right away.

That's not a crane, it's a dick and balls.

Tell her, tell her that I wish... I wish I would have been a better son sometimes!

That's what I'm doing. I'm about to find out all about what happened back in 1776. 

I wonder when the monster is gonna come back to feed again? 

I'm prepared!  For my book report, I read The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe. It was very, very good. Have you read it, Mr. Garrison?

Something is going on, and I have a right to know where my friend is!!

That's awesome. I'm so stoked that we're best friends.  Fist bump.  Fist bump. 

Sir Kyle, pre-order doesn't mean shit, okay? When you pre-order a game, you're just committing to paying for something that some assholes in California haven't even finished working on yet. You know what you get for pre-ordering a game? A big dick in your mouth.

Indifferent Rectal Semen Splooge is taken too?! Come! On!

Could you help me put this cement block and chain in the boat?  Okay, let's go.  So how are things, Kyle?

Hoho! Aw man, this is awesome! Weeeee!  Oh here, Kyle, you wanna play with it a little while.  Oh, psych! You don't get to! Hehe. Oh, check it out! Cooool!

Please just let me go! Ah, I'm gonna tell everyone I'm not really psychic! I've learned my lesson! Please, I don't wanna-  I don't wanna have to use my psychic mind missile on you! 

Washington Redskins. Go fuck yourself.  Sure, we'd be happy to take your money. Yup. Go to our kickstarter page. Okay, nice, idiot. Uh huh, fuck you, bye bye.

I know, right?  A big rally to tell the government to stay out of our private lives! I'm gonna e-mail everybody and put it up on my blog pages!  I seriously feel like I'm being spied on right now.  I'm sure the government has a file on me a mile long; that's why this is so important, you know?  Hang on, I'm gonna make a video blog for my "Stop Listening To Me" Web site.  What's up everybody? It's me again, just kicking it at my skeal. There's gonna be a big rally to tell the government to stop gathering information on us! Gonna tweet you all the details, but keep quiet, 'cause it's top secret!  You guys gonna update your blogs too?

Yeah, you remember that book you wrote? Stan's mom found it.

They're nearby. Very safe and sound. I just might want to... alter our deal a little bit.

You guys better not be trying to Bogart my friend away!

Yes, yes, what a beautiful night! It is Saturday the 12th at 10:45, and my mother is away at a party right now.

I don't think so, Kyle! But you know what?! This is exactly what you would do if you had had head lice! Try to get everyone to blame me!

Shu- shut up you guys, shut up you guys. 

Alright, Brother Kyle, it is time for us to die! 

Hey, there's a lot of big words in these books.

This is the way of the future, Mr. Garrison.

Wait a minute. They're following us! Full speed, Mr. Worf!

Trapper Keeper, I need to drown out my annoying friend. Please initiate music, country, high volume. 

Hah, hah. Mr. Hat yelled at you.  Ow! My ass! 

I measured mine this morning. See? It's right here at the top. 

Ey! You used to work for me!  Ut ut aw! Aw, Goddamnit, you sonofabitch! 

That's right, Tweek. And if my theory is correct, all we need to get is more of the two reacting agents, and we can really see them flourish. Tweek!

Hey Token. ...Sup bro? ...How's it goin' dude? I know how it feels now.

Oh, God-damnit! Well I warned you Kyle! I told you if I missed Christmas we were gonna throw down!  Well it's on! We're gonna have it our RIGHT NOW! 

Nyanyanyanyah nyah nyah! Nyanyanyanyah nyah nyah! I got into NAMBLA and you gu-uys didn't!

All this time! Why didn't you tell me, father?!

Well, what are you gonna do? Go back to school? I'm not going back there, man!

Did you guys see that movie "Hannibal"? Where the deformed guy trained giant pigs to eat his enemy alive?? Well, if we find a pony , we can train it. Train it... to bite off Scott Tenorman's wiener.  It will be painful and humiliating! Everyone will see it happen! And then, Scott Tenorman will forever be known as the kid who had his wiener bitten off by a pony!!! WAHAHAHAHAA!!!

I love that song, Mom. Sing it again.

Okay, okay. Even if there was a Jewpacabra, it wouldn't know I was the one who got video of it, huh? How could it know that? It couldn't know that, right? Kyle? 

Okay, okay, let's try to watch the language; there's children present heuh.

I just wanted to see how you're doing, Kyle. Why don't we go out for a little boat ride?

Okay, alright, so listen: I know our family is poor, okay?! But before we lived there, Kenny was actually poorer than me! So technically, he's the poorest kid at this school!

They want to see if we mix the story up, and see if someone will rat out the other three for a better deal.

Uh yeah, big dong and prosper. Um, listen guys, uh, uh, you're XBox people, right?

What? NO!  NOO!!  You sent me back too far!! HEY! Do it over!

Silver Bells, Silver Bells, it's Christmas time in the city...

He's pissed off. Because of something that happened a long time ago but he won't forget.

He's not a genius; he's a little douchebag.

Oh, so now it's we, huh Jimmy? A minute ago you said you did it all yourself!

All right. Right now, I'm gonna be totally serious, dude. Okay? If you call me piggy one more time, I'm gonna leap out of this chair  and rip your god-damned nuts off with my bare hands!

Look you guys, all it takes is for one of us to crack, and we all know who the weakest link is!

See? Maybe they want to become sweet juicy veal steaks.

I don't wanna die on this- bus with you assholes!  You guys suck!

Wait!  Walk out that door, Token, and you'll regret it the rest of your life! Christians have a built-in audience of over one hundred and eighty million Americans! If each one of them buys just one of our albums at twelve dollars and ninety-five cents that would be- 

The Wrestling Takedown Federation has several matches planned today. Alright, sooo, here's how we'll do this, guys. I'll come out to the ring first and then Jimmy, you come in and tell me you're gonna kick my ass. Then I'm gonna say "You slept with my girlfriend," and I'll charge you into a head slap.

What had to be done so that we can play our games on XBoxes, Kyle!

Stan, nunh tunh tunh tunh tunh tunh tunh tunh tunh tunh tunh tunh hunh. Tunh tunh tunh tunh tinh teenh?

Oh, really? Oh, 'cause, they're doin' a big interview on MTV, and they're playing it tonight on a big screen downtown.  Everyone's gonna be there!

You guys, it's six in the morning, I have to get some sleep.

You need to find your way back to my room. Can you do that??

Aw, screw God. I'm not scared o' him. He's a pussy.  You know I'm just kiddin', right? Heheyeah. 

Dude, what's wrong with you? You got some kind of John Travolta disease?

Nay, Butters! The one tape must be brought back to Stan'ses house. 

You have to make it convincing, though, when you call the police. You have to be like,  "my parents molestered me."

Alright alright, I'll stay here and answer the phone for you.

We're here! We're here! Casa Bonita!  Aw man, this is gonna be so great!

No! But I don't... ah... ah...  Hey! Hey Mr. Fun, I changed my mind. I need the park to make my money back.

Psst real, real quick. Just psst, real quick.  Wendy, you're not gonna believe this.  I just found out my mom has breast cancer.  Man, I sure got what was coming to me! I was a real jerk, and now they're gonna cut off my mom's boobs.

No no, you got it wrong. We aren't the Chinese, we're the good gu-  AAH!  Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!

Well, hearing you bitch about your dad all the time is super-interesting, Stan. I hope you do it during the entire lunch period. 

Butters, we live in a world where privacy is gone. Okay? It's... It' just gone, bud. Your wiener, my balls, they're public domain. You can get on the Internet right now and look at that chick from Hunger Games' butthole. We can either all freak out about it, or we can just calm down because honestly, I'm getting a little sick of covering your ass!

But I don't think I can get my mom to buy me another one.

Oh, God-damnit, now what are we gonna do?!

They call it cough syrup, cough medicine, cold and flu remedy. But behind closed doors at South Park Elementary it also has a street name. Coochie, wombat juice, tigger yum yum. Hello, I'm Rick Cartman. Today, the Sexy Action School News Team takes you inside the dark and lonely world... of cough medicine abuse.

No, not a boy, but a girl. One of us is gonna have to go undercover, show up in school tomorrow disguised as the new girl who just moved to town.

We will!  Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to witness the next great boy band of the country! Someday you will all be among those who can say, "I saw Fingerbang when they first performed at some crappy little mall."  And so, without further ado, all five members of the...

Kyle, Kyle!  I just found out that in World War II, some Jewish people were sent to concentration camps.

You are, Jimmy! We've always been best friends. We know everything about each other.

Goddamnit, you stupid assholes are going to ruin everything!

Tweek, now Goddamnit, we picked you to be our new friend to replace Kenny because we thought you were a team player!

I can't believe we all got duped. I've been wearin' this stupid things for months! I feel like such a tool.

Come on, Kenny, you have to give me the subspace cruiser  so I can destroy the Gengrins on Crespus 5.

I've come up with a test that can determine if it was any of us who had the head lice.  We're gonna find out once and for all who had head cooties.  Lice feed on a person's blood, and just like mosquitoes they leave small traces of their saliva in the host's bloodstream. That saliva, is monochromagnic. So if an infected person's blood is touched by... this hot metal coil, say... that person's blood will jump 10 meters into the air.

Uh, Butters, I don't know how to tell you this, but, Lisa Berger is going out with Clyde.

Okay, Butters, I'm booting up the core competency now.  Edifice framework is online. Vital signs appear to be normal. Interim status?

They're gonna... take over the world! HAA!  Too many of them.  No! Leave us alone!  Nooo!  Damn it no! No!

My brain is of a much larger size than you guys's. I couldn't expect you to understand, not until you actually saw the cash flow!

I will play this card to move Kyle back seven spaces...  ...screw you Kyle.  Aaand all right, your turn, Kenny. 

So it looks like you're too cool to care that you're on an album cover, you black asshole! Now just hold it!  Our first album cover. 
Don't ever leave me, Jesus. I couldn't stand to see you go.
My heart would simply snap, my Lord, if you walked on out that door.
I promise I'll be good to you, and keep you warm at night.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, why don't we just... shut off the lights.

A meteor. A meteor the size of Wyoming, heading right for earth.

E-heh. No no no, I blew a funny fuse.

There will be refreshments served! So make sure your mom goes to the grocery store, Kevinnn! So come one, come all! The invitation is open to any student who wants to be a pirate, and who isn't Jewish, Mexican or ginger! Arrrgh!

I know, I'm not poor an' stupid enough. But I change that, Butters,  Here, I want you to take all my money. Every bit of it, Butters. Fifty-eight dollars and thirty-two cents.

No way. Everybody knows that Sylvester is the toughest dog in South Park.

Oh God here it comes! Get down everybody! Get down now! 

You know what she did? She apologized and begged me not to fight her. I said "Well Wendy, if you're so sorry, then say it in front of everyone." But she wouldn't. That's how desperate she is. Man you have to do something, Stan. You have to be a fuckin' man and forbid her from fighting, so she has a way-  Oh, that's where I put those.  Anyway, Stan, you've got to put a stop to this fight. Wendy's stuck and she needs you.

No- No way. I'm not going to the hospital, Mom!

There! There it is right there, see? A red-headed cow. 

Well, we're going with our families to Las Vegas. I guess there'll be some younger kids there, too, if you wanna go.

Yeah. Too bad they have the personalities of a wet dishcloth. 

I'm afraid I can't let you do that, Kyle.

Well, the way we see it, we have three primary obstacles in making Smackdown a great show: Token, Butters, Jimmy.

This is manipulation at its highest lever; you should let me handle this.

There is no point! It's just because Sarah Jessica Parker is fuckin' ugly!

Yeah well, I'm glad people aren't mad at you anymore. I know what that feels like.

You guys, my mom is totally worried about me. You'd better let me down.

I do not directly say she's a slut!

We can't go to Canada, dumbass! It's Christmas!

...I could pile at Shakey's, heck.  Uh, Drrrr! Drrrr!

Dear Mr. President. There are times when humans can no longer endure their government's authoritah. You must declare the Confederaceh its own nation so that we may enter into a new millennium of prosperitah. If you do not meet our demands, we will be forced to show the videotapes we have of you with Marisa Tomei.

Shelly, did I ever tell you how hot I think you are?

Oh man, that was great! You guys know what Mr. Jefferson said? He said I'm his best friend, and I can go over to his house whenever I want! I'm supposed to go right back over there after dinner tonight!

...Dude, have you had Chipotle? It's really good. You guys, we have to help Kyle's brother and get to the bottom of this. And I think I know just who to call...

Hey guys, have you been takin' your Ritalin?

Hey! What the hell do you think you're doing here?

They're gonna put me in jail for a hate crime! You have to take me to Mexico!

Yes, but then I realized that, technically, I don't. Because by being suspicious of you I saved your life and everyone else's. So really, you owe me an apology. But that's cool.

It's the British kid! He's a little limey zombie now!

Okay, because, last year, I took a sandwich that the priest of this church had been eating.

Captain Cartman reporting from Shuttlecraft Spontaneity. Approaching planet Omega Nine.

Sir, don't you think you're talking a little too much?

Do you know what this is?!  This... is apple juice. It gives super bad farts. 

No! The Chinese, no! Somebody has to stop them!  No! No!

You just have no long-term memory 'cause you get high all the time!

That's a scientific term for crapping your pants.

What-ever, Bebe! Like Stan really cares! Just get out of our football game, you stupid skank!

Family Guy is going off the air! No more Family Guy for me, mon frère!

Yup! You know what Hillary says: "You can suck my clit and balls." 

The other way to stop the outbreak. Token isn't the only Patient Zero. The outbreak won't happen if... we shoot George Zimmerman. We have to get to Florida!

The Body of Christ! Sleek swimmer's body, all muscled up and toned!
The Body of Christ! O, Lord Almighty, I wish I could call it my own!
You're one time, two times, three times my Savior...
Whenever I see Jesus up on that Cross I can't help but think that he looks kinda hot...

Don't give me any more issues than I already have, Wendy!  Oh wow, this is nice in here. The girls bathroom is a lot cleaner than the boys. 

Then why did I see ice cream and cookies when I closed my eyes?

Ogh! Dude, it's called deodorant, okay? It's not expensive.

You're wrong, Kyle! God is not a dick! 

Mom, how are you going to start bringing more money into this household?

Weeeeeee! Oh yes! Oolll! Check it out! Heheyeahehe! 

But now we can have Communion and not go to hell, right?

We have a deal, Blavius. As long as I get what I want, you have nothin' to worry abuot. 

Oh God damn it Kyle, I was just about to get what I wanted.

I know, right? I was always extra good before my birthday too because I was told Slash would come and play for me.

Dude, go see why. It's a Jesus miracle!

No I didn't. That was just my shoes.

Oh my God! Why doesn't everyone just back off?! I know how this works: You're the 99% ganging up on the 1%!

How can he be mad with such pretty hair and rosy cheeks?

Then Butters, you come in as the ref all like "No no, the fight hasn't started yet," and that's when Jimmy sneaks up from behind and hits me over the head with a foldaway chair.

You'll never take us alive! We're going down together, pigs!

Dude. You know that feeling when you take a huuuge dump? Awesome! 

Thanks, Stan, but even if I was I'd still be too rich.

Kyle! Kyle, hold on, you asshole!  What the fuck are you doing?!  Kyle, stop it!  God damn it, don't!  Kyle, no! Not Clyde Frog! Leave Clyde Frog alone!  NO!!  AHH! Clyde Frog!! Clyde Frog you ba- no! Not the Xbox, Kyle!  Not the X-wait! WAIT A SECOND!  I'm sorry I gave you HIV, all right?! Just give me a chance, and I can cure you!

I want the name and address of anybody who's bought a time phone from this guy in the past week.

Well, think about it.  The first people inside are gonna have to take on the brunt of the holiday shoppers from the main entrance. It's best we let Butters and Scott Malkinson go first. While they fight, we can simply slip on by.

How do you know?! I've seen The Passion thirty-four times now, Kyle! You haven't seen it once! There's even one part where the Jews have a chance to save Jesus, and you know what they do? They let Barabbas, a serial killer, go free instead and laugh about it.

Mobody can be made fun of for crapping their pants, and nobody can die!

Right, right. Let's see... There's posters. Radiohead posters! And he's reading a magazine about Radiohead!

Hey, I was under duress! Maybe it waaas this one. 

I know I'm special. This isn't news to me.

Weh hunh hrhrh hrh huh-right! Like I'm some hippie Indian.  You know what I'm sayin' G? Check you later-I'm gonna go chill with mide-my dad. 

Hey Kenny! You got herpes, dude! Ah I almost touched him.  Zi-  Oh, sick Kenny! No! Gross.

Yeah, I know what you mean. I don't wanna die either.  I haven't even gotten my pubes yet.

Well if you get grounded in virtual reality you get grounded in real life too! For EVER! 

I know, I know! 
She works hard for the money
So hard for it, honey
She works hard for the money, so you'd better treat her right
She works hard for the money
So hard for it, honey
She works hard for the money, so you'd better treat her right

No, they won't! Fuck you Butters, you're an asshole!

I got some badass guys to help me.
I only had to pay them fifteen bucks.
You think you got away with not having a hall pass?
You won't get away from me 'cause I'm the Dawg!
I am the Dawg, the big bad Dawg!
Think you can get away with not having a hall pass? Think again!  How was that, Butters?

I can not possibly eat one more bite of its chocolaty goodness. Oh, but but but, but I'll try.

No, Kitty, this is my corned beef cabbage!

What are you talking about? This is a gift from God. An early Easter present all wrapped up in a pretty ribbon from Jesus Christ himself!

Um... okay. How about this:  Adam Sandler is like, in love with some girl, but then it turns out that the girl is actually a... golden retriever, or something.

I can't think here. I need a magazine and a toilet. 

YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO GET ME THE RED MEGA MAN, EH! NOW I CAN'T MAKE THE ULTRA MEGA MEGA MAN, YOU DIRTY CHEAP-ASS PIECE OF CRAP! 

Yeah, but Stan's mom is old; that means her nipples... sag more to the bottom now.

Well I can't kill her. I'm too obvious a suspect. Now, when you reach her room, Butters will keep a lookout while Kenny opens the bedroom door, Kyle puts a pillow over my mom's head, and Stan shoots her in the face.

Something he said. Did you hear him? He said "Ouchie ouchie Mommy raped my nono!"

Oh, I'm sorry. I thought we were talkin' here, but I guess you're not talkin' to me. Goodbye.

Then maybe I can make myself believe it too.  Thanks you guys. I'm gonna go chase a dream. 

Yeah, just cause your mom is a stupid bitch doesn't mean the whole world has to suffer.

Okay, very nice, very nice. Oh wait, uh, God-damnit! Felipe!  The classic brown poop is supposed to go in the parents' bedroom! The living room is supposed to be all baby green poop!

Oh, man, look at that one!  It looks delicious

How could-? How could you lie to me, Mother? Lie right to my face?

Oh, that's a relief. I thought maybe I had a fever but I- oh OH. Oh my buns! There's a sharp pain in my buns!

I've been up for hours doing some calculations, and I've come up with my final theory of composite dynamics.  Sea people plus sea men equals sea ciety.

How can Slash be playing in Colorado Springs and Moscow at the same time?!

This is your problem, Butters! Either you help me, or I will haunt you for the rest of your life! 

Were you just flippin' through the channels and saw me selling this ring and thought "Hm, I'd like to fuck that kid!"

Next Saturday?? I'll never be able to keep Butters in the...  In the... depths of my heart for that long. I sure hope he... turns up before then.

Uh if... we could just get you to sign right here? 

Um, ah AWESOM-O is reorganizing your stuff for you.

Oh yeah?! Well, I'm gonna give you... AIDS! 

Hey yeah, ziplining! That could be really cool!

Guys, meeting over here for a second?  All right you guys, we need to stay calm and just do the right thing. We have to kill Butters and bury him in Kyle's backyard.

Kyle, have you stopped to think that maybe the sex wasn't consensual?

Damnit, Kenny! Can't this thing go any faster?!

Well, I'm just saying na, don't mess with Kitty na.

You and me: we're going to be the brave little boys who fought back, Butters. We are not letting them take over our country. Fuck the Chinese.

Aw- Jee-. They don't even make enchiritos anymore!

Thank you. And you'd better hope to God it still works, just like it did before.

Alright guys, we're gonna need some video cameras. We gotta go out at night and try to get proof of this thing.

Let's see... Matthew 15:11. "Not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man; but that which comes out of the mouth defileth a man." That's a good one, Clyde Frog. Interesting. 

Beth is my bitch. I put a whole crew together, brah. I'm gonna get that hallway-defilng slut no matter what it takes! Are you in?!

It was just too much and my sense of humor overloaded.  I don't think anything will ever be funny again. Oh God. What have I got?

Oh my God! Does it look like it's getting closer? 

Yeah, I guess now we'll have to call him Ben Assfleck.  Ben Assfleck, say that's funny.

Well now you're gonna get it, motherfucker! That's right! You and me! Right now!  We're havin' it out! Let's go! Come on! Come on!!  Mooooooom! Moooooooom!

Well, our friend here has some animal-rights concerns. Do you have any free-range chickens?

Can I talk to you for a second, just for a second, right over here?  Listen uh, I heard through the grapevine that you've got a thing for Kyle?

...Some happy, some sad; I think of childhood friends and the dreams we had
We lived happily forever, so the--

Okay, well if you have a better idea, then why am I here? 

Parent-teacher conferences will be held this Wednesday night, from seven to nine. So kids, get a lot of playing in before you get grounded. And now, for a look at what's on the menu for school lunch today, here's Stan Marsh.

Eh hey guys, wait, uh, ..we wannaaa play with you before you go onstage.

Last time, when Butters spent the night, I was being really nice to him and I was... gonna take a picture of him for his mom to have.

I'm committed to peace, Wendy.  I want you to see just how humbled I am... 

Shut up you shifty Jew! I'll fuckin' kill you!  Uh sorry, sorry. I just, you know, when I've been waiting too long for the Colonel's chicken I get easily agitated. You're a fuckin' asshole Kenny! Oh oh oh, sorry sorry. Oh here we are! Here we are!

Yup, a few more laxatives on that one, a little more Arby's horsey sauce on there, mhm.

Oh, pretty good, except I had the weirdest dream last night.

Muh-Mom, I've only just heard. They're making Chinpokomon dolls, mom. You can collect them all. You can collect them all, Mother; quick, come on. Let's go to the toy store.

Okay, well let's do that then. That looks nice.

Yeah, I'm a genius! Last night I went home and told my mom that I lost the last one. Then I cried and I cried, and finally she felt so bad that she took me to the store and bought me a new one!  So everything worked out.

I don't have time for that! We have school tomorrow! And I know that Kyle is gonna show the picture to everybody during Show and Tell!

Huh? Look dude, we're in the fourth grade, okay? You know what that means? It means we don't hang out with a little kid. Come on guys, let's get back to our Big Wheels. 

Shut up, Butters.  Now, there's a way out of this. We just have to use our... ninja reasoning. 

It's okay, Kyle. It's okay. Just... say that first part again?

I don't wanna take care of Cousin Elvin!

Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Cotner. Won't you come in, please?  Mr. and Mrs. Cotner, as the mayor of Smiley Town, I would like to ask you a few questions.

...Uh we'll let you catch up to us, Kyle. Come on, Kenny. 

More people need to make use of my phenomenal gifts, huh? Ahhh, it's so very tiring.

You seen this woman, brah?  She's staying here!

I do have legal authority, your honor. You see, I was Kenny's... BFF.

I believe I have something that can help him deal with that oil crisis, sir.

Wendy, you need to calm down. You're gonna get your boobs all angry and they're gonna start killing everyone.  Dude, I'm on fire today!

Wendy it isn't fair!  I ate my underwear for you! Nooo!  Yo, what's up dawg?

That's what it's called when you milk a dog: beating it off.  Don't you guys know anything?

Gah, what the hell do his parents do to him?

Oh I wish I could exercise with the rest of the team, coach, but I've got such a belly ache.

Oh my God! Butters!  I feel kind of stupid!

Dateline. Right.  I wet my b-AAA! I touched my cousin's WEE-NUH! This sure has been fun! G'bye! 

Damn dude, you made all that money offa chicks?

Hueah. You think you're so cool, Scott Tenorman? We'll see how cool you feel after this-uh! Yes. Yes! Yes!!  Then... that...  Hahaha, hahahaha! Yes! It is the most genius plan ever!! Scott Tenorman is going to wish he never met meee!!! 

So, why shouldn't we get some of that money? We can be Token's agents. That way, we get ten percent of whatever he makes!

Oh my God! You guys have to do something!

Oh man, this is so great! We, we worked so hard to be on top! Oh, oh come'ere you! 

I beg you to give me back my money.

Goddammit, I am not a dog!  Give me the chicken. Give, give, give me the chicken. I want the chicken! Chicken!  Give me the chicken! Give me the chicken! Give me the chicken! Give me the chicken!

I get to use it first you guys!  Mom, did our digital sports watch come yet?

AWESOM-O must dispense oil waste. Where is the nearest toilet, please?

Get down! We can do this the easy way, or we can do it Dawg-style!

Kenny, get ready to turn on true-shot aura. At that moment, I will use intimidating shout.

Oh fine, go on and leave! I'm gonna find out who did this to Clyde, and I'm gonna have your fuckin' balls! Fly to Christ.

What the hell do you think you're doing declaring leprechauns aren't real?!

No.  NOOO!  CLYDE FROG!!  They took Clyde Frog! 

How can I trust you?  How can I trust anyone ever again, Mother? I guess, uh to make it through this life, I can only trust myself.  Myself and Willikins Bear, of course.

You know Butters, you make for a lousy Jew.

Heh that's right, Butters will back me up on anything. He's such a bitch.

Hey, you guys, my mom signed me up for swimming lessons at the community pool. You wanna come? 

Shut up and drive faster! I've been waiting for chicken for TOO LONG!

Oh no, no no nono, I am NOT flying in that thing!

We were wrong! I'm sorry God I'll be Jewish I promise! Please don't kill me! Don't kill me! Doooo...! 

Terrible!  I can't write the lyrics for the third act! Nothing's coming to me.

What? Well, that does sound pretty good.  Uh, Mom?

All right. Looks like I have to use my power of invisibility to get by.

Alright, alright! Quiet down! Look, we still got four days until the Thanksgiving festival; that's plenty of time to revamp our play!

Now, LISTEN to me! Hurlong kashurshar! All right?! And seriously: Hurlong kepur shung kwong!

Because we're going to make them think... we're one of them.  Here, put these teeth in!  And just say "herro" and "prease" a lot.  "Oh, herro prease." Ping pong ching chong.

Ooo, ouch, ma'am, please, let go of that tight grip you have on my balls! Ten dollars, you're breaking my balls, ma'am!

Because my eyes suck. But that doctor likes to torture me and I have to go back tomorrow, and I don't know what I'm gonna do.

We lure people in with a cause and then hit 'em over the head with the best party ever. We're gonna have pizza and cake and a sweet band!

Yeah, I feel great. Why?  You think something's wrong? 

Aw dude, it smells like Kung Pao chicken in here!

Come on, Butters, you and me are gonna try to catch Jewpacabra on camera.

Oh right, like that's possible! Alright, fine! You know what I'm gonna do, Kyle?! I'm gonna go home, and photo shop the picture so that it is your face with Butters' wiener in his mouth here! And if ANY of you say anything to anybody, I'll simply show them the picture of Kyle.  Haha, hahahaha! 

Oh yeah, I guess that doesn't make sense. 

Oh Wendy, such a desperate attempt to get out of it. These students are a little too smart to see you're just making excuses not to fight me.

Day is never finished, Massa got me working
Someday Massa set me free...

Yes I would, Mr. Jefferson. You're so awesome, Mr. Jefferson.

Wha'? Dude, do you think this is funny?!

If we sneak back inside, we can say we never left, all right?  All right, now let go of my hand.

That's not true, Mr. Garrison: Kyle was working on his fingering with his mom all night long.

Somebody's gotta eat all that bacon, Kyle. Might as well be us. Welcome to the firm. 

What about Mephesto? Are you taking care of him?

Dude, what the fuck is that thing behind me?

You guys! You guys! We can finally do it! We can finally leave this crappy town and live the life we've all dreamed of!

And another thing: it says that Mr. Hankey is also appearing at the Crossroads Mall!

All right, everyone! Forward, march!  Es ist Zeit für Rache!

Yeah, I figured. It's the day after the election, so you're probably sitting on the couch telling your little brother how great it is to live in a democratic society.  Listen, Kyle, could you come over for a second? I got somethin' I need to show you.

You know what we gotta do, guys?  We've gotta throw a big fuckin' party

Dude, I'm being seriously. You guys will be really cute together. What are you gonna say to her?

God! She didn't take this long to die.

Heh, we apparently don't say 'side dishes' at the table, either.

The Mayans! They knew that minorities would take over the world by the year 2012! And now it's happening!

Number seventeen step forward, please?  You're wrestling a Muslim immigrant. You suspect he could be a terrorist and your parrents died in the 9/11 attacks. Go!

I don't think we're watchin' them on this TV.

Hey, I'm not the one who walked around all day looking like Pippi Longstocking.

You guys. Did I mention that it has a pencil sharpener and a crayon sharpener?

I'm not sure of anything anymore.  Now Butters, listen: No matter what happens, no matter what you hear, do not come out! If I don't make it back in time with the others, then it will be up to you to repopulate the Earth.

What the hell is this?! Skinless chicken, boiled vegetables and salad?! This is just like Auschwitz!

Stop it now! Ugh-  No use, guys. He's got some sort of defense mechanism.

Coming through. Oh how humiliating.  Scuse me. Gotta go to the front of the line. Oh what shame I feel.  Oh jeez, look how fat I am. I'm just mortified, you guys. Can't believe I have-  Ay! The fuck is this?! There's a wait for the Rascal line?! He-hay! That kid in the middle isn't even fat! Look at him! He's got no right to be on a Rascal! You're not fooling anybody asshole! Walk to the back of the line!

I don't know, Kyle, all right? Look, I don't care what you guys believe. But with all the crazy stuff that goes on in this town, isn't it possible, just possible, that something I don't understand happened here?

God damn it, when are they going to air new Terrance and Phillip shows?!

No, no I was not! I was asleep, and this person just... puts a penis in my mouth without me knowing! And and took the picture!

Uh, that's cool. We're gonna leave you two lovebirds alone. The three of us have to go put in some volunteer work at the homeless shelter. 

Hey! My mom says you're not supposed to call it a penis, Kenny! You're supposed to call it a fireman.

Tourette's Syndrome? What is that, Mommy. Butthole! Titties! Balls! 

But then why would Scott Tenorman sell me his pubes for ten dollars?

Hey, dudes. Man, it's hella cold out here.

Just pull the plug on me, doctor. I don't wanna live like this.

Well...  "Nobody gives a crap about your Trapper Keeper, Cartman!"

What? But uh, why should I sue the school?

Damned straight! I just got all punk rock and got detention, you know! I'm just a bad dude.

I dunno, I just, I keep feeling like I'm Kenny. Seeing memories through his eyes.

Wait, hold on, can we take a break?

Aw, damnit!  Here! Take it! You want my heart as well?! You'll find it on the bottom of your shoes! 

And where has all the money gone? It must have gone somewhere! The answer is obvious, my friends! It is the Jews! Covetous Jews who have taken all our money and hoarded it for themselves! Hidden all the cash in some... secret Jew cave that they built, probably back in the early 60s! It is the Jews, my friends, who are oft...

Exactly how long are we going to sit around as our freedoms are stripped away one by one. It's time for us to stand together, and say, we want the government out of our bathrooms.

Wait, what? What the fuck is a sue-ance?

"Or does she?" See, that's a question. I'm asking questions, Stan! I've called for Wendy to come on my show and defend herself, but she won't do it!

That is so awesome!! Thank you God!  Oh praise God!

God bless those men that fight for their freedom. God bless those men! And God bless the Confederasah!

Don't try to talk, Peter Panda! You're gonna be okay!

Look at it, dude. You're not offering any fabulous prizes. You have to offer fabulous prizes if you want people to show up for your stupid crap. Here. 

Hey, he said I could have his pudding! Ask him yourself.  That's right, Principal Victoria. It's okay with me because Eric is cool.

Ogh! Now I'm gonna kick my friend Kyle in the beanbag and see what happens, by crikey!

Alright, alright, shh Kenny, here come Stan and Kyle. Remember, not a word about this to anyone!

Yeah. Man, that sucks about Butters.  Well, let's get going, shall we?

What? What?! WHAT?! What are you guys talking about? What are you guys doin'—What are you talking about? I knew it! You guys are having a big 99% rally, aren't you?! Occupying the cafeteria?! You wanna know why you guys are all here protesting?! Because you're pissed off, but you actually think it's wrong to be pissed off at a black president, so you're all just pissed off at ME! Well go ahead! Have your little rally to figure out how to stick it to the 1%! See what it gets you! 

Stan, would you tell Kyle that I'm not speaking with him?

Monday she's a bitch, 
on Tuesday she's a bitch, 
on Wednesday to Saturday she's a bitch
Then on Sunday, just to be different, 
she's a super King Kamehameha bi-atch!

Hello, I'm with the cubic waste department. I need to check your lowertram for inhibitors.

You, you know diabetes affects us all, but it mostly affects Scott Malkinson.

Dude, we heard the news! Your mom is from Jersey!

It is a violation of my civil rights, Token, and you should be ashamed of yourself!

No, but you've gotta cry, like this:  "My parents molestered me."  And then they'll say something like, "Was it a good touch or a bad touch?" and you say  "Uh, it was a good touch" or- no wait,  you say it was a bad touch.

People are riled up. Hopefully we can clear the air here this morning.

God, when is this gonna get to the commercials? 

Kevin, Jesus Christ!  Hard to starboard, lads! There's sure to be lots of booties out hyah!  Clyde, the fuck?!

Hello, gentlemen, ladies. My name is little Danny Pocket. And I won't take much of your time. Please excuse my tiny crutch; it's the only way I can get around these days. Ow...

Forward, men!  That, no-  No, you- You've gotta turn me. 

Here. We need you to work together, read the book and write four essays, comprende? La samaraisia.

I am not going to have a titty twister! I hate titty twisters!

Okay, well put Toby back on the phone! You guys start Googling everyone the directions to the rally site. Toby, are you there, bro?

Oh, gee whiz, I'm not.. uh watchin' television, Dad, I'm just... layin' around jackin' it.

Just wanted you to know that if you wanna steal somebody's stuff, you should look elsewhere.

Ey! Seriously, dude! Do something! Dude, stop this crazy thing!  Mother f- 

They're invitations to my birthday party this weekend.

I know. Drugs are bad because if you do drugs, you're a hippie, and hippies suck.

Yeah, well you got skinny arms!  'Scuse me. Move it.

Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, because uh, there's a little boy dying in a hospital right now who sure could use that baby more than you could. The stem cells from your fetus could help save his life.

And so to go through all that, your honor, to go through all the shame and daily ridicule, and then not to be able to take a simple shit at Best Buy?  At Besty Buy I'm sorry.  To be told by some Best Buy manager that your mobility scooter can't fit in his bathroom?  Oh God, excuse me! It's just so belittling, you know? All I wanted to do was take a dump, your honor. After all I've been through, can't I just take a dump at Best Buy?

Lose weight and make money... I tell you this is gonna be the greatest thing that Butters has ever done.

Goddammit, you guys, Butters is our friend! And he's allowed to have his opinion! Butters, which is funnier? A stupid not-funny giant douche or a super funny turd sandwich?

Hey, the fountains you guys installed are shorting out some of our lights.

Thank you so much for finally coming on my show, Wendy.

Hehe heh, heh heh heh. Dude, HumancentiPad is awesome!

You've gotta let Jimmy go, it's all my fault.

We have no choice. We have to kill Kyle.

Look at the menu. Bacon inside pancakes, bacon meatloaf, they even have a bacon sundae for dessert.

Ehey hey, how's it going bros? This is CartmaaanBrah! And it looks like we're in the producer's office in Los Angeles now. 

Stop, Tweek! This is not the time for faggocity! 

Bye! Man that's good acting. I should get an award.

Well there's still time before Christmas! Can't I still make up for it?

Hey, I was kidding. There's actually two girls hiding down there. Hey! 

We're gonna live through this! Do you hear me?!

The last two weeks we've been too busy to play video games and, look at what we did. There's been drama, action, romance... I mean honestly you guys, do we need video games to play?

But just remember that I do all the talking.

Oh, of course I was lying, Kyle. There's no Jewpacabra. Now, please, Kyle, it's Easter Eve! And if Jewpacabra smells this blood, I am in a heap of trouble!  No Kyle! No, wait! I'm sorry I couldn't help it! Kyle?! Please I'll give you money! I have lots of money!  Oh God, what am I doing?  I mean, I mean, I don't have any money! I'm totally broke!  Oh God, I am in a heap of trouble.

Papa Smurf was displeased at first,  He told Smurfette I wasn't a real Smurf and we could never be happy. But I eventually proved myself to Papa Smurf by picking more Smurfberries than any Smurf had ever Smurfed before. Finally, all was right with the world. But then, a crisis. Clumsy Smurf burst into the Smurf ceremony to say that humans had come to destroy all of Smurfland.

Oh, no! This is my Christmas present! If anything happens to it, my mom will know I opened it early!

Because, Butters, Kyle was spying on us, okay-  Kyle was spying on us, and he knows that we put the video of Craig's mom on the Internet. He found out everything. That's why I had to make another video.

Do you know what it's like to have an abortion at seven years old? DO YOU? I've had so many abortions. I just... got addicted to them.

No, it was just a dream,  my mom said so.

I'm supposed to be allowed to finish, right? Is that right?  The Jews have been persecuted across the earth for good reason, Kyle. You are a race of beady-eyed thieves who are always wan- 

Zzzzt zzzzsssht!  Dude, they won't rest until whoever is responsible is completely wiped out.

Oh, that is bullshit! Put your manager on!

Okay okay, but you you have to suck my balls first real quick.

Give the orders to pull the episode, Mr. President!

That was sooo cool! I wish we could've seen his face!

Yeah yeah no, false alarm. I, I just heard some troubling news and it set off my INsecurity.

Alright, just what the hell do you guys think you're doing?!

Dude, you can't just ask to be somebody's friend and be their friend; it doesn't work that way. If you want to be my friend, you'll have to pay me.

Listen! Parents understand one thing, and that's consequences. They need to see consequences from their actions, or else they'll never learn. What my company does is inflicts those consequences upon the parents in a very real and very direct way.

Yeah, well, three hundred gallons of poop isn't gonna smell like a garden, Butters. But I think it's coming together real nice.

Oh fuck.  Oh what's the- God damn it!  Hello?

You don't have a TV show anymore, Captain, so you can just suck my Japanese-imprisoned balls! 
I'm in a Japanese prison Lawd. 
Japanese balls got me down.

Heh, heh. No, seriously. Kyle's mom says Kyle's getting really good at fingering, heh. 

What did I do to deserve this?!  How can my own God forsake me?! Am I doomed to wander the Earth alone for all eternity?!

Ahhh, this is the best day of my life. 

Oh, and see, I didn't realize that. But I understand now how you might've felt what I said in the classroom was a racial slut. But see, I had no idea.

Thank you. The Latino culture has been very influential on the arts in America. But you don't have to ask me. You can ask my special guest. Miss Jennifer Lopez.

Well, lessee, in the last three point two seconds you've called me "fatass," "butthole," and "douchebag." I really don't feel like you guys's friend. 

It shall be a long journey with many dangers on the way.

Well, you're pretty ugly, but, you don't have to be dating 22-year olds. I mean, what kind of scumbag asshole dates 12-year old girls?

Five dollars has been donated in each of your names to the Clyde Frog Foundation. Fly fly fly...

Hey, fuck off, Kyle.  Don't let them intimidate you, Stan. I'll help walk you to the booth. And then I'm gonna buy you a nice steak dinner with all the trimmings.

I don't trust any of you assholes!  Where are you sons of bitches?! 

Well, he hasn't been here yet. Where's this? 

You know, Jesus? I've been thinking a lot about you lately and, well, that's why I wrote this song.
I love you, Jesus. I want you to walk with me
I'll take good care of you baby. Call you my baby, baby!
You died for my sins, and you know that I would die for you, right?
What's the matter, baby? You tremble at Jesus, baby!
Your love... is my life! You know when I’m without you, there's a black hole in my life! Oo-ohhh!
I wanna believe. It's all right, 'cause I get lonely in the night and it's up to you to
Save me! Jee...sus...bay-by!

Stan is such a douchebag. He just agrees with Kyle no matter what.

I know that I'm awesome and keewl, Polly Prissypants, but it has little relevance at the moment to Clyde Frog's murder!

You're never gonna get this picture! Not until my mom comes home and I can prove you had a boyfriend over heuh!

Don't call me fat! Now, you guys are not supposed to be in heuh!  You get out now and respect my authoritah!  Ow! 

I had to stay home because my mother wasn't feeling well. She has the flu, and I wanted to take care of the house so she could stay in bed.  I just wanted to catch you guys to see if we were assigned any homework tonight.

Surprise to see me, asshole?! Close the door!

Oh, so now everybody wants to meet Mr. Hankey! He's a piece of crap.

Let's see. I want that Clown Criminy game , and that Power Jim doll.  And, let's see...  Do you really like this remote-controlled truck?

We gotta get serious while we’re in our prime.

It was not a school folder, it was a Dawson's Creek Trapper Keeper Futura S 2000! And if--  There he is!

But then, who played at my eighth birthday party?

Where the hell am I?! Hey, why can't I move?!

But that's all I'm saying: today, bigotry and racism saved the day. Baahir, you get this, right? 

Yes! I've lost almost ten pounds now. You see what I mean?? I totally know how it felt to be a Jew in the Holocaust now! I have to kill my mom. It's my only way out.

Ah. Uh! I'm trapped inside Helen Hunt's ass!  Oh God, help me you guys!

Kids who have gingervitus cannot be cured.  Ah sick!  Gross!  Yeck!  Because their skin is so light, ginger kids must avoid the sun. Not unlike...  vampires.

No you wouldn't! Look, shouldn't you be serving people drinks or something?! Get outta here!  We're on our way, buddy.  Magic Johnson, here we come.

The Central Computer is wrong! You need to change his status!

Stop, seriously; you're killing me all the time.

Nah, it's just the city and e- Oh my Jesus Christ monkeyballs.  "Super... Phun Thyme."  Dude, check it out! We're only two blocks from a Super Phun Thyme! They've got video games and rides and everything!

You know, Mom, the least you could do is kiss me first. 'Cause I liked to be kissed before I get fucked!

Yeah we like hardcore stuff, we're fuckin' dudes, bro.

- of the United States of America. OUR United States, not the one Wendy Testaburger would have, a socialist dunghole -

Pass me the ball!  Pass me the ball, Craig, you stupid asshole!  Kyle, what the F?!

You can keep your hands off of Fluffy's ass!

Bolo ties are...  really in right now. Cool you have one.

What the hell is that supposed to be?

Uh, yes, I've come to return these pubes that I purchased, please?

They can't make money. It's against the rules.

Taylor Swift is dangerous. Taylor Swift is dangerous!

Dude, um, what are doing after school, Token? You wanna, you wanna hang out? 

Yeah, but I was like "I can't you guys. I twisted my ankle." In the end though, they really needed me to play, so I just played through the pain, you know what I'm sayin'?

Because we need a Jew to do the bookkeeping.  Dammit!  Kyle, wait I-  Kyle, hold on a second!

It's not just a hot tub. Taste it. Go ahead, taste it. 

Get online. I need you to check something for me.

Ooooooo, somebody's a sore loser! Clyde, I believe I said, "get the fudge out!" Which means, kiss mah fudgin' ass, go fudge yourself, fudge ya, get the fudge out, Clyde!

Okay! Now we can really get this thing underway! Places, everybody!  Where the hell is Timmy?

They mock us in Kansas, soldier. They think the South is a joke. They don't respect our authoritah.

But I'll still be getting presents this year, right?

You don't think we're any good, do you?!

Heyeah, I want to get a circumstision, too. 

Fuck you, Danica Patrick! You ain't half as dumb as me! Gas pedal! 

Well what are you saying? That, that you don't really love Christ??

What he means is that he's jealous that you've taken his place as my new best friend! But grow up, Kyle! Change is a part of life.

"It isn't safe." That's not what you said back in the cafeteria, Kyle. In the cafeteria you said Somalia was "awesome."

You just want somebody to read what's in front of them like a brain-washed zombie, is that it Mr. Mackey? I am not Gordon Stoltski, okay?! I'm not some dog on a leash that just blindly says what he's told, until he's killed!

NO. I've got dry balls. And I'm running out of time.

Of course, if you want to be Sergeant Buzzkill once again, and spoil my fun because you're jealous you didn't think of it first, well go right ahead, Kyle.

Didn't earn it?! What about all the years I spent making Grandma like me?! All the wet spit-filled kisses I put up with?! The constant smell of aspirin and pee?! Don't tell me I didn't earn it, you son of a bitch!

I know the Coon personally, and I can tell you, being a Coon friend is the very highest honor. As you can see in those papers, your first three months of dues have actually been waived. This must be amazingly exciting for you.

We have-uh repeatedly broken God's commandments-uh! We have lived our lives for ourselves-uh! Totally ignoring the Lord-uh!  If thy hand offend thee, cut it off!  It is much better for thee to enter into life maimed-

Welcome to our offices, Token. As you can see, we are quite a successful company. Did you notice the fountain? Pretty nice, hm?  Come on over this way, Token.  Guys, you remember Token. He's thinking about becoming a client.

You know what?! Screw Chef! There, I said it! Screw him! Let him marry a succubus! I wanna go to sleep. 

Yeah I saw like three of those bands down in Denver yesterday. All their crappy music sounds the same.

Where's your pass?! Show me your hall pass, brah!

Kyle, do we really have to resort to that?!

We don't give two craps about Russell Crowe, Chef. We just wanna see the trailer about the new Terrance & Phillip movie, that's supposed to play during the commercials.

Hahaha, look at kyle, brahs. he's all pissed off. CartmaanBrah!

My period, you guys. You see, there comes a time in every child's life when they grow up and nature takes its course by having you bleed out your ass for a few days every month.

Well then can we at least pull up here and get some dinner? 'Cause I like to be wined and dined after I've been FUCKED! 

Ah, and you know what else Kyle said? Um Kyyyle, he said that if we were all gonna commit suicide, that he wouldn't do iiit.

Let's go, let's go! Let's move move move move! Let's go!

What this is, is a statement against the war in Iraq. It's wrong that we still have our troops there. It's wrong! And what I think that-

You hear that, McNuggets? You're goin' to the big leagues!

I just finished planning a brilliant  li'l scheme  that should put Scott in his place for good! And if you help me, I'll give each of you... two... dollars. 

Hi there, folks! This is a heck of a storm out now! Thought maybe you could use some provisions.  There's some candles and food in there. It ain't much, but it should get you through the night. Take care, folks. I've got other houses to get to. 

Oh, it's soo completely funny!! Ahaha this is certainly funny!!

No, I didn't do a damn thing! Nothing! I told you, this school is a DEN of SNAKES! You're not gonna believe what they did this time, you guys!

My mom says there's a lot of black people in Africa.

Who's "we"? You got a turd in your pocket? I'm goin' home. I'm hella hungry!

Good evening, sir. I'm calling together all the fighters of Zauron. I need to speak with Lady McCormick.

You guys, my mom is getting a Ferris wheel.

Fuck you! Fuck you, everyone. Yes, fuck you all, thanks!  How do you stay relevant in a volatile marketplace? As you know, our goal at Washington Redskins is to not do anything, and make money not doing it.

Stan is such a douchebag. He just agrees with Kyle no matter what.

You see I told you guys!  What's the use? It just, it's hopeless! 

...I believe that can best be answered by our official spokesman, Tweek. 

My peaches, what a wonderful office you got yourself heah. Certainly got yourself a luuucrative bidness, don't ye. Well let me get right down to it theyen. Like yourself,  I am also in the slave trade.  But at the moment I find myself in a little quandary with ligal issues. Was wonderin' if you could share some secrets.

I went down to the bank and got Kyle's twenty-dollar bill turned into twenty single-dollar bills.

You guys! You guys! You guys, you gotta help me.

Because, dude, that's what I'm saying. You have the Chipotlaway so it doesn't matter.

I know, I know, but listen: Uh, let me try to explain the position I'm in here. The retarded turkey belongs to our friend, Timmy. And Timmy's the only person who knows the part of Helen Keller. So, so tell me what I can do here to make everybody happy?

Hey guys, thanks a lot for comin' to my AIDS benefit yesterday.

Ey! Don't commend me! It's the students' fault for being so stupid!

Oh my God! That meteor is the size of Wyoming and it's on a collision course for Earth.

Well. Goood morning South Park Elementary. These are the morning announcements. Tryouts for the soccer team are on Friday afternoon. That is of course if our student body president does something about our abysmal soccer field.  I have a question. What does Wendy Testaburger actually do? She is supposed to be the president, right? What is her agenda? She's lying to everyone? Or is she? Let's ask these questions.  Today I wanna talk briefly about the state of our school's economy. The bake sale last week was a complete failure. And in the school-  And besides that, who actually voted for Wendy Testaburger? I know I didn't. And everyone who did is now scratching their heads and goin' "Whoops. Guess I shouldn't have done that."  I'm not in the student council, I'm just a normal kid like all of you. And like all of you, I want to know what has happened... to my school.

Oh yeah, that one's cool.  Yeah, this part's killer. 

No, No! We don't have time for that, Stan. It's time to ask questions.

All right, you ready?  All right just- okay, open uh- okay, okay, here it comes. Just sit very still, okay? Here we go. 

He's gonna come for us, you guys. We are dead men.

You guys, I mean, seriously! Get me down!

Step on up, get them here! Mr. Hankey & Me T-shirts! Get them while they last, folks. for only $14.95! 

Yesterday, as most of you know, I walked out on this program, and on our school. I was so... fed up with our president's hypocrisies, me not being able to sell my book. I wanted to live in a place where my values were still upheld. And so I decided to leave it all behind and instead just go and live with the Smurfs.  I simply observed the gentle Smurfs at first. I wanted to understand how they could live such simple and decent lives. They were wary of me in the beginning, but slowly I began to earn their trust.  It wasn't long before the gentle Smurfs accepted me as one of their own. 

Yeah. He said you eat poop, and that it makes your breath smell like poop, and that, eh, well, you like it.

Noo! I just need to get to a toilet. See you guys. I...  habbeh... HABBEHHHHHHHHHH! 

Oh I will! And maybe I'll also have a word with the ACLU, tell them that a student is being told not to speak out against his school! I'm sure they'll find that very interesting!

Check it out, dude, I'm a space man! Space man, yehesss!

Alright! You know what? I have been here TOO LONG! I'm sick of making this stupid cartoon, and we're never goin' to finish it anyways!  Screw you guys, I'm goin' home!

You son of a bitch, your mom sucks!

HA! I'm not giving a dollar to those towelheads!

AAAAHAA! AAHAAAA! Rumpertumskin!! RUMPER  Rumpertumskin... WHY? Why did you do this??

Well all right then, fag! We can't turn back now! The path to adventure lies just beyond this ticket counter! And if you four have really come all this way just to turn back now, then seriously you guys, the FUCK?

You shut up! You're lying, and  you two are covering up for him! You know what? You're just like Jews yourselves! Stan, you're a Jew, and Kenny, you're a Jew! You're all Jews!  OW!  OW! AAAAUH!  NYAAAAAAAAAA!

Just two so far: me and Alec Baldwin.

What we begin here, we will take worldwide, until the blood of every non-ginger child has been spilled! 

You're right. You're right, Kyle. I should just tell the truth and be done with it! 

Ho ho ho! Merry Christmas, you guys! Only three shopping days until-  God-damnit!  Hey! Merry Christmas, asshole! 

Oh wow, a Jew asking for money! There's a new one.  Yuh, you guys know why Jews have glassy eyes?

That's fine, just get it out of the way...

You think you can do whatever you want 'cause your corporation is a university?!  This country was founded on the idea that one corporation couldn't hog all the slaves, while the rest of us wallow in poverteh! Screw you sahr, I'm goin' home! 

Yeah well, I don't need a partner on this.  Especially one who doesn't trust me. 

Butters, do you wanna catch Jewpacabra on camera or not?!  THERE IS NO CHRIST!

Dear guys. Words cannot express how much I hate you guys. As we fight our way northward into the great unknown, only that one thing remains certain: that I hate you guys with every tired muscle in my Confederate body. We have taken Topeka, and now I must lolly the men over to Missouri. Because I will not stop until we have won it all, and you guys are my slaves. Because, I hate you guys. I hate you guys so very very much. Yours, General Cartman Lee

Oh gee! That's a good idea! My mom isn't paying you to be a comedian!

And why did the guys send you, Kyle?

The torso he would dump into the lake. 

All right, Butters. Behind you you should see the door. Go through it and head outside.

Oh man, that's not cool! Seriously, that is not cool.

You guys, I am seriously getting pissed off right now! I know there is no such things as aliens!  Oh, God damn it!

Wu-we don't really "need" the ticket stub, do we?

Oh, I have such a pretty mother. Such a wonderful mother.

Butters. Butters Butters! Jennifer Lawrence's butthole didn't take picture of itself! It started with her! Right? Just like this started with you spying on birds! Now I'm willing to bail you out of all this, but I swear it's the last time! Okay?!

Stephen Tamil? The fifth grader?  Oh shit!  I told you to lock that door, Token!  No.  Nononono!  Where are they Kenny??!!

Yeah, I'm just hangin' out with Token. Did you know that if it wasn't for African-Americans, we wouldn't have Rock & Roll? So cool that we have a black President.  About time. 

You just had to go and be nice to Al Gore! Now we're trapped in a cave!

Come, Kyle. Do hurry.  Go ahead, it won't bite. 

You guys, the fuck? Are you forgetting how crappy your lives are?! All the homework, the rules?! Butters, do you really wanna just go back to school, where people just make fun of you?

Right, the plan. Um... Oh. Oh, my God, you guys! Uh, I just realized something.  We shouldn't be doing this. Ah I mean, look at us.  What have we become?

Alright, football night, what do you do?
Get out your camera and a boobie or two.

But if you don't mind, we're in a rush to see the new Prime Minister.

All right. Come on, Rufus. Quietly.  Oh jeez, no, no, I can't hide you all.  I'm sorry, you'll just have to find somewhere else to-  Well, I suppose I'll get in just as much trouble for four cats as for two. Come on. 

Nothing. All right, guys, stand over there and look wholesome and cool. I have a timer on this thing so I can get in the shot too. 

Ih it's not for nothing. Ih, if you're good enough, you can cheat right in front of them.

I, don't, want to go to school tomorrow.

Okay, I'll make it easy for you.  Pull the Mohammad episode, now!

Yeah, I saw it on TV. All you gotta do is call the police and say that your parents both molestered you.

Kyle, you're not hearing me! The trademark has been pulled! We can do whatever we want!

Hey you guys. This is just like that one movie, um, John Travolta and that, French chick were doing it, all summer long and went back to school and sang songs about "Greased Lightning."  You know, that movie where Sandra Dee thinks she's all prissy, and then they try and try to get an abortion, but she doesn't have all the-

No! Noooo!  Casa Bonita! Noooo!  AAAAH!!  Oh... God-damnit, I have to get invited to go! I'm just gonna have to start being nice to Kyle!

Guys! Guys?  Can anybody hear me? You guys??  Token, Token, I'm here!  Hello! Hello! Hello!  Clyde, can't you feel me?  Feel me, Clyde!  Jimmy! Jimmy, it's me, Eric!  Jimmy!  Can't you feel your hair move?! That's me!  They don't even know yet, that one of their best friends is dead.  Dead and... still wandering the earth a lost soul.

That's great! Let's hear it for Teacher being a lesbian!

Well then, I guess we're about to play a game of Chicken, General Tso. 

We could get a big scary plastic spider, and dangle it in front of them on a string... s- spooky spider, that's pretty scary.

No, Starvin' Marvin, that's Kenny's creamed corn.  No Starvin' Marvin, that's a bad Starvin' Marvin!

No! Butters! I can't let you risk it. I'll go up and get the others.

You were listening, but we didn't know you were there?! How is that not spying?! You'r a dick! You're a spying dick! And now you wanna lecture Kenny about spying?! Fuck you, hypocrite dick spy! 

I've got more friends than Ky-yle! I've got more friends than Ky-yle!

Yeah, and I'm exhausted. If you are not sleepy yet, I have some more of that nighttime cold medicine you can drink.

All right men, rally up! There's still a Mexican out there and he ain't gettin' through!  You haven't won yet!  Game on!

What do you mean, what am I doing?! Im just standing here. Jesus, mellow out, you guys.

Dude, I don't think people are appreciating this!  It was such pwnage it was almost repulsive!

Never! I'll get that triangle if it's the last thing I do!

Can't you get him to talk? I have to know who my father is.

Not at all.  "Wendy, we're gonna get you Wendy. We're your boobs, we're gonna kill you!"

Damn, I'm pretty freakin' cool all of a sudden.

Look! Look look, look. They put a little suit on him. 

Nothing dude, it's cool, it's cool. I mean, we would tell your parents to shop at nicer places, but... your mom is so poor she can't even pay attention. 

Why, thank you Polly Prissy Pants. You are my best friend. 

Guys, I think this might be a good time to discuss some business.

Oh, I'm sorry! Next time I'll just ask my fart nicely if it wouldn't mind staying tucked away for a while!

Oh, oh, no, don't worry about it, Kyle. Now I understand. I've learned to deal with intolerance. Dumbshit douche bag! And it means a lot that you're standing here apologizing with your dad and lovely mother.  Fat Jew! Jew bitch!

Yes! Yesss!! Oh, let me taste your tears, Scott!  Mm, your tears are so yummy and sweet.

¡La caca de moreno no es aquí! ¡Aquí es verde, señor! ¡Es verde! ¡Arriba arriba!

Alright. on behalf of the XBox fighters of Zaron we hereby lay down our arms and give up, okay?

We just can't get rid of you, can we, you sneaky Jew rat!

Hmm.  I can't.  I can't seem to get into your bathroom, Kyle. 

Yes. Good, Federation kids. You're learning to fight with your hands! Keep pushing, kindergartners!  Sir Kyle, I know that Sony's offering a special Brack Friday Bunduru. You know the XBox is still better, right?

Wweell, I might have been over at the Cheesy Poofs call-back, winning regional championship! 

I might have to wait for my hepatitis test, but in the mean time, I have brought my comrade from Mexico to wrestle against you!

Hahaha, no dude. It can't talk, that isn't fair, I'll laugh too much. 

Waitwaitaminute waitaminute. These... manatees demanded that Mohammad be shown? How? Manatees don't talk!

What do you mean? We're just... going to school.

Oh, that is bullcrap! And you know what I think? I think this whole thing is a setup! That's right! Kyle got this guy to say that he's a robot from the future just because he's jealous of my Trapper Keeper! And you know what else? Screw you guys. I'm going home. 

Billy, Billy, we've gotta be thinking bigger here! It's time to expand!

So how long until we can joke about it?

And so, even though I think it's a tough thing to do right now, I think maybe it's best for everyone if we make room to allow Bebe to be our new fourth friend.

That's an interesting question, Kurt. But first I'd just like to say that I really hate this kid named Scott Tenorman. He's stupid.  Yeah, I hate Scott Tenorman too.  I think all the guys in the band hate him, right guys?

Ey! You son of a bitch! I'm gonna kick you square in the nuh-  I'm gonyanya, uhnyuh, uhnyuuh, nyaahh 

No! No! As a matter of fact, I will not hold! I've been on hold for thirty-five minutes! Well we want some Goddamned answers, that's what we want! Like why did you show that smut instead of the Terrance and Phillip conclusion, you asshole?!

The brown noise! Kenny and me found the brown noise! Here, look! Look.  There, okay. Let's see here.  Right there. Okay. Okay. Ready, Kenny?

Guys, if we're gonna impress the mall owner and get that gig, we'd better&lt;/&gt; do it better than that.  Next!

Really? Uh, I don't think I have to fart anymore tonight.

Kyle! Get out of my flashback, you God-damned Jew!

Well, you can call leader 'til your ass bleeds, but that doesn't make it true! 

And now, for a look at the weather, here is Token Black, and Token, I hope there's no tornadoes headed our way.

Alright, well, you gotta take over the telemarketing for a bit.

This is it, Kyle. You and me. We're throwin' down. Right now.

That sounds cool. Maybe I'll go to that.

I went home to alter the picture of me with Butters' penis in my mouth to look like Kyle, but it was gone!  What did you do with my picture?!

Yeah, we'll call the police and say you molestered us, too.

Hey yeah! We can make a little animated Santa Claus and Jesus, and it can star us instead of these little round-headed guys!

Thank you, Rumpertumskin. And what do you think about me, Clyde Frog?

Dude, if God is all-understanding, he wouldn't send us to hell. Even Sister Anne told me that.

You are a race of beady-eyed thieves, Kyle, who throughout the millennia have squirmed and worked your way into the dark cubbyholes of society.  Where exactly did the Jews first get their power and how are they able to manipulate our minds today?

Well it's not my diarrhea's fault that you took us all ziplining, you fuckin' Jew!

And then, and then he, he took off the shop goggles, and he was all like, "Whoa, I'm back."  Damn it if it's not the awesomest thing ever!

Fine! We'll see about this, you freakin' Jew!  I'm gonna get that feeding tube removed if I have to go all the way to the Supreme Court! 

Yeah! Get your big gay ass off the couch and come be our scoutmaster again!

He used to be fat but not no more 

What the hell?  Kenny, get out of here!

Is there anything else I can get for you?

Uh... 'Cause I'm just like you guys. Uh-I'm one of you.

Hey bros, what's going on? This is CartmaaanBrah! Be sure to subscribe to my channel if you haven't already, 'cause subscribing makes you feel good! Uhh, so today I'm gonna comment on Call Of Duty. More specifically, I'm going to comment on my friends commenting on Call Of Duty, so let's start. 

Tweek, Tweek, you can always go on welfare. Look at Kenny's family: they're perfectly happy being poor and on welfare. Right, Kenny?

I've just ID'd a Muslim and his MySpace page does not check out. You've got to get these people out of here now!

I HATE YOU! I WANT YOU TO DIE! DIE!!

Oh, well, let me take this disk up to the Enterprise and see if Captain Kirk can decrypt it. 

All right. Nice, fellas. Nice. 
I need you in my life, Jesus.
I can't live without you, Jesus
And I just want to feel you deep inside me, Jesus.

This is for your own good, Brother Kyle.

I'm starving. This is it. I'm going to die here.

Handle it? For two billion dollars I'd handle my grandpa's balls, sir.

But, Mom, I've been trying to get the picture back, but he won't give it to meee. 

God damn it, they didn't do anything to my ass! It was just a dream!

Whoa! That totally surprised me!  I can't believe how the show manages to stay fresh.

I got a jelly roll! I got a jelly roll! 

Well then, I wish you both well in your new venture. Good-bye. 

They're all movin' pretty fast, but I'll catch up to 'em, by crikey.

Student atholetes. Hoho, that is brilliant sahr. Now, when we sell their likeness for video games, how do we get around payin' for our slaves uh- "student atheletes" then?

We're on our way to Casa Bonita! We're gonna be there very soon. You're gonna love Casa Bonita, Stan. There, there's this one part where you can dress up in Old Western clothes and get your photo taken in a fake jail.

Ehyeah, sure. Ah I do crack and pot pourri, and queazies

Oh, hey, What's goin' on? I'm uh, here for the party.

It's Adolf Hitler costume. Sieg Heil, sieg heil.

That's true, you guys. When the chicks at school see how gay we are, they're gonna be all over us.

My name isn't important. What matters is that... the answer is in the pyramid.

No, but most of them are. And all it takes is most of them.

This is a bunch of crap! I've been licking this carpet for three hours and I still don't feel like a lesbian!

Kyle, the PlayStation controller sucks and you know it!

Ugh. Eh. Maybe all these changes are good for me. Maybe...

Everyone equip healing potions to the hotbar if you haven't already. Uh, Kyle, go ahead and cast Arcane Brilliance to raise our intelligence.

Yeah, I've sneaked into Kyle's room lots of times.  You think HIV is something to be laughed at, Kyle? Well...  let's just see how funny it is now, asshole. 

I'm going home for a minute. I have to go to the bathroom.

What's that supposed to mean? Kyle?  Kyle, no! I apologized, Kyle!

Yeah! And look! They ride around on turtles and they play games with fish.

Stan, me and Kenny don't give two shits about stupid-ass whaaales!

Hello, Precious. Yes, that's a good Precious.  Now it takes the lotion from the basket.

All right, uh, everyone review the section on sportscasters forgiving the Patriots for cheating and saying it was no big deal; I'll be right back.  Melita! Melita, hold on.  You can't quit now. Come on, what's wrong with you?

Toilet paper! Cover her house in toilet paper.

Hold on you guys. I actually have another power. I can see into the future too, but better than Kyle. Let me try it.

Okay. I want the whole world to see how much you love my farts. Plane leaves tomorrow. 

Hey, that kind of looks like... Tom Selleck.

No, that was a jakovasaur. It's okay to come in. 

You were right, Kyle. A ginger cow. I shall never question your keen intellect again!

You guys, guess what? After I'm on television, I'm gonna be totally famous.

You know goddamn well you are not Jennifer Lopez, so stop pissing me off! 

Look Kyle, if there's even a chance that Billy Mays' soul is not at rest, then I wanna help however I can.

Yeah. Here you get to eat all you want for only $6.99. That's why we all come here on Tuesday nights, except for Kenny's family 'cause to them $6.99 is two-years income.  Why is your family poor Starvin' Marvin? Is your dad an alcoholic too?  You see Starvin' Marvin, these are what we call appetizers.

Ah, I can't believe that son of a bitch!

You guys, look here.  In this Nancy Drew mystery, Nancy goes to the beach and gets sand trapped in her shoe. This could explain how Kyle got it in his vagina.

More specifically, I'm going to comment on my friends commenting on Call Of Duty, so let's start.

Ahall right dude, this is pretty sweet! .

I don't think it's funny! This place is overcrowded, smelly, and poor! That's not funny, that sucks!

Were is Timmy?! He's on in one minute!

Let's see: each ticket is a dollar, so three tickets is like two twenty-five.

That they should bring back Chicago Hope for another season? Totally.

You know, there's really only two seasons here in South Park: Winter, and July, heh heh heh. But, but um, seriously, South Park has always been a place of discovery for me...  Ey, you sons of bitches! Get back here! I'm having a god-damned distinctive honor!

No, no. Polacks aren't that funny dude. Try somethin' else. 

If you were our friend, how would you keep us entertained?

God damn it, I didn't have an anal probe!  Screw you guys, I'm goin' home.

I wasn't sleeping, I was just thinking really hard!

And this photograph I took of a sunset near the power plant. Note how the contrasting images make a statement about our impact on the Earth. Which brings us to my last picture. Ahem. This picture you may find somewhat... controversial. 

Casa Bonita, here we come! Casa Bonita! Casa Bonita!

You go and send away for more sea people from the magazine ad! Get at least five gallons of them here stat! Stan and Kyle, you go find a bigger fish tank to them all in.

I'm not fat, I have a different life choice.

Look, I think I can explain everything. You see, my friend Stan here is an oversensitive animal lover. He's got a boner for this goat, a-

I can't go with you guys right now.

Thank you, Clyde. Uh, I'm afraid it's true.  I secretly videotaped the girls in the playground yesterday using my Wellington Bear video camera . I caught the following images on tape. I warn you, this images maybe be too shocking for young children.

Well, there is the nice French café downtown. Maybe we should get some Faith Hilling pictures there.

You guys, come here.  This is totally awesome.

This kicks ass, you guys! John Elway is my father! 
My father is John Elway, my father is John Elway
Deedun, Deedun.

I was with my class, and we got all lost in the rainforest, and I need some food. I'm fading fast!

I just wanted to remind you that I'm gonna be on television tonight, so be sure to watch.

Who the hell would burn Kickstarter to the ground?!  Oh my God! That weird little Jewy guy! Kyle!

Oh yeah! Oh yeah!
Oh wicky wicky Wild West!
Shelly, guess who's busted!  Hey! I said, guess who's busted!  Eh, you're not gonna trick me, I've got the goods on you!

Oh! This has gone from weak to superweak! Things cannot get any more weak for me.

Today we will discuss one of the fundamental ways to cheat: getting material ahead of time.  When Bill Beelichick cheated for the Patriots, what did he do? He videotaped the opposing team's defense. Think of the defense as your test. When taking a test you must also videotape the defense. Learn what's on the test before they give it to you. And that way you can- 

Hey! I might have been still-born, but at least I got better!

Hey! Do you guys remember the time I found out who my father was?

Uh, yes, we'd like one order of the City Beef.

Well what's the difference?! You love Christ, you're in love with Christ, I mean, uh, what the heck is this??

You are all very bad kitties! That is a bad, bad kitty!

But, I'm sure I helped come up with the joke. Didn't I?

Don't know what took me so long, dude. All I needed was a few extra pounds and the insurance company paid for my own private one! See? It's got a basket in front for my candy corn Oreos. 

Huh, I guess you're right, Butters. All right, come on. 

Aha! I knew it was a turd trick, and I opened the door because Mr. Kitty is on his way right now to my mom's party with the picture!

We should have never listened to you, Kyle.

Mr. Garrison? Why do poor people always smell like sour milk?

Butters. BUTTERS. All right, all right Butters, fine! I have a way that we can get rid of all the drones.

Wow, cool! Wait a minute. The fuck?! Why would you do that? Unless... you're trying to trick me somehow.

Alright Butters, sit down at the computer.  Now drop the suppornity window! We're just gonna make it!

Yeah, I love these Salty Chocolate Balls, Chef. 

We're all gonna need a lot more calamine lotion.

Now, either you stop with these faggotronics or we'll find someone to replace YOU!

It's mine! It's mine, you hear me?! I got it out of the cave; it belongs to me! Keep your greedy hands away!

It isn't fair!  You goddamned assholes, it isn't fair! 

Who wants to argue on a nice day like theees? How about a little pickup game?  Hey paisanoo, can you keep score for us? 

What's the big deal? You guys, they just made fun of the religion of an entire group of people.  What, you guys think that's okay?! Do you care at all about people's feelings?!

We didn't do our homework, Ms. Makesmesick! We didn't feel like it!

Okay, okay, hold on, I'm finding the catnip. 

I easily could have cleared another thirty or forty.

That's cool. I just... I just wouldn't go over there  if I were you guys. I just took a huge dump.

That is bullcrap! You are denying our rights as children to totally rip on that kid and make him or her feel like an outcast!

Listen, my money is as good as anybody's! Don't you, uh, discriminate against my people by not accepting these pubes.

Oh really?! Do you just believe everything you're told, Kyle?

Don't give up on Faith Hilling, Kenny. Don't you give up on her.

Hey, it kind of looks like Mr. Garrison.

You wanted to see me again, Principal Victoria?

I'm not pouting! I just heard all these jokes before!

There's only one alternative, you guys. We're gonna have to eat a calf.

We can't go home, we have to take Fort Sumter! 

Goddamn,  I hate that Cochran guy! If he was in front of me, I'd be like, "Hey! You stupid son of a bitch! You-- How... How'd you like me to kick you in the nuts?!"

Oh God damn it! Son of a bitch idea-stealing assholes!  You sons of bitches! Dances with Smurfs was MY idea! MY IDEA!  You can't just take Dances with Smurfs and call it something else! 

Hengh!  Of all the times for people to decide to stop buying things, it had to be the week that Grand Theft Auto 4 comes out for Nintendo DS!  Hengh!

Baby?!  Well, at least I don't get my ass kicked by a girl!

If that's what it takes, yes! We have to talk to the network! The Family Guy writers aren't gonna back down!

Sit down Mom, we need to have a talk.

Well, I guess we'll have to roshambo for it. I'll kick you in the nuts as hard as I can, then you kick me square in the nuts as hard as you can...

Shut up, dude! I'm trying to watch TV!

We have to find that detonator! Let me have time with him!  You will tell me where your son is!

There's fear and darkness all around you
The criminals are on the run
No use in not having your hall pass
I'll take you to the principal 'cause I'm the Dawg
I am the Dawg, the big bad Dawg
The Hallway Monitor!

I'm like, a quarter-bi. My grandpa was bi, so that makes me quarter-bi.

But I'm not g-I'm not gay, you guys!

We have no choice, you guys. We're just gonna have to kill Kyle.

All right, you guys. The Moment of Truth is here. It is time for our final battle. Everyone, log in!

If we are staying here, then I want to know what is going on. Don't forget, I know who you really are...  Mitch Conner.

Sort of like Tiffany, yes. Can we audition?

I said I will only talk to the President!

Okay, okay, fine. I I just, I just, ...my first idea. That's why we have these consultations.  Okay, okay, lemme, lemme see here. Uh. Oh wait, oh this is nice. How about this: uh, we'll lure your parents out of the house, and then we'll kill them. Uh, we'll cut them up into little pieces and feed them to the dog

All I can promise you is that this is going to be the most memorable Passover ever.  "Cartman's Passover Holiday Special", starring, THE JEWPACABRA! 

But then, right when I took the picture, Butters got really hot, so he pulled his pajama bottoms down, and then I tripped, and, fell down, and my mouth landed right on his penis, and, then I thought of something funny, so I smiled up at, the camera and gave like a, thumbs up, and, and then Kyle took the picture from me, and he's gonna show it to everybody, and make them think I'm gaaaaaaay. 

Take your stupid Ants In The Pants with you! 

Alright guys, now that we're all here, I think... we need to have a difficult conversation. It's obvious that Bebe is the like the coolest, smartest, most awesome person we've ever met.

Alright, now keep working with me here, it's getting a little complicated. If you eat food and crap out your butt, then maybe, if you stuck food in your butt, you crap out your mouth.  Hm?

Do you really think I'm that stupid?! That I believe all of this all along has been me living out some kind of virtual reality fantasy? Fuck you! 

If Jakov and Hope don't have kids, their race will become extinct.

Look, you morons, Slash clearly has a fan club, right?! So just go to the post office, and find out where the mail gets in, and then you'll have Slash's home address!

Oh what a perfect night for fighting. Lo, the moon sets upon the tips of the trees and I, the man known as the Rad Russian, start to stir with the excitement of violence.

NO KITTY, BAD KITTY!!!  Hahaha, you-hoo suck, dude.

I don't wanna be a stupid scary ghost!

That's awesome, Butters.  Keep making your way down the hallway. Your vital signs are looking good. What do you see now? 

I read Treasure Island, because I was so happy when I saw that movie.

I'm putting on a new condom. I filled the other one up.

Hahahahahaha. Hey, you guys, I can see Kenny's pengling, hahahahahaha.

What do you think Kenny? Would that make you feel better? Huh? Come on, where's that smile? Where's that smile, Kenny? I think he's smiling you guys. 

Guys! Guys! I've been workin' on it, and I think I have some answers.

If we can hold on to the night.
We've got to find our way together...

Yes, sit down, mother. We are all having a tea party.

Kyle, I have a full day of watching TV tomorrow. I don't have time to go on a poo hunt right now, okay?

...Nnnoo. Guys, when I said we're gonna get the next gen gaming systems, I was obviously talking about XBoxes.

What if I were to tell you that if we all worked together there's a way we can get the new gaming system.

I think I just need uh two, maybe three buckets of KFC, extra crispy, probably ...four cartons of gravy.

You guys!  I have accepted the reality that I am just a computer program. The fact is that one of us right now is in a room wearing a VR helmet seeing all this, and it's not me!

Yaaaay!  Oh cool, look. A Ben 10 Wrist Rocket! This is exactly what I wanted for Stan's birthday! What'd you get Stan?

I'm preparing my speech for when they call me up to congratulate on me on my discovery. "Thank you, Mayor, for this distinctive honor..."

Oh Jesus, not you guys?  What happened? Were you bit? Did you eat their brownies? DID YOU EAT THEIR BROWNIES?!

Compensate yer blake fluid an' git yer, git yer... b-brake workin' so you can stop sometimes.

Why don't you stay the fuck out of my business?!

...It's not okay! Defeating the Chinese won't mean anything if we do it by going around shooting people in the dick!  God damn it!

Because I don't want a chick watching me go poo!

If you would, sir, just watch this and prepare to be wowed! 

Don't worry, nobody can see us wearing black.

Nobody is going anywhere until the police arrive!

...Kyle, you are the sweet one. Will you please just cooperate and not--

Yes! We've had a new time machine built: this one out of a simple microwave oven and a duck  Au revoir, teacher! Perhaps we shall see you in the past, hahaa. Gentlemen? 

See, I didn't read it either, but I saw the puppet show version up at Casa Bonita. We have to do something about this! We need to organize a rally! 

You know, you guys are totally wrong about Tweek. Craig is way worse than he is. 

Kyle, don't you think I wish I could? I'd give anything to be normal like you. KIKE.

But I hate the eye doctor. He always makes fun of me for being fat.

You guys, you guys!  I took Kyle's twenty dollars down to the bank again, and I got it changed into quarters!

Not that second one from the left; she had it goin' on! 

Don't call me an asshole, you som' bitch.

Mr. Cartmanez is here to make sure you all get into collehhhge

I'm killing you. But unfortunately I could only afford a Wiffle ball bat, so it's gonna take a while. 

Goddamnit, you can't stand here and eat KFC in front of me!  Now hand it over!

No, I'm seriously! Because, um, I was, I was talkin' to Craig, and Craig was all like, "Hey, did you know that in World War II they really HAD concentration camps?" And I was all like, "No way!" And this little light went on in my head like, "Aw man, no wonder Kyle thought what I said in the class, seemed like it was directed at his cousin." But, but I was literally talkin' about a concentration camp, you know, where you go for a week to learn and focus, you know. Oh, mahan.  What a misunderstanding, huh? 

--way; Set an open course for the virgin sea
For I've got to be free, free to face the life that's ahead of me
On board I'm the captain, so climb aboard...

I'm not pouting! I'm just... sensitive to fireman jokes 'cause of 9/11 and uh, uh... fuck you Kyle!

That's because I was having these bogus nightmares all night long.

She wasn't looking at you, buttlord, she was looking at me!

I wasn't trying to get you in trouble.

Yes! Yes help me! Yes, help me I'm just a little boy! You have to help me!  Oh, oh, oh. 

All right! And now I will use my power to...  turn Kyle into a chicken! Bleh! 

Kyle is right, Ms. Lopez. From now on, we're staying away from Ben Affleck.

I got a call-back for the Cheesy Poofs song!

Kyle, it says right there: Rule number 3. Crack baby players cannot receive compensation of any kind for their playing.

Just go, Butters. We're running out of time.

That's right, and that means only two more months till Christmas! You'd better watch out, you'd better not cry—

For the past five days I've been looking out into space for a school project. This morning, at 3:45 a.m. I... caught first sight of something terrible.

In time, Kyle. You certainly are eager for balls, aren't you? Are you ball-famished? Balls-starving? You see, Kyle, I wonder if at this moment you are actually- 

Looks like the... pan flute music is driving away giant... guinea pigs?

Yeah dude, I think your dog is gay.

I didn't feel bad before, but now I just feel terrible.

Well, on his left arm, instead of a hand, he has…

Don't try and make me feel better, you guys, it isn't... Wait, wait a minute. Why would you guys be saying stuff to make me feel better? Unless... unless you do think I'm cool. 

Yeah.  This one's yours, Stan. This one is Kyle's. This one will cover up Wendy's hooters... 

Hey you guys, I am really pissed off now.

Buh. Hurry you guys. You gotta get me out of here. 

NO! No I don't wanna live in your world, do you understand?! Your world is cold and devoid of any humanity! Just kill me! Kill me now! DO IT! 

Doing good, Ms. Jessica Parker! Just hang out, right there.

Yeah yeah yeah yeah, we're here for the cock Magic.

We can't let her get away with this!  I think tonight we need to do something drastic.

So where the hell are we going to get a dead body?

Hohoho! I won a million dollars!! Whew! Ow!

You're all just saying that to make me feel better.

Yes, yes, thank you thank you. Praise Him. I think we're ready to start now. 

No! Dude, we gotta go to the wave pool first. It's so dope, as long as there aren't any minorities.

Hup. Did you hear that? It sound like some diarrhea coming out of someone's mouth or something.

Sir Stan, I was hoping I could talk to you about the wedding.

Remember Butters, you must get that future-telling device from the girls at all costs! And just roll with it if they start lezzing out.

Oh my God! Jenny Simons crapped her pants!  Did you hear that?!  It's WAY worse than Pete Melman was!

Yup, looks like I'm gonna be rich.  And famous.

Hey Stan, where'd you get that black eye?

Well, you... could make them... go away for a while.

Hello, puhree! Puhree hello! Hello, sucky-sucky! Hello, puhree!

That co- ugh.  That could be difficult, Brother Kyle. But alright, listen: Why don't we sleep on it? If we decide to leave the faction, we can... do it in the morning.

Oh, I'm sorry, but I thought we were at war with these assholes!

Has anyone heard from Butters and Scott Malkinson? The fuck are they?

You're a ginger, a Jew, and from Jersey! Three strikes, Kyle! You're out!

Oh, you guys sure are going a long ways to try and scare me. I want my Salisbury steak!

What? Hu- How can you feel bad? Somebody else is gonna pay for our crime.

Hey, dick-whore. I guess you saw the commercial, too.

Everybody's gonna be sooo jealous when they see my Chinpokomon. 

Just remember what I taught you and follow protocol. Next number to try is on the list.

Well, that's fine. I guess you don't care about what Tweek said about your mom.

Yeah sooo I'm thinking of water feature here, you know. get the sound of running water, yeah kind of Zen it out.

You forgot your neurons would be torn apart?! Did you also forget that if you die in virtual reality you die in real life, Butters?!

Oh, please, Chinpokomon dolls are so last week.

Aw dude, look, there's Craig! Heheh.  Craig's mom is taking off her clothes.

I must say I agree. If this copy of The Lord of the Rings is tainted, it would not be safe in the wrong hands.

I'm not fat. And you obviously like her because you throw up every time she talks to you.

What did I tell you about removing the headset when you're not back in the access hub??

Token, stop giving Tyler Perry money or he won't go away!

Well ah, loosen up, you bloody vaginal belch.

Two weeks isn't enough. I'm not over our teacher's tragic death. I'm still sh-shooken up.

I thought you weren't supposed to run around with scissors.

Oh. I uh... well I ah ah  I'm just... I'm just mad 'cause you should never use the term "fag," Kyle. That's a hate word. And it's insensitive to butt pirates. Anyway, what do you think about the Coon, Stan and Kenny? Do you think he's the savior this town needs or do you think he's a dangerous vigilante?  Kenny?

Over here!  Yeah it's here! It's here! The Nintendo Wii... I've waited so long for this. 

But I'll have to sing the Cheesy Poofs song for that talent va-a-an!

Hey fags, what's going on?  Dude, I was on the toilet all night from that chicken. I thought I was gonna die. 

Stupid? PSP is stupid?!  Did you all hear that?  Uh I mean, I mean this isn't about PSP, Kyle! This is about my friend, and his wishes. And Kenny said he didn't want to live like this!

Well, you spend eight years takin' a crap and then flushin' the toilet; it sorta becomes a reflex! Please, just help me bust out of here.

Well, okay, fine. Unless you don't want to get her pregnant, then you pull it out and pee on her leg.

I'm afraid that my powers... are not for sale. ...And by that I mean they absolutely are for sale. Let's go!

Dude, I think that Mr. Slave guy might by a...  Pakistani.

Haven't you assholes been watching the news?  Pirating is back, my friends. Swashbuckling adventure on the high seas! The stuff we've all dreamed about! And it's all happening right here:  Somalia.

Shhh, it's okay, Butters.  Nobody's gonna find the election ballots.  I have them hidden away somewhere... nobody would ever look.  A place in town people barely even know exists.

My mom says there's a lot of black people in China.

Let's see uh, can we get number thirty seven to step forward again.  We just wanna get to know you all a little better. What can you tell us about yourself?

Hold the sign up, Kyle!  Higher, Kyle!  Okay.  Here we go. 

What? What happened you guys? Is Kenny okay?

Waitwaitwaitwait! Fine, 20! But just remember that your parents think that you're in the drug rehab center next door! You blow your cover and we're both screwed! 

You can't just "hit" a drum, you have to beat the shit out of it!  Shut you butthole, or I'll kick your ass, you fuckin' drum!!  That's how you rock, dude.

Alright, Clyde Frog. We just gotta clear the counselor building and we're free.  We did it, Clyde Frog! Now the only question is, do we go home to our traitor moms and friends, or do we start a new life on the run?  An ice cream truck! Hey wait!  Boy, am I glad to see you!

I can get those at K-Mart! If you want me to switch sides, you'll have to do better than that!

Don't fight it, Kyle, it will only take longer. Just slip into sweet unconsciousness. 

It is?  Really? Oh Mommy thank you! Thank you! 

I'm asserting myself. It's tough love. Just like my Mr. Kitty. When he's bad I say, "Uh that a bad Mr. Kitty!" and I smack him on the head!

Uuh, that's, that's fine. I know how to get us out.

Looks like you're about to get pwned.  Heeyeah! 

No! My wife, Token! Token, that's my wife!

I'm gonna find a cure, Kyle. I swear to God I'm gonna find a cure.

Eheh, you know, heh, your sister kicked your ass.

Oh, the tears of unfathomable sadness! My-yummy.  Mm-yummy you guys!  Yuppitibut, that's all, folks! 

Well, there's a whole crappy band here!  Can you hear them? Here. Can you hear them? 

Line? Lines! I HATE LINES!!! Can't you go on something else right now? 

That's cool. I'm done making my video anyways.  Hall pass! Show me your hall pass!

Gentlemen! I hate to break up the party, but I believe we have a fort to take.

You... well... I know you don't think you've... ever been anybody's friend, but, well, you're a friend to me.

It's sooo amazing!  You spin this thing on the ground and it goes 'round and 'round. I could watch it aaall day!

No, Kitty, it's mah pot pie!  Mom! Kitty's being a dildo!

Aw crap! You mean everyone knows my wiener is smaller than everyone else's because of me?!

Uh uh come uh, come on, guys. Just one little drink. Uh a toast to how far you came and all that you saw.

Alright, well maybe I can help you, you know, we can totally write some stuff together.

I am saying this because we must be saved-uh. The Lord is powerful and he will smote the sinners and send them to everlasting hell-uh. If you do not live your life for Him-uh, then to the lake of fire you shall go-uh! 

Well, I dreamt that I was a poor Vietnamese girl, and then you guys made me ride a big, scary bull, and then Leonardo DiCaprio gave me a spankin' for several hours.  Eeyy, where did you guys win all those Terrance and Phillip dolls?

Boyarrrgh!  Ike Broflovski! You littering my hallway, brah?!

All right Butters, I've seriously had enough!  Jesus Christ!  One please.

Excused? Oh, oh but we are in the middle of class. 

All right Butters, we're here.  Are you ready?

Jimmy, you really believe that you came up with it all on your own? Oh my God, wait. I totally get it now.

I'm fahn. Just a lit-  No big deal.  Beh.

Don't you have better things to do than going online killing people?!  No! I don't want them to start over at the graveyard!  No! 

Tchehe, right. That's why it's super funny to me.

I'm not sure if his heart is in the right place. If he were to ever...  switch sides,  it could make Stan's army problematic for us.

This is bullcrap! I am not following this stupid hippie around anymore.

Aw, man, if I was older, I would totally start jacking off right now.

My name isn't Eric Cartman, it's Eric Running Water. Now, can I borrow your bike, or do I have to kick you in the nuts and steal it?

Why does Grandma have to live so far away? Why don't we just stick her in a nursing home closer to us so  I don't have to drive six hours to get a god-damned present?!

Really? Well then, I suppose that making the votes public IS the right thing to do. I can get the ballots for you. But if I'm gonna smuggle them here, I'm gonna need a blaster and a tauntaun.

I have a solution, you guys. That guy can kill us so easily because he's a super-high level, right? What if we were super-high level too?

Oh really. Ten thousand subscribers and counting, brah!

North Africa. Just picture it, guys: clear blue water with skull islands. Waterfalls and jeweled treasure underneath.

But  Mo-o-om, I have to write these lyrics so the plight of Helen Keller can be realized by the common man.

"SORRY"?! YOU GAVE ME AIDS AND YOU'RE "SORRY"?!

I'm running a business, Stan. Are you my eleven o'clock?

What do you mean? This song is sweet.

Can't go on... need... appetizer... eh...  I'm sorry, God, I'm sorry I mocked poor people. I'm sorry I wasn't more sensitive. Please, Please God, uhh.  Heh, my god has forsaken me. Eh, err.  Huh, I wonder what's in here?  SNACKY CAKES!! MMMM!  Sally Struthers?!

I have the address of the house the terrorist moved into. I'm almost there now; where are you?

I don't know, I'm kinda getting a tingly feeling looking at these. 

Don't be so quick to throw off your ninja responsibility, Kyle.  Now, come on guys, sure, it's easy to be a ninja when everything's going your way, but it's times like these, when the chips are down, that a ninja shows his true character.

You, it's fucking hilarious! Now can you shut off my INsecurity please?!

I'm back own the track.  What the... Kenny! What the hell are you doing?!

Oh oh oh oh! If we could get, like, eight of these, we could dress them all up like little beavers, right, and then put 'em in a pond, and see if they build a dam! 

Because he has the God-damned ticket for the-!

Yeah, dude, they aren't gonna give us what we want!

I don't know what you guys are talking about! That scared the crap out of me!

Well that's what you get for being a douchebag again Butters! You gotta take your medicine.

Mom, gimme, give me some chicken; I want some chicken, Mom!

Great, I love crapping in a toilet with no rim on it.

The makers of Chinpokomon are going town to town and putting on a special camp to show all the Chinpoko Masters how to destroy the Evil Power.

Kyle! Kyle! Get the... Get the- Kyle! Kyle, dude, that was- that was in the balls! Dude, serious- seriously! That was in the balls! No hitting- No hitting in the balls!  Kyle!  Quit it, Kyle. Give it up, Kyle!  Okay... Okay! Okay okay!  You win! You win. I give up.  Hahaha! I had my fingers crossed. 

I am trending so much that soon I will reach... trendscendence. Like Johnny Dep, but cool.

Stan? I'm gonna be on TV tonight. Be sure to watch. 

That's Kyle the Jew again, talking about Call Of Duty to Stan.

Are you guys nuts?! After everything we've gone through!?

How are we supposed to make money on the Internet?

Dude, the Simpsons have done everything already. Who cares?

KISS MY ASS!!!  Oh, weak, you guys. Seriously weak.

Dude, how come when we play baseball I have to be the catcher? 

God, I hate you, Kenny.  I have to get another knife; this one's hella dull! 

Okay, okay, hold your horses! God!  Mom, it's another Stark's Pond creature!

Shut up, Conner! How about I shove this flashlight in your mouth?

This came out of you?? You just left it in the trashcan?!  You shouldn'ta done that. He's just a boih. Poor little feller.

Alright, fine dude, you don't have to add any friends. You can just be like Kip Drordy

Now go! Go out into the night and take non-ginger kids from their homes! We will eradicate them all with cages and tortures and a pit of lava to thrown them all in! Now I am not gonna live my life as a Goddamned minority! Are you with me?!

All right, this one I can win!  Here, hold this!  I'll show you Goddamned retards! 

Sweet, there's still cops looking for us in here. All right, follow my lead, Butters.  Hohoo man, hasn't this place been fascinating, Butters?

"Ooh, I don't wanna dig up my dead grandma 'cause I'm such a goody-two-shoes!"  Ow.

Ho ho, that's a good one, Ping Ling. Hoho. So ah where were we? Oh yes, the invasion pran.

Check it out guys, she's taking o- Oh my God, we've got full bush!

Listen to me carefully, Butters. The Oculus Compromise has been streamlined. You can't trust anyone in this reality. Say nothing to no one about the Oculus Rift. If you think they know, they will kill you.

I wasn't picking it-I had an itch, for cryin' out loud!

Jimmy! Hey Jimmy, wait up!  Dude, uh I need your help on something.

Stay- stay back! Nobody moves, you got that?!  Don't... touch us! We know what the Chinese are up to! We saw the Olympic Opening Ceremonies!  The gig is up! Everyone just s-step over to that wall!  I mean it! Butters, hold this gun on them. 

It's like a Sasquatch, only more elusive, more ferocious and a little more greedy.

No you, you can't do this! The KFC in my town is closed too!

Nnno! Get off, you stupid rats! He's not dead yet!

Yes. So my plan is to use this whole Mohammad thing as a way to scare the network into pulling tonight's show. I'm going to use fear to get them to do what I want.

You're God-damn right I have a problem! Terrance and Phillip is on and I don't have anywhere to sit! Now what the hell is this?!

Okay, you do what you want, guys. As for me, well, you're a heartless backstabbing Jersey boy, Kyle, and I shan't be playing basketball with the likes of you.  And I'm gonna start crappin' on your doorstep a lot more!

I believe the people at home see he's NOT in pain because he's a tomato!

And now, for a quick celebrity check, here's Butters Stotch.

Oh, I'm not gloating. I just got a little call from a record company in Los Angeles and, they want Ms. Lopez to recored an album next week.

Yeah you! In the park this morning?! "I know, let's all go ziplining! We've never done that before!"

Ahem, how's it going brahs? This is CartmaaanBrah!

How stupid are you?! So help me GOD Butters, I'm gonna get you back for this! I'm going to  GET YOU BACK! 

Its over! I didn't feel anything! You were right, Mom!

I wasn't looking as his schlong, I was seeing how to put the condom on!

Oh, yes, hello. I am helping out a family who has a missing child, and I was wondering if you could print his photo on your milk carton? 

That son of a bitch. He's gonna show everyone that picture. Only twelve hours from now.  That's it. I don't have a choice. I'm gonna have to bring Mom in on this one! I'm just... going to have to tell her the truth.  Ow. OW. OW!

And that was about everything from first grade. Then last year, well, you can't tell anybody about this stuff, right?

You guys, we have to bring Christmas to those less fortunate!  Now come on!

My mom is so poor she waves around a Popsicle and calls it air conditioning. I wish I could be put in a kewl foster home like Kenny's familyyy.

No Butters!! If you come up, you'll get infected too! You best wait for the radiation level to go down. Probably... next week sometime. After Saturday. Ugh...

So our only solution is to cut off their life force.

I'm looking for this teacher! Is she in your room, brah?!

What kind of smartass thing would I say, Mr. Garrison?

The, the thing is, I totally said I was sorry, but she still wants to beat me up. 

Please don't call on me. Please, Jesus, don't let him call on me.

It was crazy! Scott was just talking about how he needed to take his insulin shot, and out of nowhere Butters said he's sick of people with diabetes feeling sorry for themselves. Scott told Butters to shut up and Butters just started whaling on him!

Hm. I don't really see the irony in that, Kyle. 

I'm gonna do whatever I can... to get that episode pulled before this gets out of hand.

Don't have a dad, Mike. That's not gonna work.

I thought you were just trying to Jew me out of my part of the credit, but now I realize that... some people just have egos that are so out of whack that no matter what people tell them, they can't accept the truth of who they are.  Jimmy, I owe you an apology. I realize now you can't help believing you created the entire joke, because your ego won't let you think otherwise. I just have to accept that.

Butters?! Butters, I think I'm here! 2419 Castillo?!

Jakov, I want you to meet my friends.

I think that's what the whole world needs, praise Christ.

See? I told you guys it would work.

Right. I guess I learned today that sometimes you-

Wow, I get it now! I get it!  Whoa, here it goes. I wish I could go back to my time. To my time, to, to my time.

Can I have the yellow with a side of white?

Clyde Frog! Clyde!? Clyde Frog?!  Clyde. CLYDE FROG! 

What's wrong with me? Let's see. Uum.  I hate you guys. You're hella stupid.

Your family's black, Token! There's bound to be a bass guitar in your basement somewhere! 

The interface is pretty cool. See, I told you guys, it's really a... it's a seamless interface.

Yes. E-e-enjoy your freedom, gentlemen. Soon, you will be my properteh. Come, Kenny. Come fight for us, and I'll make sure you get lots of plunder and womens.

Hold on, Kyle! This is seriously an amazing gathering place where people from all over the world can share their thoughts and ideas.  Okay, that's a dude jacking off, but... 'Kay, dude jacking off... Penis... Penis... Penis penis penis. Ah! Here's a guy! Hey dude, how's it going?

That's super-interesting. But I've been out living in the streets for almost four hours! Make me something to eat.

Well, I mean, you... could... call the police and have them take your parents away.

Alright Mom, how much money do you make? Like gross yearly income after taxes?

This is awesome, Butters! You really think you got something?!

Stinky britches, you got stinky britchesStinky, stinky britches, you got stinky--

It's my Goddamned house, now get your bitch ass on the floor! 

Okay, that's it!  Screw you guys! I'm going home. 

Yeah, that's where I requested to be sent.

Look out, everyone. There's some killer titties on the loose.  Could've swore I heard them coming through the roof.  "Pssht! Officer! We need to get an APB out on those titties! They're armed and dangerous!" 

It didn't smell that bad; you guys are overreacting.

Another morning. Waiting for the run-down school bus to take me to the run-down school. But today is the day I finally have the guts to do what I should've done a long time ago.  Nobody notices what I have in my front pocket. A little surprise for them all.  I'm prepared for this, but still I wonder.. Will I have the guts to go through with it? Damn right I will! 

Why don't we just talk about the swastika?

All right, major stone shield potions should be...Oh God, I'm going to have diarrhea again. Ohhh...Duuuh...

Brrr brrr! Brrr brrr! Oh, excuse me, everyone. That's my cell phone.  Hello? Oh yes, hi, Colonel Sanders! Yes, I'm doing great, but you know, heh, someone at American Idol doesn't know who Wing is.

Maaaa. Mah mah mh.  Hmmm, 1776. When our Founding Fathers created America. I wonder what it used to be like in those days?  In those days? In those days? In those days?

Yeah, but nobody told us how we had to do it. We can have Thanksgiving stuff and music numbers, too.

What's it look like? Hundreds of thousands of votes from all the swing states.

Butters will give hand jobs in the corner for a dollar.

But I don't want Kyle to get well. I hate Kyle.

Yeah, we're gonna use him to help raise money in our bake sale.

All right, bring out...! The other male cat. 

Is that something I'd want to do? Is the Pope Catholic? And making the world safe for pedophiles?

Too bad it's usually a dreidel or something lame like that.

But, you can ride anything you want. And you don't have to wait in line.

Alright, Mr. Worf. Then reduce speed to forty-five and maintain distance from those police cruisers.

One of the cops is Chinese! Son of a bitch, how high up does this thing go? We can't trust anybody here, Butters!  Don't come any closer! We have information that that we will only trust with the President of the United States!

I was always told that... we lived in a country based on freedom. That the one thing that made America different was that government could never barge into our lives unwarranted. But it's all changing, isn't it? Ever since Obama was first elected, it's all changing.

Puhah! You guys don't follow Eavesdropper?   It's a Web site about all the students in the school! 

Fine, Kyle. I guess it was inevitable.  Let this be our final battle.  Ow. OW! Stop it! Kyle, that's too hard! Ah!  Ugh. Kyle! Stop it!

Oh dude, I just got the best idea

Heh, okay, okay.  You know, some people say there's no proof that second-hand smoke kills. The tobacco companies say there's no proof that second-hand smoke kills. I've just been diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. I guess... I'm the proof. The next time you want to believe that second-hand smoke doesn't kill, think about me. Because, by the time you see this commercial, I'll be... dead.  Dead??

He said he had to go back to his homeland, and then told me it was none of my business and to keep my fat mouth shut.

Alright are you ready to try this, guys?

I'm just gonna take them off as soon as I leave!

Oh dude, I'm, I'm right next to you. 

Oh okay, that could be a while.  All our men are ready. When the mall opens, blow the whistle. We'll rush through the doors and lock the Sony dorks inside. Alright, now I really do need to take a shit.

Well, I guess we'll have to roshambo for it.

You're damn right! One point two inches! I'll have you know that my penis is a respectable 1.4 inches! Maybe it's still the smallest in school, but it's .2 inches bogger than you said!!

My uncle is the second-in-line to be manager at Gart Brothers.

Yes, and then we can begin the cleansing, if you know what I mean.

I wasn't saying anything about their culture, I was just saying their city smells like ass.

So what's your plan? You're gonna ask the president of the network nicely to take it off the air?

No no! You listen to me! I have Chinese attackers here! And Chinese supporters! If I go outside, there are more Chinese ready to take me down! Defending America is all that matters, Mr. President! And I will stop at nothing! You understand that I  What happened?!

"I hope that one day America could be more like Endor, where the Ewoks live. Endor is very cool."  Mom, answer that! "They have trees and Ewoks, and barbecues, which is why I like Endor more than America. It's cool." 

Twenty million? Just to go to the dumb moon?

Goodbye Butters. I must be going now. I'll be looking down on you from time to time. Have a long, fulfilling life, Butters! Goodbye! 

Okay, WiFi+3G, 64 gigs. This one, this one!

Digging in our heels and pissing on public opinion us what the Washington Redskins are all about!  Now come on, guys! If you wanna be a successful business, then you have to be honest about what you are!  Once you take a stand on something, you're pretending like your company is about more than money. Then all of a sudden you're the NFL and and your players get caught molesting little boys!

You're very smart, Kyle. But the truth is, as long as you have that Kip Drordy loser as a Facebook friend, people view your friendship as a liability. You gotta dump him.

Not go to Mr. Jefferson's anymore? Well, excuse my French, Mrs. Marsh, but you can suck my fat, hairy balls! 

Oho, looks like we've reached customer service, brahs. Now we can truly be everywhere!

...Don't listen to that Jew, Kenny, it's totally funny.

Kyle, I want you to check his buddy list. How many MySpace friends does he have?

Do you have any idea how much fun we can have with this thing? We can spy on everyone!

God, you are such a pussy, Stan! You're such a pussy! When I hurt Wendy, it's gonna be on your fucking head! 

The Black Jackal. Karate Kick Panel Force and bendable neck-

Don't try and deny it! You're one of them, dude. And by my account, that's strike three!

You're my dad, Chef. Chief Running Water said - you got together with my mom at the Drunken Barn Dance.

Yes, and then Family Guy is as good as dead.

That Goddamn traitor! You know why Kenny's doing this, right? Because he wanted to be a princess, and I wouldn't let him!  I said, "You can be a chick, Kenny, but there's only one ruler, and that's me!" 

Kenny has no idea what you're talking about, dude.

Finally, my wish of going public with my illness can come true.  Goddamn Jews! Suck my ass barf! 

It's a strong name, dude. It's like agressive and masculine like Boner Forest, but Boner Forest was taken.

I don't know, dude. I'm not supposed to have any male friends that are over 30. I kind of screwed on that once.

Mr. Thompson, you have to call off the Clinton rally! There's a terrorist in South Park!

You have to start doing more, Mom! What are you doing with your time?!

whatwhatwhatwhat?  Oh, it's Stan and Butters! Trying to take my kidney, are you?!

Goddammit, vegans piss me off! Now we're gonna end up with a stupid eagle or a faggy bobcat as a mascot.

'Kay, thanks, I... Wait! Hang on a second! What do you mean "That's all right"! What if I was somebody trying to rape my mom?!

Psst Butters. Butters!  At the end of PE class, tell Nichole that the gym teacher wants some towels delivered to the boys' locker room.

What? That little bitch beat me in the ratings?! Oh HELL NO!

Good-bye Mr. Hankey!  Bring me lots of presents!  I always believed in you!

Hey dudes.  Ha ha ha ha! Look at Cartman and his stupid glasses! Ha ha ha ha!

Mr. Hindsight, I represent some very high-profile people,  and I've been asked to give you some really exciting news.  You, have been pre-approved to become the newest member, of Coon and Friends.

The Founding Fathers want you all to know that we can disagree all we want, as long as we agree that America kicks ass.

Well actually, Butters, I think we'd better hit the hay pretty soon.

Yeah, have a seat, Tweek. We all need to have a talk

Well, you told me I had to review my homework before class started.

Mm, succulent and juicy.  Can we have a free sample of these, too?

No! This is a trick! Do not vex me, O temptress!

You have to shoot him, Butters! He's gonna warn all the Chinese and they're gonna kill your parents! Do it! Do it!

I've got it. We could kill Butters, and then float the calves on a river of blood.

Okay, Tweek, let me tell you something: You've been our new friend now for two weeks, okay? And I've gotta be honest with you, it isn't going well.

So, you've brought me 400 lbs. of teeth from China.

You guys are blind! I can't believe that everyone here is just buying into what they're told by the media!  I'm gonna go find out the truth. I'm gonna blow the lid off this whooole 9/11 conspiracy once and for all! 

You have to get out of here! Jennifer Lopez is gonna kick my ass again!

They're not gonna stop until we're all dead!

Heh, it's only about a thousand times better, am I right guys? Come on! We have to tell everybody fast! This is gonna be so funny!

JUST GIVE US SOME FUCKING CANDY!  It's Stan's stupid Captain America costume! That's what's throwing everybody off! How are people supposed to get that I'm the Hulk when Captain America is on freaking FaceTime?! 

Stupid asshole!  Yes, hello. I'd like to speak to the president of XBox, please... The president of XBox, like, the head of XBox... Fine, CEO of Microsoft, whatever. Put him on. I need help blowing up PlayStation people... Eric Cartman. I'm a wizard and a king... A wizard-king, yes... No, I'm not king of wizards, I'm a king that happens to be a wizard.  Just put the CEO of Microsoft on the phone!

Hey, you know, I heard you were doing some thing down in Denver tomorrow night.

Don't you fraternize me! This is all your fault, you know!

O-kay! Let's see heuh. Haha! Um... Aw, damnit!  AAAAH! 

Perhaps a reward is in order. Gold? Frankensteincense?

That's Kenny with branches on his head.  Why did you bring me all the out here, you guys?

All right, here's what we know. That chick Nelly is the one who's in charge of holding the list, right. She apparently keeps it in a purple Pee Chee folder, and we need a plan to get it from her.  This is what I call "Operation: Cannot Possibly Fail" 

Does that mean we only have to pay one sixteenth attention to you? 

Haha. Oh man, that was great. Okay, go ahead. I'm all out of farts now.  Gahaaa! Derrr!

You guys, calm down. This is what TV shows always do. They make the last commercial break the longest.

Yes, well, hopefully you've learned your lesson! I've come back, but there's going to be some changes around here.

It's okay. We have reason to believe it hasn't spread yet.

Shut up, Craig! This is very difficult! You guys win, alright?! We'll all play on PlayStation 4s! We still think XBox is the superior machine, but you got too many people on your side, and then Kenny became a Japanese princess.

Well, God is gonna heal those eyes, and save you from the devil begone! 

Oh, here we go. See? I told you! If you're so caring, Kyle, why don't you share some of your Jew gold with the people caught in the flood?!

There's a way! There's a way to find out who had sick-ass head cooties! And I'm gonna find it! 

How do we trap a bunch of pirate ghosts?

Come on, Stan, it's mine! I'll roshambo you for it! 

Okay. Where were we, Kenny? Oh yeah.  "Quick, Captain, we must destroy the Gengrin across the fire." Give me the space cruiser. Give it, Kenny. M'yah!

Who'd you expect? Maury Povich? Golly, you're hella lame!

Well, it's all done. My soul is at peace. I think... I can go now.

Well, come on! I don't have much time! 

Could it be I... only lost the race because I somehow wasn't poor enough?

Okay, fine. Butters, you cover my mom's head with a pillow and Kyle can shoot her in the face.

You have exactly five seconds before I start dropping serious apple juice farts on your face! One!

Kyle, I hate you so much. You are a liar and a swindler who would do anything for money, and I-.

Many of you knew Kenny McCormick. He was a playful school-going eight-year-old. And then yesterday, he was  smacked down by the Lord-uh!  God bitch-slapped him right to the fiery depths of hell! So when will you go? Tomorrow? Ten years? Does it mattah?! No! Because unless you give this life to the Lord, that life belongs to Satan-uh!  But we cannot worship God in that church where that priest of sin resides,  so we will build a new church-uh. With crystal walls, a ceiling 80 feet high, and a slide that connects this part hmya  to this part hmya.  Who will help us?

Butters, do you know how many times Jewpacabra has been shot on video? Zee-ro!  I can't do this alone, please. Help me prove to the rest of the world Jewpacabra is real.

Well, I'm sorry, I had to take a dump!

You know, Stan, I'd say your dad racksa disciprine!

I am the Dawg, the big bad Dawg!

Oooo, interview with the vice-President, hmmm. Frankly, Jimmy, I don't know how we're gonna fit that in between cheerleader pie-eating and Who's got Skidmarks Monday.

Copy that, Hawk Eyes. Keep surveillance tag Alpha Niner. Dragon Wind out. 

I wanna roll with him a hard pair we will be.
I don't give a crap 'bout whales so go and hug a tree.

Yeah, Kyle's right. Screw it; we have better things to worry about.

God Damnit, would you shut the hell up?!  Nobody gives a rat's ass.

Oh, I'm sorry. Am I making things uncomfortable for you Stan? It's your fault me and Kenny are in this mess!

Very well. Yea. Guys, let us walk to mine home and see what mine mom wants. 

Yes. They are safely concealed in the depths of my ass.

Right. That's what your supposed to get for my birthday.

Yeah, dude, look at it! It says right there: "Eric Cartman, 1.2 inches"!  Why would they tell everybody that?! They wanna measure my wiener?! Fine! But don't put me on blast!

Oh yeah?! I'd like to see you try, asshole! I'm like six feet tall!

Back away, guys, this is for the safety of all of us.  Sorry Kyle, but you can't be trusted.

Yes, very nice. Apparently, these are the pirates.

God you are sooo cool. Alright bro, I'll catch you at recess.  Fist bump. Fist bump, bro. 

Ow. Quit it, Kyle! Leh- Kyle! Let go- Okay okay come on, time out. Kyle, time out! Time out! Time out.  Time in!  I d-ow! Uh. Ah. Sh-gah. Okay. Okay. Time out! Kyle t-time out! Time out! Time out! Time out! Time out!

We have no choice, Butters! We have to lock you away somewhere where even I can't get to you!

It's the best choice, and me and Butters are sticking with it.

Oh, please Craig, we're ten times gayer than you!

Oho! So you indeed me and my Mission Impossible Breaking and Entering playset!

Well I just ran to the school and told everyone, "Hey, there's a redheaded cow outside; you should all see it."

Two people with asses for heads. Ever since I saw them I can't laugh at anything.

Yes!! Yes, I DID IT!! I crapped out my mouth!  I crapped out my mo-outh!  You owe me twenty bucks, dickface!

So does that mean I'll never laugh again?

Thank you all so much for coming. I realize that Clyde Frog's death is as shocking to all of you as it is to me.

Well, nothing. Crack baby players can't make a salary, based on the rules.

Nah-ah! I'm just a better debater than you guys!

It's all you could afford?! Whoever heard of a squah-o-lantern, Kenny?! That's hella stupid!

Okay, that takes care of Token, Clyde, and Mr. Kitty. That's eveyone, I guess.  All that leaves is you, Butters. Butters, I'm sorry if I ever did anything to hurt you.

That explains it. Why I'm having Kenny's memories all the time. His soul is inside me.

But  I'm gonna need your help.  Can you get psyched?? Are you gonna get  psyched up??

I have to think about... planes dropping bombs, and dump trucks, and self-serve ice cream...  Oh, that did it.

Oh, son of a bitch! I knew it! What the hell are you doing, Stan?! I'll tell you what you're doing! You're trying to steal MY best friend!

And now it can use Wellington Bear calculator, too.

Yeah, we learned how to make cakes and muffins for our bake sale.

Hahaha, getting nervous, Kyle? When that leprechauns shows up you must suck my balls! Don't forget I have a signed contract from you. 

Eheh, thank you Butters. We'll let you know.

Dummy, you don't ask if you can go! I'm telling my parents I'm staying at Stan's house, Stan's telling his parents he's staying at Kenny's house, and Kenny's not telling his parents anything, 'cause they're alcoholics and they don't care!

My mom has muscular dystrophy. In her boobs.

Can't I just stay and... look at the sign a little longer?

You're asking me to simply ignore a kid who - excuse my language but I have to be harsh here - a kid who shits in his pants in front of everyone - to just ignore that so he can have a normal life?!

Aw, God damnit, you gave him one of your gay little speeches, didn't you?!

"To Douglas." There you go.  Book signing today everyone, be sure to pick up your copy.

Ye-yeah, a little- Butters! Get back here right now!

No. NO! Must protect the border! Everyone's gettin through! No! Clyde! We're losing! Kyle go through! Oh no, now Stan's through! And Jimmy! It's over! The only Mexican left is Butters; we've got...  Butters!  Hey! Wake up you guys! Wake up, losers!

...Okay, that makes sense. Mine is going swimmingly, too.

I can't wait to see the look on Kyle's stupid face when he sees my iPad has more memory than his!

See? He's tattling again. He hasn't learned a thing you guys. 

Oh, gee, I wonder who's mother that could have been?

Wait, you guys! I just had an amazing idea. Token is going right to the top, right. I mean, he's gonna be a huge star.

You wanna throw down, dawg? I'll throw down.

Here. We got you some sticky cinnamon buns. 

It's not a fabulous app! It's fuckin' stupid!

Aw, yeah, Butters, you lose, sorry, tough break.

Yeah. I do understand, Kyle. I've been doing the wrong things for a long time. Doing things for my own selfish reasons. I just wanna do something right, you know? Just this one time.

What are you waiting for? Go kill them, Worf!

Put this on. We have to stay hidden from here out. 

Ohohoh, totally, brah! So sweet. Being in charge of stuff rules! CartmaaanBrah!

Weight Gain 4000, it's helping me bulk up.

Yeah well, when a man has been wronged... he no longer cares about danger.

Thanks, Wendy. Don't call us. We won't call you either, heheh. 

If anybody calls or comes over, I'm not here, okay?

That's good, because right now, all the Jewness is comin' out of your body, bein' replaced by the Spirit of God-uh!  Theah!

No, not like Juwanna Mann, Kevin, okay? It's way cooler than that!

But Jimmy, some fat turd is taking credit for something he didn't do!

Sorry guys, I gotta go. The world needs CartmanBrah. 

What are you doing?!  You have to listen to me! You can't sweep this problem under the rug!  The town is in serious danger! 

Oh, well, thank you. I believe strict discipline along with compassion for my students is catamite to their learning.

I'm just here for an eye exam, all right?! Keep the fat jokes to yourself!

Everyone's gonna be charitable and give money to your family instead of buying Christmas presents!!  You fucking Jews ruined Christmas again!!  AAAAAA!! 

Hey Stan, how was your date last night with the new kid?

Beth found out they have a room at the Airport Hilton. We need to search it. Here's the hotel!  Beth, tell Leeroy to pull up here!  All right, let's go! Move out! 

Jews.. ...play stupid games
Jews... that's why they're lame.

Well, there's everything, Butters.  I've made everything right.

No, but you got everyone all worked up! You're always jealous of the Wall-Mart. You always hated it.

Jimmy, you've always been my favorite standup comic. You've gotta help me. I've lost my sense of humor.

The Special Olympics? What's so special about them?

No, it's okay. You guys go on ahead.

Alright, I'll start. I'll kick you in the nuts, Kenny! 

What's up, Wendy? I thought we were meeting early to fight.

...What?! We made a deal, Larry! I brought them all the way down here already!

I don't know, but it works. When I wanted to get rid of my mom's last boyfriend, I just called the police, and said he was molestering me, and I haven't seen him for three months.

Thank you Your Honor. This isn't a victory for me, this is a victory for the justice system. And my balls.

I learned somethin' today. This country was founded by some of the smartest thinkers the world has ever seen. And they knew one thing: that a truly great country can go to war, and at the same time, act like it doesn't want to.  You people who are for the war, you need the protesters. Because they make the country look like it's made of sane, caring individuals. And you people who are anti-war, you need these flag-wavers, because, if our whole country was made up of nothing but soft pussy protesters, we'd get taken down in a second. That's why the founding fathers decided we should have both. It's called "having your cake and eating it too."

You guys, we're free! We haven't a care in the world!

Make it go away! I hate Barbra Streisand! I hate her! 

Kyle, this is the way the world works! If you wanna find some quality friends, you've gotta wade through all the dicks first!

Well this sucks. Looks like I'm in the principal's office for just commenting on things.

Dumbass, you don't wanna be grounded for three weeks, do you?

See? You're scared. Because you know if you say it a third time, he's gonna show up and shoot you in the face. 

I don't have a choice. Somebody has to get into San Francisco and warn Kyle's family to get out before the storm hits.

Dude, he's gonna fart on his head again.

We got you a present: it's a Gobo fighter.

Butters, I had to!  Okay, I had to put it on the Internet!

I'll tell you what's wrong! I've been waiting 500 years to play the Nintendo Wii! And if I don't get to play real soon, I'm gonna bust a nut!

Kewl, thanks Kyle. Oh, and Kyle... Happy Passover!

Dude, he just cast Psychogenic Probe. Now every time the other rooster has to shuffle his deck, he loses two health.

Yes, I'm here to apply for the NSA job?

Kyle, when have I ever ripped on you for being a Jew?

Du-dude! You're doing it all wrong! Let me handle this.  Alright ya scalliwags! Surrender your plunder and let me send my shot across your bow!

Oh yeah?! I'll bet you five bucks that when you die you crap your pants, asshole!

God only knows the horrors that go on in girls' slumber parties. Let's just hope Butters can survive it.

You're welcome!! Now leave us alone!!  My fellow gingers! I envision a world in which there IS no hate! A world where everyone is ginger! And so, we must gather together every child who is NOT ginger, and exterminate them!

Yeah, but you still shouldn'ta done that. 'E's just a boih.

I agree. You know what, you guys? We should go to the concert anyways and see Phil Collins.

Nobody told us if we win too many games we'd go on to the finals!

You're helping Craig make his show?! I can't believe you would betray us like that! We've always been supercool to you! 
"Hahahahahaaahaaa! We're gonna do a news show, and you can't do it with us, because you are too poo-oor, and poor people don't watch the new-oos! Nyanyanyanyanyaaanyaaa!"
Ah whatever, Kenny! 

Alright! Places, everybody! Bring in the turkey!  What the hell is that?

Wow. What a day this has been. I was on TV, and, I'm a hero. 

I'm just trying to engage Wendy in a constructive dialogue about breast cancer awareness, Mr. Garrison.

Oh, here comes the unholy butthole now. Ey! Thanks a lot for burning everything down, you little bitch!

Luckily for us, my mom is a total lush.

Alright, everyone scatter and look for the seamen. Tweek, stay by the door and keep a look out. If you see anybody coming, say the code word: Hammertime.

You just build me up to chop me down, didn't you?! What about my dream?! What about my money?! 

And if I'm going down, both Kyle and Kenny are definitely going down!

Alright, alright, I'm sorry I almost got you guys all raped. There.

There's bound to be some crocs up here. I'll use my croc call and try to bring 'em out. Brigeghus, brigeghus! Brig-!

But where could they be? Where? And why would I care so much about the election results? So may questions, Kyle. So... little time. 

Two hundred and thirty dollars?? I just want you to vacuum him out of me and not put him up in a condominium! 

Ugh. UGHuh.  I can't do it! This is waaay too much material for a nine-year-old! 

Yep, sorry. You're gonna have to come down and admit it was you. 

Dude, Butters is an asshole, and he deserves to be taken down once in a while, okay?!

Butters.  You just couldn't keep your mouth shut, could you Butters?

Thank you, Mrs. Garrison.  My speech is entitled "Ginger Kids: Children with red hair, light skin, and freckles."  We've all seen them - on the playground, at the store, walking on the streets - they creep us out and make us feel sick to our stomachs. I'm talking of course about... ginger kids.  Aww sick! Gross! Ginger kids are born with a disease which causes very light skin, red hair, and freckles.  Aw, nasty! Yuck!  This disease is called Gingervitus, and it occurs because ginger kids have no souls.

I know you didn't love our audition. But now we have a video.

Yeah, du-I can't do anything until it's done.

You guys go on ahead. I'm gonna... stay here, wait it out. 

Token, the truth is that without representation, you're in danger of being taken advantage of.  Uh uh, excuse me just a second, Token.  Super Awesome Talent Agency. Oh yes, hello! How are you, Abraham Lincoln?  Yeah, yeah, no, I'm happy you called, Abraham Lincoln. I'm just sort of in the middle of something right now.

Wendy, I wanna start by asking a pretty straightforward question, and I hope you don't take offense to it.

Oh, huh. Oh, geez, you know, when you're laughin' so hard that the milk comes out your nose? Uh ho ho, man!

We're putting up movie posters, Kyle! The premiere is tomorrow! But since you walked out on the video, you don't get to come! 

Hey, I was just about to do it.

Good, Kyle! That's good anger you're showin' there! See that?! That's emotional character development based on what's happening in the storyline! Not at all like Family Guy. Now, if you'll excuse me, Kyle,  I've got some idea balls to remove from a manatee tank.

Cheer up, Kyle. I'm sure this isn't the first time someone who thought they were suffering for humanity was actually just sucking farts. Hey. How about we get a little dessert, help cheer you up? 

Okay, guys, eh... If you'll excuse me, I must be going now. 

Dude, I'm telling you it was fucking hysterical. Clyde had to get up in the middle of class and follow his mom home to put the seat down. He was so embarrassed, dude, I thought he was gonna die.

We'll give you one calf, if you give us... some guns and ammunition of our own.

Ohh, he's taking out his penis. Okay, next guy...

Yeah. I've gone through every student in the school, and I'm pretty sure now that Kenny's gone, the poor kid is Craig!

Guys, I want you all to meet Jeffrey Maynard. He's South Park's biggest expert on musical theater, AND, he played the lead in Les Misérables at the Denver Community Playhouse for five weeks.

Ohhh, Ms. Broflovski, how are you this fine evening?

I don't care, 'cause I'm the one that's gonna get in trouble if you don't-! Okay, okay, wait, okay um, fine fine fine!

There's lots of computer-generated boars in Warcraft that die with just one blow.

Isn't it possible I just want to learn more about the Jewish faith?

No, Paula Poundstone! Leave me alone! Eyuh! Uh? 

I don't have a problem, Principal Victoria, the cisgenders have the problem. 

All right, this way, Butters. Just follow the sound of my voice. 

It's time to celebrate, yeahIt's time to celebrate, yeah

That does it! I'm gonna get Scott Tenorman once and for all!!!

Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy, even though what she's saying now isn't interesting at all, you say, "Wow, that is very interesting. Please tell me more."

I had Beth check out their Travelocity account.

Are you saying that what the Bible says isn't true?

You just can't declare that imaginary things aren't real! Who are you to say what's real?! Think about it: is blue real? Is love really real?

He-yeah, that's what Kyle's little brother is all right!  Ow! 

Yeah. I thought we only played on Fridays.

That does it! I'm calling my mom right now, and bustin' your ass! 

We're gonna have a big, mature party at this hotel, and I can invite all my mature friends that I want. And that means I'm gonna invite everybody! Except for you guys! Nyanyanyanyah nyah nyah! Nyanyanyanyah nyah nyah!

I'm sure they're just holding it 'til the very last scene.

The Jonas Brothers? Dude, Kenny, what the hell is wrong with you? 

Yeah, Kyle. Maybe you think this is funny, but the rest of us don't.

Ey! Wait a minute! I didn't find out who my father was!

You are so lying! There's no disease called fuckin' Assburgers!

But if I hadn't called you in the first place to check out the Muslim, you would have just stayed in bed sick all day, right?

The city isn't what it used to be. It all happened so fast. Everything went to crap. It's like... everyone's sense of morals just... disappeared. Bad economy made things worse.  The jobs started drying up. Then the stores had to shut down.  Then a black man was elected President. He was supposed to change things.  He didn't.  As more and more people turned to crime and violence the town becomes gripped in fear. Dark times. The city needs protection.  There is an animal that lives by night, searches the trashcans and cleans out the garbage.  To clean out the trashcan of society I've chosen to become more than a man.  I'm the hero this town needs. I am...  the Coon!  As the world plummets into despair the Coon fights to keep order intact. 

We be headin' to Somaaliaa. By way of Miami to Cairo. And take care o' you put us in an exit row, you land lubber!

Okay.  Here we go, pack of chewing gum. 

That-s al- Oh, Cupid Me!  Sick! What the fuck have you been eating?!

Agh! You see guys, this is why you don't bring Jews along on the away team: they don't play along!

We need two tickets to Los Angeles as soon as possible.

We've got to get them back together, you guys. They could do this to us.

It's regarding Family Guy. I demand that the Mohammad episode be pulled before it airs tonight! It's incendiary, it's offensive to Muslims, and people can get hurt! It's wrong! It's WROOONG!

I can't handle it anymore. All the fame and the Ben Affleck spooge, I... I just can't go on living with Ms. Lopez.

Well this is fucking lame dude! Let's get the hell out of here, guys. 

Your blood is tainted with the three J's! Jewish, Jersey and Ginger! Admit it!

Wait! According to that scale, I still have a small wiener!

Look asshole, this is a real emergency! Just pass the phone to whatever Garrison wants to call himself since the sex-change operation!

It isn't a story, it's true! I saw a leprechaun. I've seen him come through here three days in a row now.  Hawk Eyes, this is Dragon Wind. Do you copy?

My eyes are going bad, but the only eye doctor in South Park is really, really mean.

Guys, we shall slay the Ringworm and take his bounty of treasure!  For that is the way of the--

Well, screw him, he's dead! Let's go look for crocodiles! 

Yes. Tell me again exactly what you plan on doing with it?

It's, it's simple science. Look: When hippies start to nest in a new area, it draws other hippies in. With the right weather conditions and topography, it can lead to a music festival. One that last for days, even weeks. Reggae on the River, Woodstock, Burning Man, they will all pale in comparison to what we're looking at now. In my professional opinion... I think we're looking at a full-blown hippie jam festival the size of which we've never seen. 

Uh-huh, suck it out of a hose, yeah.

Platinum album! Platinum album! Gotta make a platinum album before Kyle! 

I would never kill somebody... not unless the piss me off.

No way dude, my mom says God hates gay people. That's why he smote those sodomies in France.

Och! Well, I guess now we see just how supportive friends can be! When the chips are down you won't even lend a hand! I'll just go sleep on the street somewhere!  Out in the cold! Probably get mugged and gang-raped by some minorities! You guys'll be sorry when I turn up dead! 

Look, I want some Goddamn answers! You brought my friend here to Washington! Where is he?! What is going on?!

I jump the homeless professionally. If you can get me a skateboard, I'll try to jump that homeless crowd and save those people.

Yeah. Lucky for me the otters believed I was on their side.  Do me a favor: next time I'm in a recessed biocave, don't send me a level 2 homing call. 

All right, you guys, this is it! When the attack begins, all warriors click on defensive stance. Everyone else, wait for Craig to cast his intellect buff.

We could shove a stick up her ass and use her like a puppet: "Rowr, rowr, I'm scary Grandma!"

Token forfeits!  Whites win!  Whites win!  Race war is over, everybody! Whites won again!

Well, Shelly, he's 22. What, what were you doing with him anyway?

And where... pray... is our beautiful trick performing turkey?

You can't win this, guys. Look around you. Lay down your weapons, and you can come back and fight for XBoxes with us on Black Friday.

No! No, you don't wanna kill me. Please, I'll give you anything you want!

You see, in this world, things aren't... what they seam. 

"An oscillation of sound that causes the bowels to loosen." See? That means crap your pants. "The brown noise is believed to be 92 cents below the lowest octave of Eb." What does that mean?

Leave?? Leave?? But nobody else knows the part of Helen Keller!

Yes. The fireman is very magical. If you rub his helmet, he spits in your eye. 

I am Captain Cartman and this here be my terrible crew! We be lookin' for a ship to pirate with

Candy-shopping sprees have that effect on people, Kyle.

All right, you all login from your computers at precisely 7:30.  We will meet here, on the plains of the elven forest near Westfall. My friends, to victory!

Guys, listen up. I really need your help this time. I've thought about it a lot and I've decided I have to kill my mom.

You don't get it Butters! Our lives are about to change! The Chinese outnumber us a million to one. And when their army gets here, they're gonna kill your parents!

Dude, this is boring. This is just a bunch of walking around.

Okay, that does it!  Screw this, I'm goin home!  Talking poo is where I draw the line!

The bitch isn't ginger! She's just using makeup to look ginger! And pretending to be ginger with makeup is the worst thing anybody can do!

Just one more rose left, Kyle. Who does it go to?

Oh Jesus, eighteen hours. We're running out of time!

Then you know what it says happens to those who don't follow the Lord-uh.

Hey, this means we can still make the costume contest, you guys!

Can't read my, can't read my, 
No he can't read my poker face. 
She's got to love nobody. 
Can't read my, can't read my, 
No he can't read my poker face. 
She's got to love nobody. 
Papapa poker face papa poker face. 
Mumumumuh. 
Papapa poker face papa poker face. 
Mumumumuh.

Why did YOU measure our penis sizes and put the results on the school bulletin board?!

What if Mephesto never wakes up, and I never find out who my father is?

Which one do I use to kill brain cells? Well, just buy me one of each of 'em, Butters.

Okay, anyways. Now enough small talk, lads! It's time for us to start rapin' and plunderin'!

Well, it looks like we're gonna have to save Timmy, Kyle, and everyone else in this town from the angry hand of God ourselves!

Get me my coat, Butters. We're gonna try this thing again. 

Shut up Kevin! I'm the boss, not you, buttlicker!

I don't need the toy! I've found something better!  'Cause I've got a golden ticket! I've got a golden chance to make my way!

Damnit! I knew you'd say that! You always have it out for me!

Doesn't matter?! If somebody had parasites in their hair, we need to know who!  It was Kenny, wasn't it?

Every night, the dream is the same.  I'm on my way to visit my friend Kyle, because we had a bet that if I could prove leprechauns were real, he would suck my balls.  And it turns out I was right. "Time to pay up, Kyle."  But then...  "NO! NOOO!"  It's been taken from me. I have dry balls. Balls so dry they explode like dust. 

If it isn't going to work, then what are you afraid of? The only person who wouldn't want to take the test is somebody who was worried it might work and reveal that they were the ones with lice!

And so you see, now that the ban on stem-cell research has been lifted, we can sell your fetus to companies like Alder Labs.

Kyle has AIDS, and now loses 47 turns  and 800 points. 

-and then tried to fuck me out of your business!

...and enjoy your stay at Cartmanland.  Ogh, finally, work is over. Now I can get back to riding my rides.  Dada da, I've got my own theme park. Hm, what should I go on now? I know! I'll go on the Haunted Mansion ride again!  Da dait daa da Da dat dadadadadadaa da-ah-  What are you doing?

That's the proper way to say it, or else you get a spanking.

Oh dude!  Kyle's mom is here to ruin Christmas!

Nice. Stan, what enchantment does your Cloak of the Tiger have?

Yeah, but not if you guys have one, too! Now it's worthless and gay! God-damnit I'll never try to be nice again! 

Hey!  Why don't you go back to San Francisco with the rest of the Jews?!

I know enough to exploit it. Just get that ten bucks ready, Kyle. Ta-ta! 

Well, I gotta go home, guys. I'm gonna sit on the toilet and read comic books. See you at the bus stop tomorrow. 

Please, you guys. It's like, I can't even have a moment to myself anymore. See? 

Ahhh, good. A hostage will bring a fine ransom.  Well well well well well!

Now everyone was there. We thought things would start getting fun, but... that's when we had to watch the safety video. 

Don't worry, I won't go too hard on you.  Good morning South Park Elementary, these are the morning announcements. Rehearsals for the school play are cancelled this afternoon. For lunch the cafeteria will be serving meat loaf or veggie pasta. My guest today is the student body president of South Park Elementary, Wendy Testaburger. Wendy, thank you for coming on the show.

Oh I hate this stupid Christmas poo.  Hello, Mr. Hankey! A Merry Christmas to you!

Shut up! Shut the hell up! We're watching this until the next commercial and that's final, old people!

Ey! Help me, you son of a bitch!  Huh, I'm gonna die up here.

Please, I have to talk to you all right now!

O-ho no! We have a deal, Kyle! If I can prove there's a leprechaun, you have to suck my balls, remember?!  Dragon Wind to Blackie: What's your six, Blackie?

Nah, I'll lose it for sure. You keep track of it, Kyle, of it, Kyle, of it Kyle...

U-hohhh dude, I wish I had a real flamethrower. It works awesome on Japs.

Who wants just gravy?! It goes on mashed potatoes! On extra-crispy chicken skins!

I swear to God, Kyle, if you don't give it back right now,  I'm gonna break your fuckin' Jew legs right here!

You butthole, Kyle. You just had to go and ruin everything, didn't you?

Poopin' outside,
Makin' self-serve ice cream
For my friends
Specially Kenny.
Hey, Kenny, Can I borrow one of your gloves?

Hello, Mr. Hankey is appearing at the mall. Can somebody please take us?

Oh yeah. Awesome. Hold on, just a second.  Mom, there's some homeless guy here. Make him go away. 

No I can't; I'll always be like this. 

We would like to audition for you for a gig in the central plaza of your fine mall.

I can't sleep, Mom! I have to write the lyrics for the opening song of our Helen Keller Thanksgiving spectacular!

Hey, I didn't get a gun.  Sweet. This is like the gun I used in 'Nam

Holy shit dude! Dude, we forfeit! We forfeit!

KYYYLE, WHAT DOES USDA STAND FOR?! AUNT JEMINA SAID USDA HAS TO LOOK AT THE PYRAMIDS!

No, because it turns out that by rule, the student body president can't also be the morning announcement reader!

Hey dudes, what's goin' on?  How is everything with you guys?

Okay, so how do you act genuinely nice to people?

Hahahahaha, look at Kenny's lunch, a baloney sandwich and water! Hahaha, Goddamn your family's poor, dude. 

No way, I set up mine first, hippie!

I don't know if I can handle all this fame. I mean, I always thought I'd wanna become famous, but now that I am, I don't know if I like it. I mean, I probably can't even walk through this mall right now without people goin', "Oh my God, it's the Fingerbang guy! Oh my God!"

What?! How am I supposed to get a person to break into my house?!

All right, we wanna thank everybody for coming. This is a great turnout.  Uh, as you know, our friend Kenny died a few months ago and we are still looking to fill the void with a new friend. Now, you've all been selected as possible candidates, but unfortunately, there is only room for one of you. So Stan and Kyle and I will be spending the next few days going out with each one of you and narrowing our choices down. Until we think we've found the perfect friend. Are there any questions?

Aw, dude, he smells like Kenny's house.  Get out of here!

"The next zipline? What are you talking about?"

...Freakin' hybrids, man. They just don't do the trick anymore. 

So, fine, Kyle, but honestly, I never meant to make you feel like you didn't matter at all to me. I know we argue all the time and I give you tons of crap, but we've also been through a, a lot together, and... maybe that alone doesn't make us friends, but it makes us something. So, ...whatever, you know, just... ah I hope... things will be cool.

Eh, not right this second, mother. Put them there by the door.

Alright, Kyle, listen.  Legends tell of a horrific four legged creature from Mexico that sucks the blood of goats, and it might have just spotted in South Park.

Yes. You can trust AWESOM-O. In fact, you should tell AWESOM-O all your most personal secrets. AWESOM-O will not make fun of you or tell your secrets to other people and stuff.

Ey! Just because I'm Texan doesn't mean I'm fat!

Come on, guys, let's leave Kyle with his stupid whale.

Uh, guys? Did Chef seem a little, uh, trippy to you?

Would you mind stepping aside? I have a purchase to make.

I had the same thing with my mom the other day. I'm all like, "Ey! I am not a little kid anymore! Ma, I'm eight years old! And if I wanna fingerpaint, then I'm gonna fingerpaint!" 

Oh my God you guys, look at this!  Candy Corn Oreos. Oreos with candy corn filling.  Holy hell yes!

Okay, how about this: Adam Sandler... inherits like, a billion dollars, but first, he has to, like, become a... boxer, or something.

I'm not bringin' in food for poor people, Screw them!

Hold your horses, guys. This is very important for mature people.  Let's see. Offers complete protection during heavy flow, hm.  Lessee, might slow stoppage of vaginal chunks, eh.  Oh, this one's got wings, you guys!

Get the rest of the stuff you guys!

Put your office right here, Kyle. All of South Park walking by, looking up at you.

But we practiced for days. All we want to do is show the guy what we can do,  so that maybe we'll have a chance to perform in the plaza of the--   Aagh! Aagh! Ooww! Ow! Oh! God-damnit..! 

God-damnit I have to get that Haibo robot doll, you sonofabitch!

And you feel like you have to confess.

Eewww, it feels like cold spaghetti! You guys, it feels like cold spaghetti!

Yeah, I don't know what's going on. I mean, I showed up.

Well excuse me, Kyle, for trying to keep some optimism, you know? I mean, sometimes when things... seem their darkest you just need to try and stay... HIV-positive, but if you wanna be so HIV-negative all the time, I-

NNNOOO!  No, he has a strong heart! He wants to live! Come on, Kyle! Come on, buddy!

Right Butters.  These guys are so dumb, huh?

Dude, why are we going to hang out with this guy?

We were in a good mood, just jokin' around, you know, mostly making fun of Kenny's herpes.

What? You mean about how you put pubes in your chili? 

I don't think so, General Tso! This way, officers! 

Don't worry, Butters, I'm totally poor and stupid. I'm ready for NASCAR.

Of course I was right! I told you only poor people get lice! 

Yes, yes, I think that's a good idea, guys. Let's give Michael Jordan a call about that.  Ah, now, where were we?

I had a dream last night. I was in a field, and I had Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars right next to me. But then the sky went black and ...Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars just... melted in my hand. 

Hey, Las Vegas is a pretty cool place for us mature people. 

Really? What's the worst thing you've ever done?

The studio backed out! The producer had a change of heart! BOOOOO!

Nothing. Now, sir, is there some kind of a...

Just kill 'im dude, maybe he'll give you some money.

This is what you eat before you eat, to make you more hungry.  Welp, food is here, that's it for the appetizers. 

Why would we look at a newspaper, retard?

Fish dicks! Aw dude, that's funny as shit! I think we're really onto something here. Let's try it out on the guys.

Well, looks like nobody's home.  Guess we should come back some other time.

Well what do you guys expect me to do?! Stay at Kenny's house?!  His family's totally poor; I'm not staying with poor people!  All right, I'll stay with Kenny. Let's go, man.

Well, this is it. We have made our final decision and one of you is who we will be spending our childhood with, as our new friend. 

What's it look like I'm doing? I'm trending, Kyle. I'm trending more than I ecer thought possible.

Hello Kyle! Thought you could get out of your responsibilities, huh?!

You guys! Oh my God, you guys! You're not gonna believe it! It's beyond rational thought, you guys!  Holy crap, you guys! I mean-

For centuries alchemists have tried to come up with a formula to make gold. Whoever could do it would of course become rich, and now-! The chemical equation is right before our eyes. 

Look, exactly who came up with which part of the joke isn't even relevant. We had an agreement Jimmy. And if you wanna go back on that now, well then you're no better than a Jew.

Jesus Christ!! The 99% is totally ganging up on me!

There's nothing faggy about $10 million dollars, asshole! This was a message from God!

Look at me, livin' free
Free and clean amongst the Sea People
''We look for pirates and search for gold.
Life is an adventure with the Sea People
They don't ever complain, they don't call me fat.
They don't make me do homework or nothin' like that.
This is the way life was meant to be. Laughin' and singing,
Sea people and me.
Sea people and me, you guys.

His mom... His mom goes: "Clyde you're an asshole and now I have toilet water in my vagayjay."

Ma? I just dreamt that me and Stan and Kyle and Kenny were trapped on our bus, and we were talking about everything that happened to us, except that it was all wrong and everything ended with us eating ice cream.

Towelie, don't let go of us, you God-damned towel! Kyle's almost there!

Well if they're not gonna give us back the doll, then we have no choice. Let's go tell on them. 

For oth-er...  Uh. Oww. ...Ih ...Ih, ih, is it that ...you think you might get in trouble later?

If I wasn't serious, would I be talking like this?

Bitch?! Don't call me bitch! I'll pop your fuckin' head open!

The battle is sure to be long, so make sure you all have your special abilities macroed to your keyboards.

Well I'll tell you somethin'! Being from a low-income household isn't funny! Oh heell no, my momma's so poor she opened a Gmail account just so she could eat the spam! 

That's right, I did!You guys are hella stupidYou guys are hella lameYou guys are hella dumbHella hella hella!

No, no, wait, you don't understand.  since I was th-three years old it has been my dream to have one million dollars...

A- And as long as we get this Communion thing, we're safe?

Oh yeah?! Well, screw you guys, I'm going home! 

Oh. Uh, lessee.  I only got six dollars and twelve cents.

Ey! Get out of here, PewDiePie! This is MY holiday special!

Oh, really? I'm pretty sure I just did.

God damn it, why is it every time we try to have a relaxing day a bunch of asshole on their Harley motorcycles show up?! 

Oh yes! I am just about to flash back to the days of our Foundig Fathers!

She isn't an object I can own. Sh-she's a human being.

No, that's right. Only Timmy knows the part.

Come on, man, this isn't funny!  I need my fix! 

Hey, this is all of ours. I'm the one who found Stan's aborted brother in the trashcan and blackmailed his mom into getting the GameSphere. 

And just vhat do you care about your pitiful country?!

Hurry it up, dude, we have a rocket to catch.

I would like to see what he looks like so I can beat him up for you. May I see the video?

Aw man, he's eating my hand like a piece of chicken! Can you hear the bones crack? 

It's okay, Red. I can take a shit here. I'm a dumb chick too. 

I just gotta cover my security expenses. Butters, Clyde, you can come in.

Nobody's gonna know. We just drive it around the marina real quick. Look, if anything happens, I'll take full responsibility.

Come, Brother Kyle, we have no time for him. 

Hahaa! Charade you are, teacher! I'm afraid we have different plans! Gentlemen? 

I guarantee you people care way more about who my father is!

Gentlemen, this is a historic day for all of the boy, and mankind. In a few moments, we will know the future. 

That's nice, you're so cool about me triggering the alarm and not knowing the password, but how do you know I'm not making it up?! I could have raped my mom twice by now!

Don't be jealous, guys.  This doesn't mean we can't still hang out.  It just means that I matured faster than you.  You'll get your pubes guys, someday.

Watch this. It's sooo funny.  Come 'ere, dog, come on.  Good dog.  Red rocket red rocket.  Red rocket. Red rocket.  Come on. 

Coming, Mom.  Okay, we have to play Truth or Dare, quick!

If I knew where Mel Gibson was, I'd be down on the floor licking his balls at this very moment, sir. All I know is he lives somewhere in Malibu. Now stop wasting me and Mel Gibson's time, you little wussy prick.

Yes, we apologize, but our friend Tweek here didn't make enough of them.

Hey! He slept with my girlfriend, referee! In my country we don't wait for a bell, miste- ah!

Well, right, or we could always do that.

Ugh. I don't wanna play anymore, you guys.

Not now, Mom! We're playing Texans versus Mexicans! Gah!  All right patrol, you all know the drill. Not one Mexican is to get past this border! Not a single one! Yeehaw!

All right, we'll keep ours. We'll send out one calf. 

I want to apologize, and tell you that... I'm sorry for what I said. Okay? It was wrong of me, and I promise you that it won't happen again. I don't wanna fight you after school, all right? So, I'm sorry.

Will you all shut up so I can do this!?

Brahs, it's almost class time. I need you to start clearin' the hallways aright?

I'll tell you why it has to be you, Kenny: because your family is poor, and therefore has bad oral hygiene, so your teeth are gonna fall out someday, anyway. If you think about it, you should actually be thanking us.  "Oh, thank you, guys." You're welcome, Kenny.

Heh! Come on, stingray!  Splash me! Ha! Hey, splash me!  Dude, these things are dumb. Let's go!

Yes. The life of a ninja is complex and full of peril.  Come on, ninjas!

Pffft! Oh my God, his intonation was so off!

Well here.  Roy keeps the keys in the glove box.

Nobody deserves this illness, Stan, Kenny! Nobody! It's awful! And maybe somebody needs to teach Kyle how to have some compassion!

She is not gonna show up to a fight, dawg. I'm sure she's already trying to figure a way to get out of it.

Your gift of hope is a great deduction. 

Hurry up Kenny, you're gonna miss the fart.

Of course! Why do you think I went through that elaborate bullcrap experiment to frame Kenny?!

No, that's not that funny. Let's try something else.

All right, now everyone back over there!  We'll start with what I already know. 

Alright. I promise. I won't let the black people riot and destroy the world.

Oh my God! Come on, you guys, come look at this!

Did you guys know that when you stop menstruating it's called menopause?

Perfect! All right, you guys get back to the office, I'll bring Token there.

Motherfucker!  The whole thing! I read the whole fucking thing! I kept thinking, "alright, I guess the cool offensive stuff must be coming," and then after like a hundred pages I was like "alright, I guess all the dirty stuff is at the end," and then I got to the last page, and I was all "the fuck is this?! I just read a book! For nothing!"

Parents?  Ah, you mean the birth-givers. They're not around.

Okay, so now we're gonna see how you all work as a friend during classtime. Your performances will be judged primarily on how you help us cheat and give us answers. So good luck, everybody.

Sir, we actually don't give two shits about you killing whales. Can we go?

All right! Let's go save those whales, you guys! 

Be a man Stan.  Just say, "Hey woman, ye-you shut your mouth and make babies."

Well, we did it, Butters. We saved the day.

And then all I have to do is go back to this place every time I do something wrong and admit it and I'm forgiven again?

Oh yeah, boy. Take a look at this, ma'am.  See that? Hippies. 

Okay. Who got rid of the Muslims, huh?  That was all me. Simple thank you will suffice.

Oh, you didn't see it? Oh. Tweek's family was on the news saying what a wuss you are, Craig.

When is this going to be on the air?

Okay, look: A lot of people claim that on Passover, a blood sucking creature called the Jewpacabra comes out and preys on children. This year passover happens to be the same week as Easter.

No. Um seriously. See, I never had a brother or a sister. I think people that have a brother or a sister don't realize how lucky they are. Sure, they fight a lot, but you know there's always somebody there, somebody that's family.  I wonder if, well, maybe sometimes, I could pretend like you're my big sister. And you could kind of, watch over me. You know, like, we could watch a meteor shower together sometime. Heh, and I could pretend I'm somebody's brother, if only for a day.

Alright, so check it out: We've got offers from Van de Kamp's and Gorton's Fisherman to do commercials.

All right, all right, look! I didn't wanna risk it, but... I think I know what to do. I'll try to jump all those homeless and get to the people on that roof.

They look great on you, Butters. They really do.

Somebody had to intervene, Kyle! You were standing in the way of Token and Nichole! They belong together!

But mom, I don't want to spend time with my little friends--

Well Kyle, I guess we're even now. Shall we just call it a truce? Kyle? Shall we call it Even Stevens now?  Kyle, where are you going?

It's all CartmanBrah now.  I am trending into something more than human. I am becoming... transgender.  Now they will HAVE to give my my own bathroom!

And while they're gone, we're gonna smear all their walls with poop. 

God damnit, Mom, I wasn't pickin' it! I have an itch!

Wait a minute, why the hell does he get an "A-"?

Okay, yeah, maybe.  God..! Now it's like everybody wants a piece of us.

Hey!  I'm taking my pig and…Screw you guys!  I'm going home!  This whole idea's stupid anyway.

GODDAMNIT, GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY WAY!!! 

I know you're trying to make me feel better, Kyle, but a rich smart kid has no place on a racetrack. 

I don't want powdered donut pancake surprise. All the kids at school call me fat!

I'm talking about rainbows, I hate those friggin' things!

Yeah? Let's just see what your blood does, Kyle!  Huh, I guess you're clean. 

Dude, we just need you to come down to City Wok real quick so they can see how skinny you are!

God, isn't Butters awesome for doing this, you guys?

Not... just yet, Kyle. There's still a few things I need to do.  By the way, I should tell you that I haven't had a chance to shower while making my way up here. My balls are...  extra vinegary...

Dude... Token!  Token. Dude.  Psst. Token.  Go ahead. Go ahead dude. Token! Yeah, get in there.

Are you serious? How can there be-  Oh my God! You're saying I have assburgers??

Oh nonono, nononot so fast, Kyle.  I've waited a long time for this, and I intend to savor each and every second. 

Time out! Time out! Time out, Kyle! Ay! Ay!

Listen! I have a nice body and I want to show it off, you got that?

Oh my God, the Colonel's popcorn chicken and honey-mustard sauce!  Oh God yes!  Where did you get that?!

Maybe you didn't hear me! I ran away! I don't have anywhere to sleep! I'm out on the street!

Thank you. My report today is on breast cancer awareness.  I do not believe enough is being done, and, like the victims of breast cancer, there's something I'd like to get off my chest.  We all must fight, and hopefully one day, titty cancer will be a distant mammary. 

Have no fear, for God is near
And God loves all his children
Huh?  Nooooooo!  Kyle, why? What are you doing?

What the hell is goin' on in this cartoon?  Oh. Hey, Kenny, did you find any chicks to come to the clubhouse?

Ooo, ah, that's a different company.  Oh! Someone's here! We'd better run out the back! Pepite! Carlos! ­¡Vamonos!

You might as well go buy some cigarettes too, because I like to have a smoke after I get good and fucked! Do you wanna fuck me Mom?!  Just say so! Go ahead! Here!  Huh?! Go ahead, Mom! Fuck me! Fuck me right here in the Best Buy! You wanna fuck your son so bad?! Go on Mom! Fuck me! Fuck me!

No, Kitty, this is mah pot pie! Bad Kitty--!  Eh, 'scuse me, Kitty.

You mean to tell me I could never get a platinum album with a Christian rock band?!

It is wrong for me to ask questions?Is it wrong to seek the truth?I just can't blindly accept their version.I can't base my logic on proof.Almost all the evidence points one way,But I'm like Charlie Sheen and Gloria Estefan:I need to know what really happenedOn 9/11-leven-leven-leven-leven.What really happenedOn 9/11?Of course. It's so obvious. How did we not see it before?

Go on! Walk the plank, you scurvy dog!

Craig, what the hell are you doing home?! You're supposed to be out fighting Tweek!

No! I am sick and tired of people harassing Mr. Jefferson!  All I've been hearing since Mr. Jefferson moved here are sick lies! That he molests children, that he's a bad father, that he has plastic surgery!

It had a bunch of gay cowboys eating pudding, huh?

Aw man, I got a crappy AJ Feeley again!

Kyle Broflovski now joins us for a look at sports. And Kyle, the girls' basketball team just can't get it right.

There was mass confusion! Pa... panic! People were crawling all over each other in the streets! It was... awful! When it hit, millions were evaporated instantly. The rest of us... walking around in a... cloud of... toxic... radiation. 

This is so awesome. I don't think I made it out of that proctologist's office, guys. I think I died and went to heaven.

Oohh, morning, hum, hmyeah. HWAA!  That son of a bitch!

Dude, that sign sucks! Nobody's gonna show up!

Huh I don't care. You can have this stupid arrowhead, I don't want it. 
Day is never finished, Massa got me working... Oh, look, I found another one  Ooh, this is just a stupid triangle! 

I know what's gonna happen, Mom. You wanna know what's gonna happen?

Oh, come on, it'll make you a happy person.

Sweet! I'm gonna be rich. Bet you wish you hadn't given me that triangle back now, huh, Kyle? Dumbass! 

Nah, I'll lose it for sure. You keep track of it, Kyle.

Hey!  What the hell are you doing?  Jewish people can't eat Christmas snow!

What the hell are you assholes doing here?!

Yes, but I'm not going to die.  That's why we gotta get along, people!

You fucking asshole!! This is all your fault!!

Ha, ha, ha, ha, haaa, ha! Now you are a chicken! Nyanyanyanyanyaaa nya!

Your little brother saw the ghost of Billy Mays?

You guys?  You guys, you'd better get over here.

Looks like we have a sworn enemy, you guys.

No! No, dude! You don't just take one person's story and then add a couple of things and call it yours!

I'm telling you guys, it's wrong! It's WRONG!!  It's wrong! 

I can't. I have to go home and get in shape.

Butters, you said you were on your computer all the time!

You know, the tooth fairy forgot to bring me money last night! Call the police!

Tell me you've already got everything we need for Thanksgiving!

Noo, let's save the "girlfriend is a whore" line until after Stan headbutts Butters for trying to stop the fight again.

Oh wow, really? That's so awesome! Now I'll really work to be successful!

Yes, right here. I went to Amazon to see if they had Grand Theft Auto V, and it says, "you might also be interested in the Blu-ray for Star Trek." I'm totally interested in the Blu-ray for Star Trek! How did they know that unless the government is keepin' tabs on mw?!  This is war, bro! Forget the rally, we have to go hard core!

Craig, could I talk to you real quick?  Er, just a second, please, Craig. Craig, I'm not normally one to get involved in this kind of thing but, well, I was just standing over by Tweek, and, he called you a big poop-eater.

I told you: a date and then Italian food. And then you gotta make her think you're a good listener.

They can't do that. Who are they to judge us on how we look?

How about we sing "Kyle's Mom is a Stupid Bitch", in D minor.

You don't understand. Girls were going crazy for it. Please. This is what God want me to do. Ple-ease.

Maybe he went shopping for some leather pants.  Ow!

O-hoo Kyle! What are you doing to my balls? OHO, look! It's Kyle sucking my balls! 

HA! Yeah, right! Like our parents aren't gonna buy us presents for Christmas!

Hey guys, I've got some pretty big news.  I ran away from home. Yeah, my mom just... doesn't care about me anymore, so I moved out. She didn't even try to stop me. It's gonna be tough livin' on my own. But I'll get by, somehow.

Oh heell now!  Mom! Dad's being mean to me! Mem! MEEM! 

Hey! You guys are screwin' up the song! 

That's it! Now I'm all pissed off!  Take that, hippie! 

Oh my god, eugh! Oh God! Oh, Jesus help me!  Oh! I lost a doughnut!  Oooh! Oh oh!  Oh my God!  Leave no doughnut behind!

It wasn't? So then, you mean... we do have until 2012. Well, it may be only three years, but... I intend to live those precious years to the fullest!

Don't think that you can buy me with presents! ...Unless of course it's the new Tonka radio-controlled play bulldozer.

Sure. This is Monarch land now. Probably Jarvis probes everywhere.

Kenny, think about it. Don't you want a  Sega Dreamcast?

Hoho, I don't think so, Scott! I'm going to Fort Collins myself!

A joke?! You think being poor is a joke?!

No way, dude! What would I wipe with?

I just... n-need to keep taking a crap. I got diarrhea, really bad.

Alright, everybody, listen up! This is how this first shot is gonna work: The girls are standing here, and then the members of the band walk by looking cool. When you see us, you girls all scream like, "Oh my God, it's Fingerbang! Oh my God!" Okay?

Hi, can I speak to Nichole please? It's very important.

From now on, we are an entertainment team, Token. You just do all the singing, all the performing and all the entertaining,and leave the rest to us.

Noooo...  Trying to find a job will be even harder.

I'm not talking to him, because he's a dirty thief.

Well just, give it a couple of minutes, Jenny. It could just be a cramp.

Hello, is this the Maury Povich show?  Yes, I'm calling because I saw your television program, and I also have balls hanging from my chin.  I'd like to come in and talk about my disorder and perhaps get a free trip to the largest putt-putt golf course in the world?

It's too late for me, Butters. I have to go to Russia and live with the Commie dwarfs.

Dude, when my mom finds out that my babysitters have their boyfriends over, she mostly gets really mad, mostly.  Yaaah. Eeyy! Ey, God damnit!

How the hell are condoms gonna help us?!  Sorry, heh. Never mind, hehe. 

Whassup? Whassup? Crapped on your desk, dawg. What's up with that? 

No, come on! Guess! They're gonna say something that's never been said on television.

Aw, come on Stan, maybe that's just because you look like a total choad.

Hey! Don't boss me around, you fuckin' Jew! I will kick your ass!

Yeah! Now get out of here before I kick you in the nuts!

Get a couple facing the other way, brah. 

Look at how the crap ...is sittin' right in the middle! 

Oh... We're not too late. Mother, come!  Hey! Where is it!

Bash, bash, BASH your skull in, causing instant death. 

It puts the lotion back in the basket!

Wiffle ball, anyone?  Anyone care for a nice game of Wiffle ball?

At least I'm not the boy in the plastic bubble!

So please, everyone, From now on you've got to try and watch your language. 

I guess we learned that when it comes to Star Wars, we can't trust anyone. Not the President, not the Chinese, and not you.

Yes, we must show these to the public! For democracy's sake, right Kyle?

God I hate future TV. There's too many commercials! 

Sorry Kyle, but I'm afraid only one of us will be showing up to do the commercial tomorrow! Hahahaha! Thought you had me with your Serbian Jew double bluff, didn't you?! Well let's see you try to open this door now.  Hahahahaha! Haa haa hahahahahaha! Haa haa haha- 

...It's not that funny. There's lots, there's lots of things that are way funnier.

You guys, what the fuck are we gonna do?! In case you've forgotten, Trent Boyett is the meanest kid we ever knew. He's gonna tear us apart!

People aren't that into you, Tweek. They find you kind of annoying. Now, I say you've got one last shot here, and I don't want you to blow it, okay? Does that help take the stress off?

You think I'm fat and unimportant now?!  I AM Eric Cartman! And I've got news for you! This is all being broadcast LIVE on my Twitter Zeppelin, and on Alec Baldwin's new television show, via Shitter!

Stan's Uncle Jimbo! He has a bomb shelter in his backyard! Come on, Butters! Hurry! 

Alright, let's hear it for Kyle!  He's so funny, isn't he guys?! With all his jokes about Cartman being poor. You guys hear how poor Cartman's mom is?! His mom is so poor the ducks throw bread at her! Hahaha! That's super funny, guys!  Laugh it up, everyone!  Cartman's mom is so poor that when she goes to KFC, she has to lick other people's fingers! HA! I beat you to it, Kyel!

Of course it's impressive! They steal everyone else's clients!

Did you not see Erica Smith's boobs, Kyle? They're like perfect water balloons.

Okay. Well, it looks like everyone is here. Let's play the video, shall we? 

We set course tomorrow! I purchased everyone's ticket online using me mother's credit card!

Uhuh, excuse me I, I need a toilet! Bathroom! Bathroom! 

Then, there won't be anyone to give us candy!  Aaah!

Yeah. I'm gonna have people over to my house to see it.

Oh great! You see, Stan?! This is what you get for listening to Kyle!  "Oh, you've gotta help those people. It's your responsibility."

Yeah! When the Indians come to tear up our town, we kick 'em in the nuts!

So who put his who-who-dilly in your cha-cha?

It's all right. You've got it, no problem-  OP.

Aww! Ohh! God, I just got so sleepy. I'm sorry, what were we talking about?

Argh! You have rats in your house, too, Kenny?!

Okay okay, let's stop there for a minute. Remember, on tricka lahty do, that's a "lahty do" Okay, really need you guys to enunciate the "lahty" Uh, Nadif, if I can get you and Abdikaram to sing the harmony on the second "yo ho". And uh, Hashmish, is it? I'm sorry, but you're a little flat. Remember to sing out, don't close your throat, m'kay? So let's go from uh, bar 14. We'll pick up after the quarter rest. Ike? 

Too late for me. I can already feel my... body start to... change.  No! Must... fight... it... Don't open this door for anybody, Butters! No matter what you hear, stay inside for four days! Here's some water and food from the shelter.

This asshole needs to make a move already!

Looks like I've come to the right place.

Of course, you guys! And then we can make... ten million dollars!  Look, the tooth fairy thing didn't work, the boy band thing didn't last, so I tried this route.

Did somebody say "catch a Jew"? The person you're after might be hard to get, but I can bring him to you. And all I want in return... is Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars for handheld Nintendo DS.

All right, get down. This is my kind of bullride.

Oh heeell NO you didn't just invade my privacy again?! That is the LAST STRAW, Kyle!  Everybody! Everybody hey! Just so you know, we might have an NSA agent right here at our school

I've got to buy Chinpokomon... I've got to... buy them... Must buy Chinpokomon...

Yeah, this thing really falls apart in the second act.

Yeah, Mr. Perfect, go rescue Butters so he can lick your balls some more. 

I'm waiting for the new Nintendo Wii to come out.

Hey, how come you don't have sores on your lips, Ma?

No! Santa Claus can't be dead. He... He can't.

Don't you get it?! We are two pals afflicted with an illness, and who only have each other in a race against time! Innocent playful children who are stricken with a deadly disease for no reason!

Hey, maybe that's it, you guys. Maybe the tobacco company can help us! 

This is gonna be totally cool, you guys.

Yeah, he's my man. I'm more out than Kyle is, but... it's tough, because he acts like we're not a couple at school because he's embarrassed, but... we get home and he's the best boyfriend I've ever had.

Token, look away to the right.  More.  More!

What are you supposed to be Stan, Howdy Doody?

So, the subject is a big Radiohead fan, huh? Maybe I should come up with a  li'l ol' scheme  that involves them.

Yeah, if there's a way to travel back in time, those two dorks will know how!

Now let's see, how about a joke that has something to do with... fishsticks. You know, 'cause fishsticks sounds like fish dicks, Jimmy.

But my friends, we must still find others who will fight by our side! Are there no other factions we can call to our aid?

Yeah. Trent's just lucky he didn't mess with us. I woulda kicked his ass.

You feel bad for him?! He has everything a kid could want!

Dude, this thing is huge. And it doesn't hurt the crack babies at all. We're swimming in cash, Kyle. Let me take you out to Denny's. It's Baconalia time.

You see that?! That's MINE! My asshole friend Stan took my kidney, and I need it put back in!  Please.

Of course we know what a queef is, you queef!

Well hello. Another person who  cares about the future of our school?

Please get the kind with marshmallow inside. I don't like the peanut-butter filled one.
Eric.

Maybe it's just a phase. We just have to get him alone so we can tell him what a bitch she is.

Come on, Kyle. Let these Sony fucks wallow in their limited voice-control functionality. 

Looks like someone is gonna have to try and change the government's mind. 

This is unbelievable. Stupid Toilet Safety Administration. You can't even take a crap at IHOP without a forty minute line!

Butters didn't show? I I can't believe it. Uh are you sure you told him the right time and everything?

What- what's up?  What what's up?  Wendy, don't forget: I'll tell my mom on you.

Guys! Okay, look, maybe I'm ginger, but... I'm not like other ginger kids. I'm still me inside. 

There you are. What are you doing? You giving up, brah?!

Believe it. The girls can ask any question they want and it gives the answer. Freeze image!  Gentlemen, we have to get our hands on that device.

We just received a letter from the WWE.

Well, I'm glad you guys all agree. And so, Kyle, I just wanna say that it's been really great, and we're gonna miss you.

The smurfs and I grew to understand each other.  They shared with me their art of picking Smurfberries, and I shared with them stories of my country's forefathers. Of course, it wasn't long before ...I fell in love with Smurfette.  We're from two different worlds and yet we spoke the common language of passion.

Big Ring Slammer. Comes with posable neck-smash grip.  That's pretty kewl. Let's see...

It's alright. I think another batch is just finishing off in our top-secret flavor enhancer.

I'm not doin' it for Kyle.  I can't believe I'm actually going to walk through San Francisco. Well, here it goes. 

Wuh ih uh... Weh come on, Kyle, who the hell else are you gonna take besides Stan and Kenny?

Dude!!  How did he get past the fence, Craig?!

Yeah yeah, I'm showin' the guys!  Check it out. Eavesdropper got a hold of the phone call from the nurse to Pete Melman's mom.  Just listen, listen listen.

Yyeah, really cool, guys. You'll be some stiff compettion at the costume contest for sure.

Jakov, please don't go.  You make everything in South Park fun.  You brought life to this whole town. It would suck without you.

Jimmy, Jimmy, what the hell are you doing, man?

No! Dude, I'm gonna sneak into their headquarters disguised as an employee, and I'm gonna-  Hey, hang on a second, Lawrence.  I think we have a Nosey Nancy in the room.  Dude, my Twitter account might already be compromised. If I'm gonna infiltrate the NSA and get all their secrets out to the public, then I'm gonna need something better than Twitter.

Craig, you can watch Red Racer any day of the week!

Oh yeah, dude. Havin' Mexicans around totally kicks fuckin' ass.

I will! James West, cowboy and rap star!  Quick, Artemus Clyde Frog! We've got to save Salma Hayek!

Ahh, try to take my Trapper Keeper, will you?

No, I guess you guys will blossom into maturity someday. Just don't take too long. 

Whoa! Heheh.  Whoa!  Whoa! Heheheheheh.  Aw, man, that was awesohome! That one part, with the-uum, with the spider that dropped on ya? Oho, man, that totally got me. That was sweet! Heheh.

Kyle no, seriously.  No fuckin' elephant is going to make love to my Fluffy, I…Kyle, I will kick you in the nnnnuts.

Who the hell cares what it's called, as long as she doesn't have to touch me.

Aw, Jesus Christ! I'm going back to bed. 

Here we go, this has gotta be it right here. 

God-damnit that was a long flight! I thought we'd never get out of stinky-ass smelly Scotland!

Let me guess: they've started a hippie jam band music festival.

Now our numbers are truly great. It is time. It is time to march to Washington D.C.!

You will?  Ah.  Oh, ah, thank you for your help.

I'm sorry, Principal Victoria. I didn't mean to do it, how could I have been so foolish?

But it was one of the best times I've ever had.

What? Yes I'd mind! Do you mind if I touch your fucking balls?

Oh, dude! I just took the biggest crap. Hey-where are you guys?

Haha, make fun of me all you want, Kyle! But I will have the last laugh. Gentlemen, if you will clear the doorway, please?  Oh Gee. I wonder what it used to be like in the year 1776. 

I can't tell you what happened 'cause it's about my super secret double life!

Wow, that really sucks for you, Scott.  Scott? Ha haha ha ha ha! Did you see that? Scott mast have ran home so embarrassed! Ha ha ha ha. And you know what? That wasn't really Radiohead talking! I just dubbed their voices over! HAHAHAHA!  What a retard!  And now everyone saw it! 

Why, thank you, Polly Prissy Pants. How nice of you. 

Yeah, see, the problem is, Mom, is that with Kenny gone I'm now the poorest kids in skewl!

Yeah, yeah, we got it down, you guys. Think we're ready for the big time.

They're right over there, and they're gonna start screaming and banging on those drums, and then they're go-  Thank you Butters. All right, we need to go over there and find out what we can from those Commie rats.  Oh, herro, prease, herro.

Yes, that's true, but, let's face Sir Stan. This is all about you and me getting PlayStations. The rest are simply there to help us... get through-

I'm telling you guys, he's getting worse. The Jersey in Kyle is coming out. I don't see any other choice. We have to kidnap Kyle and lock him in the meat freezer at Sizzler.  Hey, Kyle. 'Sup? Kind of nice out tonight, huh?  He has to be put away, and he has to be put away now!

You should split that money with AWESOM-O. After all, they were AWESOM-O's ideas.

Ah ah ah, ah, I know what you're thinking, Stan. You're thinking, you're gonna go tell Kyle. Look, I know you think he's your best friend, but Kyle is a Jew rat! He has his Jew ethics while he hoards his greedy Jew gold, and he will Jew you out if you tell him about this!

Hey, you guys wanna come to my bris tomorrow?

I was just stopping by to invite you to my Chili Con Carnival. It's a chili cook-off with rides.  Everyone's coming, and I wanted to drop by your invitation personally!

Who the hell cast Tom Hanks in this?! Tom Hanks can't act his way out of a nutsack!

Okay. I've added the water purifier tablet to the Sea People Kingdom tank. Now it says  "Step 2.  Add the Sea People eggs to the water; you will see sea life spring instantly."  Okay, let's just run through this one more time: when the sea people arrive I will welcome them to South Park as Ambassador of Earth. Tweek, you give them the key to the city, and we'll all engage them in simple conversation. We've gotta make sea people feel comfortable, okay? Ready?

Outlander! We have your woman! She still lives, outlander! Outlander, her blood was fair!

Well. Apparently Kenny is Butters' best friend. You guys gonna make out, Kenny? 

I think I only need a hundred or so more aborted babies,  and I can finish up the kitchen.

Yep, that's what I thought. See that? You've got a drum circle in your backyard. 

My name is Eric Cartman and I live in Colorado. My best friend in the whole world is Kenny McCormick and he, he's sick right now. He's real sick. He's only eight years old and his doctors don't think he has very long to live. Look, I realize that using the tissue from aborted fetuses for research is a touchy subject, but... All I know is that if there's a chance, a... chance that stem-cell research could save my best friend's life, well... I guess I owe it to him to try and change your minds.  I love Kenny McCormick and...  I want you to love him too.  And I uh, I'm not the best speaker in the world. Maybe I can put it best in the words of a timeless song 
It was the heat of the moment telling me what your heart meant
The heat of the moment shone in your eyes
I never meant to be so bad to you
One thing I said that I would never do

Well, let's go home, start eating that candy.

This is such a magical Christmas adventure, you guys.

I don't know. I got conked in the head down at the abortion clinic  and I clearly saw Kenny putting the ticket in a little red box.  I just have to wait for another vision to come. I could clearly see through Ken-  AY! 

It's my Urkel sleeping bag. Isn't it coool?

I've become a man! I started puberty, you guys! 

Poo Poo Train is my favorite thing, spreading Christmas joy as we ride and sing!

We are going to start... a Christian rock band.

You're my fudgey charm of sunshine. Come here, you! 

We'll see about that.  Don't forget you need to cut school early and wait for the hot tub, Kenny.

You guys! You guys! We found it! We found it, you guys!

This is my friend Kyle. He's looking for some new friends.

Okay, that settles that. Now let's talk about our periods. Kyle, you first.

Wait! Look here! There's a dead body with an axe in the back. I'll pull out the axe and use it to chop off the cannibal's head. Hunh!  Die! 

Dude, look! There's everyone's backyards!  Dude there's Craig's house! That's Craig's house!

Heyyy, these bunny ears are tied on with little strings.

Yes. I'd like to join your fine organization. Is that cool?

Alright folks, we've had another change in policy. I've had to hire a maintenance person, and to pay his salary I have to let in two more people a day.  However, the stupid maintenance worker demanded I have food and drinks inside the park, so now I've had to hire a beverage person, and a cotton-candy person, which means I now have to let eight people come in a day! BUT, you are to try your best not to ride any rides that I am on! Understood?  Alright, let's go. 

You're a no-good swindler and a 2-bit thief. We were here for money, not goo!

Butters, only gay little dweebs read the funnies!

I think it's best that when the time comes for the mall to open, we should stay back a bit from the doors. 

Oh yeah, that's good. That's accessible now. Cool, let me try to take a shit in this real quick. 

No! God damn it no!  Who's takin' a shit?!

Kyle, I just want you to know, if it were any other time of the year, I still wouldn't help you. 

I'm not playing around, Kyle! If we survive this, I don't intend to live in poverty! Give me your Jew gold now!

I believe you have something of ours, outlander! Give it back, or the female gets it! 

They're a new family that just moved to South Park! We met this kid named Blanket and he has the coolest dad in the world! 

Well, he is not listening to my authoritah!

Mmmmmmmmmm nope. I have no idea what you're talking about, Kyle.

Wendy, could I talk to you for a second?

Oh wait, I get it now! The F-word is a no-no word, and I shouldn't say it around other people. I'm sorry Momma.

Right. We should make up stories, because they'll be far more interesting.

Stan, Kenny, can I talk to you guys for a second?  I think we have the counselor and the principal fooled, but we need to talk about Kyle.

Excuse me, but I do believe that sucked ass!

Yaaaaah! Wait! I'm sorry! Ah I'll stop! I'll stop!

It's Kenny. He's calling from beyond the grave!

Wow. It's like, it's like, smoking brings a lot of people just a little bit of joy and, and you get to take that away from them.  You are so awesome.

Noho! I've lost every stuffed animal; I won't lose you too!

Yich. Anyway Kenny, Yellow Man is only $8.95, so maybe your mom can put it on layaway and make payments for a year or two.  Eeyy!

He's the guy who writes Game of Thrones, Butters! He can let us both know how to handle Kenny, and if we should betray Clyde or not. Let's face it, Butters, this is really about you and me getting XBoxes. The rest are simply there to help us get through those doors.

Hey, I found it, you guys! I found it!

Well, I'm pissed off!, Rick! How are you?

Uh, Butters, maybe you should give AWESOM-O the videotape?

Yeah! We can form a club that takes food stamps from poor people and then sells them back to the government for a profit.

Agh! Careful, you assholes!  To the left, you guys, left.  No, camera left, camera left!  That's it, now down. 

Dude, that was the funniest thing I've ever seen. I watched it on YouTube about sixty times.

There's gotta be some way to hook it up! It's the freakin' future!

Will you relax, Kyle?! They have nothing on us! As long as we all stick to our story, we'll be fine.

Okay, be a Jew. We're gonna go play laser tag. 

I know, right? Now everyone's gonna see it.

Me??  There's toilet paper on your hands, too, Kyle. 

Good morning students. These are the morning announcements. If you'll direct your attention to the new video monitors at the head of your class,  you will see that the announcements are now being done in video.

All right, this time, it's me and Kenny versus you two assholes.

Your daughter could die tomorrow, and then what?!

Yes, I'm making a delivery of these fetuses hyah?

Dude, you'd better stop harassing me or I'm callin' the cops!

Well then Kyle, I guess we- ...Oh my God, is that Tim McGraw?

Oh, I've got a better idea! Why don't you go across the street and buy some condoms?! Because we should at least be safe if you're gonna fuck me, Mom!

No. There's people you can hire to do these kinds of things.

Mom, it's 3:30. This is taking up my whole Saturday.

We're in this together, Craig! If Butters tells on us, we're gonna tell on you! That's the ninja code!

Oh my God, and you can hear me??

That's all we need! How about this afternoon at 3 o'clock?

Okay, we're ready for the-  What the hell did you assholes do?! This is supposed to be the big finale where the turkey jumps through the ring of fire!

Shut up, I didn't pee in my pants!

"I actually have plans this weekend. I'm Scott Malkinson. I've got diabetes."

It it done?! It is all ready?! Alright alright, move aside everybody, move aside please. I gotta go.  Oh! Ahm. This is gonna be so awesome.  Aha! Lock! Privacy. Oh, this is gonna feel so good!  Perfect.  Yeah, you're gonna take it. You're all alone now, toilet. Nobody can hear you scream. Yeah, you're gonna open wide.  You're gonna TAKE your punishment! That's right! Get ready!  Oh my God, this is so awesome you guys! It's just like at home!

Well, I was standing out in a field, and I had this huge satellite dish sticking out of my butt. And then there were... hundreds of cows and aliens, and then I went up on the ship and Scott Baio gave me pinkeye.

Hell, yeah I do, I got the triangle.I got the triangle, I got the triangle, dee dun dee dun

Haahaahahaha!  Very funny! I suppose you really think you got me!

The meteor... struck the Earth sooner than I predicted. There was no time... no time...

I changed my mind! I don't want your stupid park!

Well, sorry if women might have to deal with a little splash of pee on the rim, but it's a far better solution than having the government in out bathrooms, right?

And what exactly keeps me on the stool?

Your Honor, my lawyer is just parking the car. He should be here any second.

Do you still have that battery-powered toy truck you got last Christmas?!

This sucks, Kenny! I wish we'd never built a clubhouse! 

Fly, fly little dove, to the welcome arms of Christ above. Your tears are finally gone to-

This isn't even a fight. This is just... a slaughter.

At this school, it doesn't matter if you're trans or you're cis, right guys?!  What we have a problem with are cisgingers who are intolerant! You know what we call those? Cissies!

It's just a legend, alright?! But people all over town have started reported strange things. Knocked over trash cans, weird howls...

It's all right, it won't take much longer, just-AHH AHHGH! 

'Cause.  He kept seeing this little brown piece of Christmas poo everywhere that he went.

It's going to rhyme, Token, just hold on.
I was not the shooter. I was not the gun.
So Token, you should be cool while we're all here at school.

Stan? Do you think our name is stupid too?

Dammit! If we're gonna sell our hot Christian album, we have got to get on that stage! 

Yeah, so, could you guys just let her know that, you know, she might have to make the first move?

You guys! You guys! I saw the ticket! 

What? No! It shouldn't be locked! We have to confess! We have to confess our sins before we die!

All right, the rest of you, thanks for coming. Get the fudge out! 

That dollar buys me a chocolate milk for lunch! What, do you want me to just get a regular milk for ten cents?  Now look, it isn't our fault that terrorists hate us. We're just kids. We're not the ones bombing them now, we're- we're just kids.  There's a lot of crazy stuff goin' on in the world, but, we're caught in the middle. It's not our fault.

Butters, do you think it's possible that you can lose the ability to filter what you say? I mean, if somebody got used to saying whatever came to their mind, could they start saying things that they would normally never say?

Oh, you didn't get a special Chinpokomon game controller. T-heh heh heh heh. Jehesus C-hrist! 

I can't wait anymore. What am I supposed to do?

So if we make Butters up to look like a dog...

That was no strike, that was a terrible pitch! You need some Goddamned lasik surgery!

Dude, Stan, yuh you know why Jews have glassy eyes? Like Kyle?  Eh. K-Kenny, you see that chick on the news that had her left titty cut off?  Kenny? Kenny??  Stan? Stan, it's me, Eric!  Eh... Kenny. Kenny, you want fifty cents?  Dude, look at me, Kyle, I'm right here!  Wha...? How did...? Like they couldn't see or hear me. It's almost as if I were...  dead.  No. No, I can't be dead.  I can't be dead!!

Agh, Kenny! Knock it off! What's wrong with you?

If Nancy doesn't want to chip in, then it will be $5.35 per person!

I- I, I learned that... you shouldn't judge somebody because... that-no, wait.

Hippies. Hi-i-ippies. They're everywhere. They wanna save the earth, but all they do is smoke pot and smell bad. He-elp! 

I know. Ah I know you don't like me back. I ju- Yeah, you know, the- this was stupid, I'm sorry. Will you just take a cupcake?  Oh, don't take the cupc- I, I'm sorry. I, I'm sorry I wasted your time. 

Fuck off, Whistlin' Willy. We're not in the mood.

Sir! Sir!  If you don't my saying, I think you asked for this. You gave in to the manatees last week. Now they know all they have to do is refuse to work and they can get whatever they want. You spoiled them by caving in. Now they thnk they can walk all over you.  Sir, you are in charge of this network, not them. Maybe it's time you showed them who's in charge.

Right, it's gotta be an awesome party for...

You guys, we are wasting time. If we have to write a report on Thanksgiving let's just go downstairs and watch TV.

Thank you everyone. It's my honor to have been a part of this... miracle. Isn't that right, Fartboy?

Jesus, Paragon of Fierce Defiance. Now every red creature Gadnuk plays will have a +1 attack.

And you! I should never have believed in you!

So it's decided: Phil Collins concert for all of us.  Hooray.  Oh oh. Hold still, Kenny. 

Hey, what the fuck dude?! God fucking damn it!

Do you guys remember what a cool friend Kenny was?  God.  He was always up for helpin' us out; man, he was the best friend ever.

Muh uh, 'cause I'll tell my mom on you when our parents get home.

Aw man, this is gonna be awesome!  Butters, if you don't let go of my hand, everyone here is gonna think we're gay!

No, that's okay. Besides, I told Stan and Kyle we could work on our science project then.

I don't know. I was hoping you guys did.

He said you kissed her with your tongue.

You can't be the tough one, you're Jewish!

Whoa, Pixie Sticks, twenty-nine ceeeents?  Wall-Mart? ...Are you speaking to me? ...My friends? ...Trying to hurt you again?  Yes, Wall-Mart. I understand. 

Oh, but I'm not buying the park to get people to come.

No! NO! Hip- hippies all around me. Help! Mommy! Huhuhippies!

This is Baghdad? God, what a shithole!  I mean, oh wow, these poor unfortunate people.

Oh, shut up guys! You're just trying to make me scared. And it's not working.

I handed out fliers, called together meetings, but it's like... everyone's turning a blind eye. The Chinese are taking over the world and nobody's doing anything! It's up to you and me, Butters. We have to stop the Chinese now.

Who does she think telling me to go brush my teeth?!  Jesus. What's happening to me?

Maybe give Kyle AIDS, huh? Lookin' a little better now.

Hey you guys, do you hear something?! Ah- I think I hear the flower children calling!

I care, sure, but I hope it doesn't mean you and me and Stan and Kenny can't hang out anymore.

Jesus Christ!  Okay, okay.  Um, Jesus-  ah... Okay, look.  Okay those, those tests we took last week? The state efficiency tests? How did we do on those?

Damn it! We'll never get any candy if Kenny keeps eating people!

Damnit man, this is not the time for negotiations! There's a little doll in there about to have her head twisted off!

The time has come! Turn it on, turn it on! 

Come on guys. Let's get out of here. 

Chili Con Carnival? ...Wait a minute. ...No it can't be.

That's right. I got a bad case of ADD. No homework for me.

Yes, the tears of Kyle Broflovski when he loses his ten dollars to me. 

No, dude, you gotta try it.  It makes you feel good.

Yeah, I know dude. I'm telling you, it was the worst pain in my entire life.

I'm your son, Eric. My mom says you put your who-who-dilly in her cha-cha, at the Drunken Barn Dance.

You guys. What if Ms. Crabtree doesn't come back, and we're all trapped here forever.

Oh, shut up, Kyle!!! Shut your Goddamned Jew mouth!!! You people are why there's war in the Middle East!!!  And you, Tweek!! Why don't you learn to button your shirt right, for once?! You're as bad as Stan with his stupid girlfriend, always spending time with her!! God, I hate you guys!!  They were supposed to take me away to their underwater kingdom. They were supposed to take me on adventures of the deep

Oh, okay.I guess I understand. 'I don't wanna wait for our life to be over...''I don't wanna wait for our life to be over...

No! My Tourette's has gotten worse! Before I just blurted out cool stuff about Jews being lame and stuff. But now it's gotten really bad.  So ah I'm sorry, but I'm not doin' the show, that's it. Goodbye. 

Oh, I think I see where this is going. 

Iiii believe you might be missing the greater point of the show, Paladin Butters.

Come on, guys! This is the cure de gars of Butters' torture!

He plays video games and makes millions of dollars, and it's lame how?

They're trying to stir up some big thing again, get all the girls all heated up - freaking out - over which boy has the biggest schlong! This has to be dealt with!

Did you notice the bow?  I'm not comfortable with the sex I was assigned at birth, so I'm exercising my right to identify with the gender of my choice. Now get out of my way. I have to take a shit.  Aaahhh!

Eah, screw you guys! I don't wanna be in your penis-choppin' family anyway!

We're going to the water park,
The water park, the water park.
We're going to the water park,
Me and my best friends, except for Kyle who I don't like.

Very well, Kenny! Let us battle!  Ow, Kenny. K-Kenny! Knock it off.

We are gonna save you and you are gonna walk with the Lord-uh!

Come on, we gotta get to work on some songs! 

No, you're right, Kyle. A higher depth of field will make sure everything stays in focus.  There we go.  Now, Kyle, when you're sucking my balls, are you gonna think about how right I was about the leprechaun, or are you just gonna try and focus on how rough and salty my balls feel in your mouth?

The e-... The end of the world? We've got one shot and one shot only and that's to find a place where the contagion won't reach us!

Nyahnyahnyahnyah nyah nyah! I made you eat your parents! Nyahnyahnyahnyah nyah nyah! 

Oh, man, did you guys see Funnybot on "Saturday Night Live"?

Yeah, and let's see Craig out gay us now.

Oh don't even start, Kenny! Just because you guys didn't buy into the bracelets doesn't mean you're smarter than me, okay?!  What's wrong with him?

Jimmy, dude, did you see?! Carlos Mencia is taking credit for our joke!

Dude! There's already brand name awareness and it's instantly recognizable!

Oh yeah?! Well I don't need you guys anyways! You guys can kiss my-  Aha! There's a king croc right there!  And what I'm gonna do, is I'm gonna sneak up on it, and jam my thumb in its-

Oh, I sure do, Mr. Mackey. I mean, I feel really bad, uhh. What was I thinking?  The only thing I can do now... is try to go on and live day by day.  See ya later.

It's true. I was pregnant with your child and aborted it. 

Well, your attic could be so we can fumigate with polymarethane. The drum circle we're gonna have to gas.  God dammit! 

Yeah! Come on, we can set everything up in my clubhouse and get ready for New Year's Eve!  Hey, don't feel bad, Stan. Some of us just mature a little later than others. 

Four days?? Oh man, I can't wait that long!

Hey, wait a minute. Saturday is my birthday party. They can't have the fight on Saturday!

Clear the streets! Everyone clear the streets! We've gotta get the fuck out of here!  Mom it's starting! We've gotta go!  Come on, come on!  Come on, we've gotta move! It's spreading! Let's go! 

I already brought it, bitch! I brought it, set it down on the table and opened it, bitch!

Oh, excellent! They're taking us to a ship. Once we commandeer our vessel the plundering will be easy indeed, lads. 

You don't understand! All of a sudden, I can't control what I say.

Dude, I've seen it! They grab your balls with their leather-gloved hands and they squeeze 'em as hard as they can until they pop like little grapes!

Yes! I did it!  I jumped over the homeless!  Yes!

All right, Mom, look. Here's .. the truth.  God, this is gonna be hard to say.  I think, Mom, that I've been hard on some of the handicapped kids at school in the past. I've sometimes looked at people with disabilities as people God put here on earth for my amusement, but... now I'm starting to think... that if I could just spend one day in their shoes... if I could just see the challenges they face every day... maybe I wouldn't be so cold. I just want a chance to change.  Help me change?

This is abuse! I am a child, and I am entitled to attention!

Kyle can't take the heat; he's gonna sing like a canary. Then we're all gonna take the fall for what we did.

Wave pool! Wave pool! Waaave pooool!  Oh, what the hell?! 

Excuse me...  This is the home of Tom Cruise, right?

At 1. p.m. tomorrow, Nelly will have to walk from Home Ec to Social Studies. That's our best time to strike. As she makes her way through Hallway 3, Craig will be ready with a distraction device here.  When she stops and turns to Craig in the hallway, Butters will run up and kick her in the balls.

That's actually not true. I can be transginger without it having anything to do with the ginger I'm attracted to. Check the state bylaws.

It's just that, it's just that I got so caught up with the rat race of life tryin' to succeed that I... sometimes... took my family for granted!

What the hell? Can't find the server?  Kickstarter.com!  Kickstarter. Where is Kickstarter?! Get it up on the phone, Butters. Come on, I wanna know how much our company is worth!

What the hell is going on?! Are you having Mr. Jefferson over for dinner?!

It was no dog. I was there, I'm telling you this thing had no idea that Jesus Christ had died for our sins.

Oh, I see. Now you're going to join in on the little joke huh?

Look at the scoreboard, amigo. No matter how many times you say I cheated, the scoreboard says two, nothing. 

Look: If you wanna go around the world molesting kids, that's totally fine. But why do you need Chef?!

You'd better get us out of here, asshole!

She'll be the death of him, Kyle. Mark my words: she'll be the death of him.

Good, because you assholes have kept me up for three hours!

Yeah! I can't possibly jump these many homeless people! I won't risk it! I could jump two homeless people, maybe three, but asking me to jump this many is asking me to risk my life, Kyle!

Oh it's sooo easy for you, isn't it, Kenny?! I had to become poor all on my own, you know?! I wasn't born with a plastic spoon in my mouth!

Lunch today is going to be pizza. Again.  Friends, our school is dying and you know it. You feel it. You're like, you're like me; you wanna change it. But ohhh no, Wendy Testaburger's not gonna let that happen! This is not the school we grew up in, and ...and I don't know if we can get it back.  So let's take a look at exactly what our school president wants. You know, what is she trying to achieve? Let's just take a look at these Keywords here: Wendy's made it clear she wants our school to be a more Integrated Leftist and Liberal place! But you see what then happens, what we get is a Socialist, Modern, Utopian, Reformed, Farce of a School. So when you look closely it becomes very obvious what Wendy wants. K I L L S M U R F S. Our school president ...wants to kill Smurfs.

So here's the deal, General Tso, Mr. President, when the Chinese make the sequels, I get to play the part of Luke Skywalker's son. Cartman Skywalker.

What? Fuck Kyle.  Ha ha, j-just kidding, birthday joke. Of course we'll do whatever Kyle wants, uh. Happy Birthday, Kyle.

Don't worry, Butters, I'm gonna get you out of here.

Uh, it's nice to meet you, Kyle. I can certainly tell you're a relative of my good friend Kyle here. 

Well, why do I have to dress up like an old lady?

Be as sick as you want, just give me a God-damned bass line! 

And so the other thing that makes my Trapper Keeper cooler than Kyle's is that it can add any peripheral device to itself automatically.  I can take something as simple as this calculator  and... Trapper Keeper?

It's MINE! Not yours, MINE! Give it back right now, or there's gonna be HELL to pay!

What the hell?!  Mom? Mom, my room is...  AAAH!! PETER PANDA!!

I have the power to have all the powers I want.

What the hell makes you think Cartman rides a bull?

We got crappy jewelry Butters. Now all we need are some old people.

Okay, Kyle, you're being a Negative Nancy. Stop it. Eh, unless you want everyone to call you Negative Nancy from now on.  Now, what we need is to all chip in four dollars, and we can have them here tomorrow!

All I have to do is be thinking about American history when I walk through this doorway. I'll trip the rope, causing the rock to fall on my head. And then I will have a flashback to the times of our Founding Fathers!

Oh, Jesus! You know, there's just no talking to you, is there, Mike?! 

Alright Token, come on! This is ridiculous. I know you totally wanna kick my ass right now. You'd like to walk right up and punch me in the face, but what's that gonna solve? I've got a way better idea.  First bump?  Come on dude, fist bump. Bump that shit bro. Be the bigger person. 

You guys are so wrong about Tweek. He's gonna get his ass kicked.

Uncle Stinky, my stupid friends want to see Mr. Hankey! You have to take us!

You guys, we've got no time! You gotta get me out!! 

And God is telling me that you have... bad eyesight. Is that it?

God forgave the Jews, you should be able to forgive me!

Are you saying I have problems like these fucking people?!

Sweeet. Killer. Bye, Scott.  Ohoho, you are good, Eric. You are very, very good. 

One month ago today, this amazing film opened in theaters. And now, we proud few gather here as a people brought together by its message!  Fellow fans of Mel Gibson, our numbers have grown and now, together, we have the power to change the world!  Now I believe we should take to the streets and march in unwavering support of this important movie!

Eh, I gotta get out of this stupid costume.

That's right, Cupid Me. People who are the same belong together.

Oh yeah! That feels good, doesn't it? Feels good to be proud of who you are! Now I don't think I need to tell you there's a lot of hate out there. Hate for awesome people like us. And if there's one thing I've learned, is that the only way to fight hate, is with more hate! We are not the freaks of society, everyone else is!

Ah yes, Paladin Butters, are you enjoying it?

I'm telling you guys, the government thinks they can do whatever they want, and we don't have any privacy anymore!  Just between you and me, I think everyone is too stupid to see what this is all leading to. Did you guys read "1984"?

You know. If I have a flashback, then I can see what 1776 was like first-hand!

They'll be done.  ¿Que paso? ¿Que paso?  All right, did you read the book?

It's not fair! It's not fair; I wanna die! I wanna daaahahie! 

Mm-mo-om, Ah-ee née-eed suh-ome Weight Gain Four Thousaaand! I need iiit!

Hey, what the fuck, dude?! Do you mind? This is occupied!

Well, I didn't wanna say anything, Kyle, but I think this is what your family gets for being Jewish at Christmastime.

No, not they, YOU! Look what your ziplining idea has done! You killed Kenny, YOU're the bastard!

That's right. We're not talented. See, we're not the artistic side, we're the thinking side.

I'm not in love with you, I'm in love with abortions. Don't you undestand?! 

Come in dude, I wanna show you what I've been workin' on.  Check it out. I thought I could just give all my money away and be as poor as your family, but then I realized: what do poor people do? Buy things even though they don't have money by going out and purchasing things that are 0% down and no payments for two years! That's how you people stay poor forever! Am I right? That's it, right? 

Why do you want Kyle back?? Don't you see how awesome it is without him?

The following takes place between Recess and Geography class.

You guys, get me down from here!  Ow! Help! Sons o' bitches! Dildos!

Mr. Jefferson? It's your best friend in the whole wide world, Eric Cartman. Mr. Jefferson? I came to sleep over tonight, remember?

She's got a hell of a chin on her, I'll give her that. 

Abebeh, abebebebebeah! We both came up with it together! You wanna know how it happened?!

But, I need to talk to the Founding Fathers to do my report.

Bark bark bark.  Okay, so then we put my mom's hand lotion in this little basket  and lower it down to Polly Prissy Pants. 

There you see, you shouldn't have written a paper about dolphins. Dolphins are stupid.

Quiet, you sons of biscuit eaters! This boat is now pirate propertih! Now get ye to your lifeboat, lest you wanna be shark bait!

Hey you guys, when I'm done with that- Cheesy Poofs commercial, I bet I get all the free Cheesy Poofs I want.

Yes. There's nothing but smoldering bodies all around you. Burnt out buildings, and what used to be our town.

There, you see? All of a sudden, my costume is pretty badass, huh?

What does that have to do with me?

You got the money?  Okay great, Butters. Now get back to the access point.

Hah. Yeah, well, I'm just glad that stupid TSA crap is over with. I know you've had a tough week, Clyde. But at least your mom didn't die for nothing. I mean, we're kinda right back at the bathroom being the last bastion of American freedom. So technically, your mom did die for nothing, but... Clyde? Clyde?

Eeyy! Uh-turn him back you butthole, he has to buy me the Yellow Mega Man!

Wait! Guys! Hold on! I wanna go with you and help out.

Kyle, do you still have sand in your vagina about us not going to The Lion King with you?! I mean, shit, dude, let it go.

We found a Etheropian, can we keep him?

Alright I'd better get out of here before they get back. 

Look, I don't know why the tooth fairy's being so cool to me. Maybe she's hot for me. I don't know, but if we all chip in with teeth, then I can hide them under my pillow and we could get enough money to buy a  Sega Dreamcast.

Guys, when things look bad, you can't just give up on the world. Of Warcraft.

Really? Mine too. What I really like to do, is I like to take the tops off of two cookies, and then put them together and make "quadruple stuffs."

I'm happy that I totally got away with it.  What's a 911 area code? Hello?

I love you guys.  Ah, screw you guys(!)

I'm not keeping it, Mr. Garrison, I'm spending it.

Oh my God, we've got Lorde to play live.

I'm not a fat turd, I'm a stocky turd!

Well, guess I'll, guess I'll just have to kick ass in the other events.

Okay. Go ahead, Kyle. Throw your nunchucks away. If you can. But you know damn well that your Jewish blood won't let you. You can't throw away something you paid fifteen bucks for. Go ahead and try.

Kyle I've won! No matter how you look at it! I've managed not only to get away with saying whatever I want at school, on the bus, at the dinner table, but this Saturday I will actually say anything I want... on national television. I'm going to blast the Jews, Kyle. I'm going to call them every name in the book, and people will call it brilliant television. They'll probably give me an Emmy.

...and them I saw them all at the bus stop, and this son of a bitch is standing there!

Oh, you know what?! This makes perfect sense! A guy moves into South Park with a FERRIS wheel in his back yard, and KYLE has to see a problem with it!  Mr. Jefferson is the best thing that's happened to this town in a long time, and if you miss this up, so help me god, I will rip your balls off with my bare hands! With my bare hands, Goddamn you! 

Dude, see? I told you. Who needs to read a bunch of stupid books when we've got History Channel?

Um. Actually, AWESOM-O was not programmed for that function.

I thought you were my friends! I guess I was wrong! After everything we've been through together, you guys won't even help me freeze myself! 

So, you guys about ready to start being my slaves yet?

Butters, helping people who have AIDS is one of the most important things you can do.

Oh God. Why couldn't I have just taken a minute to think about it?

That's how you win these things: attack your opponents' credibility!  Butters! Take some kids and go dig up whatever dirt you can on Kyle's past. I'm talkin' booby magazines, whatever.

"Captain, we cannot keep going fast on these icy roads?"

And so now our school has plenty of precious unattainable Smurfberries. Yeah well big deal. At what cost did our school president get it? Every Smurf is dead. Wiped out and we will never see them again! Go on, look outside! You won't see any Smurfs!  Of course, since I'm being silenced, I'm not allowed time to show you the entire movie. And so please buy Dances with Smurfs available now on DVD.  The question now is, What happened to morals? What happened to dignity? What happened to my schooool?

Would you like sauerkraut, German boy, German boy?Yes, I'd like some sauerkraut, Fräulein Setski 

I'm not poor and stupid enough to do NASCAR, and I never will be!

Stan? Stan, come on. We're gonna go find a frog. 

But they say I can't be in their club!!

Mom, do you wanna get raped?! Haven't you seen their commercials?! You can get raped by a white guy these days, Mom!

Please, we just want you to tell us how you got rid of the homeless in your town.

You know what it is? You're scared. You're scared of the truth. You don't want that movie to show you just how bad the Jews are, and why everyone hates you.

Mom, tell them! Tell them I'm not fat, I'm just big-boned! Tell them all those stories about how everyone in your family was big as a child but then grew into their bodies!

That's right. We already sold thirteen copies. You wanna pay me that ten-dollar bet, Kyle? Nyanyanyanya nya nya!  Hahahaha ha ha!

These are what we call the uh giggling stoners. Pretty common form of hippie, usually found in the attics. Problem is, if you see one hippie, there's probably a whole lot more you're not seein'. Uh, whe-where's the backyard.

Oh, and like you're gonna do it, Jew?!

Yeah dude, there's lots of people out there using our joke on their shows. We should be getting compensated.

I pledge it! I pledge the fucking allegiance!

Shut up, Butters! We know what we're doing!

Stan, you need to lay off the cough syrup, alright, seriously. I'm worried about you man. 

Oh, look. It's that little boy who hasn't gotten his period yet.

We made a thousand dollars in eleven days. 

Oh my God, you guys are so cisginger. Sorry I'm different, but you can just suck my clit AND my balls.

Kyle, could you help me out? I need some advice. 

In the ghetto, in the ghetto. He's a boy wearing orange, who's losing his pride, 'cause Kenny and his whole family reside in the ghetto, in the ghetto

It puts the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again.

Yes, and in just a few weeks from now, Family Guy will be off the air forever.

And please buy me more chocolate guns. I'm starting to run out.

Now look, ah I could be wrong. I ...pray that I'm wrong, but, I just want you to take a look and... see what you think.  Do you see anything?

I'll bet you can't, because you guys are all pussies!

No, it was just a dream, my mom said so.

What if I were to tell you there's a way to help those poor babies born addicted to crack, and give them a future as well.

So am I, Kyle. If that sand in your vagina doesn't get released, you could become a walking time bomb. 

Hm, it's kind of a grapey, bleachy flavor.

No, you don't gotta get Cartman's pig!  You leave Fluffy out of this!

...But Mo-o-om, I have to get the first one, or else people won't think I'm coo-oo-ool!

Okay, I'm sorry I handcuffed Billy Turner's ankle to a flagpole and then gave him a hacksaw. And then told him I had poisoned his lunch milk and that the only way he could get to the antidote in time would be to saw through his leg.

Kill you? Oh no. I have much bigger plans for you now.

Now I'm never gonna get my Haibo robot doll!

Why, thank you, Peter Panda. This is Distinctive Earl Grey.

I told you it was a wardrobe malfunction. 

Cool, awesome. Um, Craig, remember how you were tellin' us how your grandma gave you a hundred bucks for your birthday?

Yeah. We'll start right away.  We'll have to do it without him.

There's two more stall in here, gals. Go ahead.

And perhaps worst of all, in hell, there are dozens and dozens of little trinket stores! But they all have the same little trinkets in them-eh!

I am extremely qualified, sir, and very eager to work.

Oh yeah! On Dasher, on Prancer, on Comet-

How could you know anything about who my family is?

Okay okay okay. Come inside, there's drones out here. 

You're welcome, now leave us alone!!  Now! Let the extermination begin!  We will start... with the daywalker!

Yes it is! Now you guys, I'm getting pissed off! You'd better not tell anybody!

No, no! Craig, you you can't fight him here; Mr. Adler would just break it up. Tell you what: I'll go tell him you accept his challenge, and set it up for after school today.

Come ohhhn! Come ohhhn! Oh, for the love of God, how much longer?! 

Let's just say that by this time tomorrow, Token and Nichole are gonna be practically married.

We asked the State of South Carlina for recruits. The reinforcements are bound to show up.

Yeah I got the stuff.  And I got the money. 

All we have to do is sneak back inside without the cops seeing us. Then we can say we were inside all along.

Fine! If you guys don't wanna join us on Black Friday to get XBoxes, then that's fine!

Heidi Turner  is going to have a slumber party on Thursday night. There's no doubt in my mind the girls will be using the future-telling device there. If we... can get somebody invited to that slumber party, not only can we get a hold of the device, but find out how to use it.

Oh, my God..! The identity of the Evil Power won't be revealed until all Chinpokomon are collected by a Royal Crown Chinpoko Master!

Wait a minute! I've got it, you guys! We can get Kyle infected with AIDS! And then start a charity organization that we steal money from! Come on, let's go!  No? We can't give Kyle AIDS?

Oh, well, I got Ms. Ellen a chocolate pie, but uuuuh-I left it at home 

Butters, you've gotta learn to chill. Life goes by pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, and do whatever you want all the time, you could miss it.

Yes, retard. Semen comes from your wiener. Now do it!  Well Butters?!

Shut your God-damned mouth
or else I'm... gonna... kick you
square in the balls... ass-hole
Aw, damn it! 

Well, go put that pizza in the oven, bitch! I'm hungry!  Ow!

All right, this should keep my cat in place while he spreads the urine.  Yesss, poor Mr. Kitty, are you just so upset right now? 

Jesus, don't you guys have any toys? First you put on the black ski mask  and use the torch to cut a hole in the roof. 

I slaughtered five baby seals with my bare hands. What-evah! I'll do what I waunt!

Just do what you were sent to do, dickface! 

G'bye Butters. I'm goin' to a better place. Perhaps I'll see you again sometime! Good-bye!! 

Hey,  that house looks perfect. There's obviously kids living there. 

That, of course, is the voice of my babysitter, Shelly Marsh, who is twelve.

You're not using any of Fluffy's blood, or else I'll kick you in the nuts.  Kyle, Kyle no! 

What?? Eh...  hey you guys! There's nothing to feel bad about! We're, we're off scot-free!

Oh shit!  Butters! Butters, where are you now?

I want to know where I came from.

Oh shit, it's your dad! Go go go!  I'll see you later at my house.

Well, what the hell do you expect, huh?! Now I got your stupid game; tell me how to break out of here!

Thank you all for your patience, and now get ready for Fingerbang!

No, they haven't left yet. Their flight is tomorrow morning.

Alright, alright, I drank the chocolate milk mix and replaced it with kitty litter.

What the Funk & Wagnalls are you talkin' about?

What should we name him, Kenny? I know. How about "McNuggets"?

Whatever. The whole class scored super-high on the test.

Get... get that guy! Shoot that guy! Yeah, and then over here!  Oh, you got it. Nice. 

Stan, why don't you just ask the question?

They don't have Christmas there, guys. We have to give it to them.

Did it talk? The little fetus, did it talk?

If you all don't mind, I would like to do my report now. I know what the founding fathers would say.

I know, right. Women are just jealous 'cause they have to sit outwards to pee and crap.

These are professional people who go around tracking Sasquatches, Kyle! They aren't liars, and they aren't stupid!

Sure, lots of times. I've been laid, like, five thousand times.

Mrs. Garrison, I'm really havin' a difficult time with all these interruptions...

Okay okay, so what do we call Pete Melman when we see him? I was thinking, "Poopypants Pete", but th- but then I also thought of "Mushpants Melman."

Oh, I don't know, I guess I'll take that ring there.

Mr. Peters, can I call you back? Our company accountant needs me. Yes, he is Jewish. Okay, thanks, Mr. Peters. Bye.  How's it goin', man?

I've gotta tell you something, Kyle. The red-headed cow... isn't real. I made him up.

Oh, come on, Token! Your new house is four times the size of anyone else's in town! And who else gets crab cakes and, and lobster tail in their lunch boxes?!

Go have sex with yourself, asshole! I'm not that stupid! Just for that, I'm gonna spend my whole childhood eating what I want, and doin' drugs when I want!  Whatevuh! I'll do what I want!

I'm having a precious Christmastime moment, Kyle, if you don't mind.

Shave your balls? Why would you shave your balls?

Sir, could you step out of the car, please?

Ohh well how nice for you, Stan. It's great you've got a golden rectum of the gods, but the rest of us need Chipotlaway.

Their Web site should have a calendar of events: is there anything big going on in town today?!

You know, that band that sings that song: Well, I'm a creep. I'm a winner...

Wow. Here we are, McNuggets. You're reached the big time. 

It's NOT gonna be okay! Why did they break up?! They were meant for each other!

You may have heard of Super Awesome Talent Agency.

You'll never guess what happened. Butters just beat up Scott Malkinson!

Oh my Gosh, are you serious? That was the cutest top ever!

I just don't know what I'm gonna do.  Sometimes I wonder if God isn't toying with me. 

Byeh, sure. Well, you show me one independent film that  isn't about gay cowboys eating pudding!

Kids at school laugh at us, doctors call us "genetically inferior." The world needs to know that we are people, with feelings! And our parents love us for who we are!

I knew you were trying to have a hippie jam festival! All right, everyone pack up your crap, we're going to our basement!

Uh oh, 5:30, time to pray.  Allah, Allah, m'heh

This is sweet. Camera crews are setting up and I'm looking totally ripped. Beefcake. Beefcake!

That's right. And I also learned from the Internet that just because I put Butters' wiener in my mouth doesn't mean I'm gay! All I have to do is throw away the picture, forget it ever happened, and nobody will ever know. 

I want the batteries for it too. And I get to drive it around in the school parking lot.

Shh shh shh shh Butters Butters.  You you like putting fishsticks in your mouth?

Black people say He-ey!  Cool. White people say Ho ho! 

It's so cool that even though I'm Christian I celebrate Passover too! Yup. I think both holidays are awesome.  I really sympathize with those Jews in Ancient Egypt! I really do! 

Well, you can tell Kyle that he's a dirty goddam son of a bitch!!

Welcome to this performance of Wrestling Takedown Federation: Smackdown. 

"Rise above it!" Get it? Like he can rise above anything! 

Hey, hey, what's going on?!  Hey, let go of me! God-! Ey! I'll kick you in the nuts. D'you hear me?!

What the hell is wrong with you people?!

Hey Jimmy. You're not gonna believe this, but... I ran away from home. I just... I really need the support of my best friend right now.

Butters, you have screwed me out of a prize for the last time! 

This is it, Butters. We have to be strong. We're taking down those God damned Chinese right now.  Things could get ugly in there, Butters. We've got to infiltrate, and find out the Chinese invasion plans. 

I found this in the hallway.  Apparently your student Ike has a crush on you.  You got a crush on your teacher, brah?! Keep it out of my hallway! Go with Christ. Here you go. 

All right, that's good.  Okay, open your mouth, Butters?  That's good, just like that.

Well I... really would need to go home first and get my... Weh no no, I guess I have everything I need. Oh, okay, sure.

Yes. And I... am Bulrog. Tough brute ninja who has dedicated his life to eradicating the world of hippies

Dude, aren't you worried? Wendy's a girl. She could end up getting really hurt, Stan. You're my bro, and she's your bitch. I don't wanna hurt my bro's bitch.

Hey, hey yeah. Then people would be free to call Harley riders fags all over the country.

No, Chef, I'm not gonna let you go out there!

When Hitler rose to power there were a lot of people who just stopped playing. You know who those people were? The French! Are you French, Clyde?

I'm afraid we're gonna have to let you go, as our friend. You're just tooo...

Why? It's perfect. If everyone's blaming the tobacco companies, then nobody's blaming us.

Mom, you don't know what the tooth fairy wants me to do with this money, okay? You're not the tooth fairy! I'll see you later!  Aw, man, this is so tits!

Have you guys seen this? It's a conditioner that you can leave in, and it detoxifies the scalp.

Maybe we started to rely on Microsoft and Sony so much that we forgot that all we need to play are the simplest things. Like, like this.  We could just play with this. Screw video games, dude! Who fuckin' needs them?!

This is terrible. Five hundred years in the future. 

It's Token. I think he's a ticking time bomb.

And we're really sad to see you go. Let's give a big round of applause for Kyle, everybody. Hip hip.

Hello, Kyle. Looks like you've run into a little snag in your plan as well.

Okay, we'll try this again.  Hi, everyone. I am a young boy looking for fun times with older male. I like to-  Oh, this one looks good: HungDaddy.  Hello, HungDaddy.  "Hi. I'm eight and a half inches." Damn, dude, this guy's tiny. He must be a dwarf.  Sorry, I'm not interested in being friends with midgets.  Midgets piss me off. Frowny face.  Lemme see, how about this one?

I came just in time to see Mr. Denkins giving his report to Officer Barbrady. And of course, to steal the bodies...  After a night with the hacksaw, I was all ready to put on my Chili Con Carnival, so that I could tell you personally about your parents' demise! And of course, feed you your chili.  Do you like it? Do you like it, Scott?  I call it, "Mr. & Mrs. Tenorman Chili."

Look, Kenny and I are mature now. We can't spend New Year's Eve with a couple of kids. Did you get your Maxi pads, Kenny?

Ah, man, I had this crazy nightmare last night.

Oooo, hang on, Jimmy, it looks like Kyle has the dish on some students' bathroom habits. Kyle?

Don't you see?? If I get one of those phones, I can call myself in the past and tell me not to freeze myself.  Then I can go back into my time... and play Nintendo Wii.

Out of the way. Out of the way please. 

I like going to school now. Jakovasaurs are so cool. 

Wendy,  I have here twenty-seven dollars in cash. If you just call off the fight then I-

You guys, you guys! You're not gonna believe it! 

You shouldn't pick on kids with diabetes, that's not cool. I'm Scott Malkinson.

Fruttar sheshar.  What the hell is going on here? We've gotta sneak our back into the back Butters- uh huck!  There they are! Chinese people! There are Chinese people right over there!  Do you see them?

Would you like those pants cleaned for four ninety five?

Now, I think the four million should be split evenly among the three of us, except that I should get a twenty percent per negation fee off the gross for having come up with the idea.

I hate you guys so much. So very very much. And this is not over. Not by a long shot. 

Stop it! Where am I, you guys? Oh God! 

Okay, Kenny. I'll trade you my Chuchunezumi for your Pengin.

What?! Oh, that's right, I forgot to- Dammit! Uh, okay.  Put him on speaker.

Aww, suck-up, suck-up!  What?! That's an obvious suck-up move.

Alright, now, Stan. For you I've put together a really nice design. I feel your parents were a bit more cocky about lying to you and your revenge needs to reflect that. So what I wanna to is put a note on your parents' door, telling them I'm the counselor from the school.

Okay, cool. I'm gonna go left to right, is that good?

Oh! Me me, me. Me! Me me! Me! Right here! Right here right here.

I found the woman you need to talk to for me. Look!  Doctor Lindsay, expert in the paranormal. She can tell us what to do!

Hey guys, listen!  I finally know how you feel, Kyle. Know your religion is right but being laughed at by everyone else. It's so hard for us Jews. But I guess we just have to let stupid people believe what they are gonna believe.

Oh, right. Why should we care?  Yes, why should we care? Indeed, eh. Let's just let Scott Tenorman walk away with my sixteen dollars and twelve cents. Hell, let's let all the Scott Tenormans of the world take what's ours and laugh in our faces. Why stand up for yourselves when you can just walk out of here right now and say, "It's not your problem." But... years from now, when you're old and have children of your own, what would you give to come back and fight this one day? This one day, when you could have made a difference! Where you could have told Scott Tenorman, "You may take our pride, but you'll never take my Goddamned sixteen dollars and twelve cents!!"  Now who's with me?!! 

You're doing unnatural things in the house of God!

No, because the battery is dead; it just ran out of power!

What did I tell you, Butters? This is the good life, huh?  What's going on?

No! Hold on a second!  I have a contract  validated by the United States court system!

Hey Stan.  Oh Goddammit you told Kyle, didn't you?!

Mom. Mom, the Chinese are gonna get me.

Thanks, Mr. Stallone. We're just sorry she wasn't a better boxer. 

Because I'm the official spokesman. I got dibs on it.

Yeah well I don't like it! It doesn't follow!

No, dude, he's half man and half bear and half pig.

Alright alright! Keep your voice down! I'll bump you up to 10%.

Thanks, doc, but you aren't gonna make me feel any better.

Wait waitwait whoa whoa whoa. You're telling me there's an illness that makes you blurt out obscenities?

Um, okay. This is goin' ta sound a little strange. Um, but, stick with me. Um, moooommm? Would you mind coming with me to sign up for the Special Olympics so I can beat all the handicapped kids and win a thousand dollars? 

Why would a terrorist just blow up a school? It's not their M.O. Unless... Oh my God! Unless this was all just a big diversion.  Kyle, I need you to Google-search the South Park Chamber of Commerce!

If I crap in the woods, the blood will attract beavers, Kyle!

We're actually on our way over to Kyle's because our costumes are so multi-faceted and cool we have to put them on together.

Well, hi there.  Uh, wha-what are you doing tonight?

No, nothing  No, nothing here! Nothing this way!  Tr... treasure.

Yes, Brother Kyle hmm, but our work is not over. We must still recruit ten more audience members in order to get the prize.

That's because I was having these bogus nightmares all night long.

Wait, wait, wait, you mean we aren't going to sue and get a bunch of money?

Well you don't expect me to get the WiFi-only 16-gig version, do you?

The ticket! Kenny didn't have it on him when he died! He put it away somewhere!  Don't you see? I can still have my candy shopping spree! Oh my God!  You guys! YOU GUYS!!

Yes! I think maybe I'll have another abortion! Right here, right now!

Welcome, Clyde. Please put your present on the table to your left. Welcome, Bebe, presents go to your left. Welcome, Chef.

All right, what kind of atmosphere are you reading, Vulcan Jew?

Noo nono, I'm not getting in a pool with Kenny. He has herpes.

So now, the inevitable question: if terrorists didn't cause 9/11, who did?  Remember that there are in fact two towers. Two minus one is one; one one - 11; two minus one is one; one one, and there are nine members on Silverstein's board of directors. That's nine-one-one. Nine-eleven. And take 2 - 1 + 9/11 and you get 12, which leads us all to the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks. . Kyle!

So weak dude. Dark times, brah, dark times.  Dude, what the hell? You're wearing a "What Would Jesus Do" bracelet!

Don't you see? This time of year we should be bringing Christmas to the less fortunate! Follow me!  You guys, come on! Right now! 

Hey! Who was that?! Who came to the door?!

Hi Ellen.  Do you guys like fishsticks?  Thank you, thank you. No, really. Thank you.

I get by. Let's see, I'm gonna need some gold necklaces, diamond bracelets, and emerald earrings.

I would never let a woman kick my ass.  If she tried anything, I'd be like, "hey, you get your bitch ass back in the kitchen, and make me some pie!"

Yeah! Well said, Kyle! Good point! What, what happened to the significance?

Well, that's nice, but I'm gonna get a Pengin. He's the coolest.  God damnit, there's no more Pengins!  Kenny, Pengin is my favorite. That's the last one. Let me have it. 

How the hell was that a strike?!  Goddamnit, he's going to first!

Your story is full of holes and I'm gonna beat your ass if you don't start tellin' the truth! 

Oh, hello, excuse me, but Craig is the biggest troublemaker in our class.

You condone Rascal-tipping, Kyle?! Do you know that all over our country people in mobility scooters are being victimized?!

Okay Jimmy. First off, tell her how good she looks.

Dolphins, eskimos, who cares?! It's all a bunch of tree hugging hippie crap!

Look, retards! My name is Eric Cartman! I live with my mom in South Park, Colorado!

Uh huh. Alright, let's see who our first chat partner is. Connect.

Maybe? If I hadn't called you, you wouldn't have been on your computer checking out the Clinton rally. That means my intolerance of Muslims saved America.

The guy on TV who had incredible things for people to buy? He died four months ago but they still show his commercials all the time? Oh, oh for the love of Christ, here!  Here here! This, this is him!

Eh-- 
For I've got to be free
Free to face the life that's ahead of me
On board I'm the captain, so climb aboard
We'll search for tomorrow, on every shore
And I'll try, oh lord, I'll try to carry on
Maymaynemay Maymaynemay Maymaynemay Maymaynemay
A gathering of angels appeared above my head
They sang to us this song of hope
And this is what they said
Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me... lads
Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me
I thought that they were angels, but to my surprise
We climbed about their starship and headed for the skies
Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me... lads
Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me... lads

Cool.  Ah, Kyle is at the door. Come in, Kyle!  Who are you?

Uh, that's cool. I'm actually not... playing anymore.

I found this car seat in Mr. Garrison's car. 

We got you a present, Butters. I'll put it here on your nightstand 'cause none of us want to touch you since you got queefed on.

Hmmm. I wonder what I should do with my triangle, now that it is mmyy triangle.

He crapped his pants today during social studies! He had to go to the nurse's office, and have his mom bring him a fresh pair of jeans! 

All right, all right, I'm sorry. Go ahead, Kyle.

Will he bleed? That's all we care about.

Right, but... if you love children so much, how come you're not a mommy?

Weh- who do you think I'm talkin' about, Butters? Joyce de Witt?

I hope they're not Austrians. That's the last thing this town needs. 

Uh oh.  Sounds like you're still angry, Token.

"Pretty cool." So, um, should we go to Black Bart's Cave first or watch the puppet show? I think we should go through Black Bart's Cave right away 'cause, we're gonna wanna do it seven or eight times. And then we'll watch the cliff divers before the puppet show.

Well, when City Wok sees how skinny Butters is, they're not gonna want him to just make one commercial, they're gonna want several.

I don't believe it. She's using the Mel Gibson defense.

Hey guys, you know what we should do? We should go get a-  Huh?! 

Okay, that's does it! Now listen! Why is it that everything today has involved things either going in or coming out of my ass?! 

Chef, God told me I was to start a boy band and make $10 million dollars. The problem is, it isn't working. I mean,  I feel the music burning inside me. But I just can't express it right, you know? 

We got a real sick kid here, Mike. Did you get the other things for us?

Okay, Stan, I'm gonna you... a UFO crash-landing card!  You can deny it, or cover it up.

We drill.  I've designed a vehicle that can bore its way through even the densest hippie crowd. They pilots inside will be safe from the pot smoke and the crappy music outside.

Herr Kommandant Cartman has ways of making you talk! 

Yeah yeah yeah, take steps to protect it, blah blah blah.  We here this a million times back up in the States.

Dude, dude! Check it out! This is the sweetest thing I've ever done!

Goddammit Butters, you'd better have it! Butters, you're always trying to screw me over!

Kyle, it's very simple: we followed Ally Sheedy out to her car, but on the way we were accosted by five Scientologists who wanted to give us all personality tests, which were administered at the Scientology Center in Denver until 10:45, at which time we accidentally boarded the wrong bus home and ended up in Rancho de Burritos Rojos, south of Castle Rock, and finally got a ride home with a man who was missing his left index finger, named Gary Bushwell, arriving home at 11:46, you got it??

What the? ...Oh, Token's shy. Oh my God, that is adorable.

He has to. He's been ordered by the court.

All that treasure.  It's all mine!  So long as these greedy assholes don't find out about it!  You would all just looove to get your hands on my treasure, wouldn't you?! Even though I found it, you'd love to think it's somehow yours, too! God, I hate you guys!  Especially you, you money-grubbing snake in the grass!  Well I have news for you, Kyle! You're never going to get my treasure. I've got a little plan going, to get the treasure out of here without you ever knowing. 

Alright, alright, alright, who is the freaking genius who dressed him up in little suspenders? Clyde, was that you? Gahahahahaha!

I'll pay you afterwards. Promise. Okay, Timmy, roll camera. 

Heh, he's doing something to his ass. He's not kicking his ass, but he's definitely doing something to his ass.

Don't try to change the subject, Kyle.  You've done a really good job of getting out of this bet, but it's finally time to settle. Get ready for your sundae, Kyle. With extra nuts. 

Hey! Wait a minute! When do I get to be on television?

Kyle, we've gotta get that sand out of your vagina. It's making you cranky. Does it itch?

Right, and wi-  Wait a minute. You never think my ideas are good, Kyle.

Oh, what the hell is that little Pollack gonna do, huh? Come on, you guys. I say we create our own mob crime family!

Well God, I guess you got me again, didn't you? Hyeah, that was a good one, God. Hope it made you laugh, you sick bastard.

But it's the only way for us to be happy. 

Oh nonono, now you're gonna have to get us something else! 

By who? Goddammit Garrison, who is my father?

Hahahahahaaaha!  I got you kinda! I got you kinda!

No, just the same old crap I always see when I close my eyes.

So pick another one! I'm the dwarf, you stupid asshole! Log out, create a new character, and log back in!

CartmaaanBrah! Dude, check it out. Lady Gaga is singing Christmas songs. Isn't she a Jew?

Yes. These people, Jakov, these people need you. I need you. Please, Jakov. Stay?

Nobody can! It's gone! You just couldn't take it that our company was more successful than yours would ever be!

Yeah.  We'll see you later, Kyle.  Guess there's no reason for you to come, since you don't get Christmas presents.

What what?  Jesus, you buttholes! It's six in the morning!

Alright, that's everybody. Let's go post these numbers.  What?

This is bullcrap! A guest speaker comes to our class and assigns us a report on Thanksgiving?

Heh, heh, that's a, that's, that's a little joke. Heh, heh.

Sure you do. You're a great mom.Who's got the greatest mom in the world?I dooo.My mom is number one in my heart.It's true!

Um, recess is almost over, I don't I don't know if there's really time.

Hey, so um, as I'm going through people's e-mails and phone calls, um, how do I know which people to start with?

Not just somebody. I need a complete team to operate this vehicle. Along with me I'm gonna need a scientist, an engineer, and of course, a black person who can sacrifice himself in case something goes wrong.

God these guys are so annoying, aren't they? CartmaaanBrah!

Listen, you're my friends, but if you've been compromised, I'll have no problem taking you out! I'll expect the same from you. 

Do British people count as an ethnicity for hate crimes?

That's right Stan.  It's a cash cow, I tell you.

But you know, we've all learned something, you guys. We can never persecute living beings and force them into hiding. It's wrong. 

Spooge, balls, bloody... vaginal... belch!  You guys, don't laugh. It makes me feel insecure about my illness.

Wow, I've seen all you guys on the Internet!

Eh, you wanna hold hands with a girl? Gaywad!  All right, let's be partners, Kyle.

We shouldn't have this many responsibilities! We're children!

Yeah. Piss out your ass right onto Kyle's mom's fat fucking Jew face!  Oh goodness, 'scuse me. Jeez, that was a bad one.  Well, gotta run, everybody. Got some big things in the works.  Isn't having Tourette's awesome? 

Time! Time is what we need, but time is something we ain't got!

Oh shit here we go!  It's on! Race war!  Race war! Race war!  Race war is on, everybody! It's going down! Shit is going down! 

I have learned of a dark magic at work. The day after Thanksgiving, the first thirty people inside the mall get 80% off whatever they want. They are calling it... Black Friday.

Everything was great in third grade. And now that it's all over, we're starting to see just how special it was.
Remember how it used to be in the Third Grade?
We used to laugh and play and cherish each day in the Third Grade
We learned wondrous things from a teacher so nice
Sat on marshmallow desks with teddy-bear smiles
The world seemed to all make sense
but that sense seems to slowly fade
After Third Grade
In the Third Grade we used to write with crayons
We would make sparkly pictures with glitter and glue
We had warm cookies and hearts full of love
And there wasn't a care in the world of me... of you...
There's not a thing in this life that I wouldn't trade just to go back, for one minute
To Third Grade

Kyle, so help me God, if you Jew us out on this one, I will fucking kill you!

What the hell?! This game's all boring now!

Tom Saltzman's dad is an alcoholic who drinks and drives! 

Uhh trust me, he's not fat and unimportant. I think we need to change his status to "ripped and sweet."  'Scuse me. Excuse me! There's a very important threat to national security! We need to change Eric Cartman's status!

Mom.can you go make me a toaster pastry chocolate-mix butter ball? 

Oh, ask him about the murder now, Kyle.

Yeah, and he walks with a limp. Because one of his legs is missing. And where his leg should be, there's nothing but…Patrick Duffy.

Come on, let me kick you in the nuts for it! 

Cows are on a six and O slide since Kelly's father left for that business trip.

Yeah? Well, Ol' Mrs. Streible probably had it comin' to her.

But if I'm not the most out-of-control teen, I might not win the prize.  Excuse me, I wanna make a quick change. Where's wardrobe?

Well, come on, we don't have a choice. 

Well guys, I guess now you see what I was up to all along. I dressed up like a handicapped person and lost the Special Olympics on purpose, so that Jimmy could learn his lesson about steroids.  Eh, oh yeah?! We- well you guys are assholes!  Grow up! 

But he finally got the courage to answer his heart's call.

Dude, screw you. Your Internet thing was so last year.

This is going to be hard to understand, Butters,  but, you've become trapped in a simulation. None of this...  is real.

I told you guys, you're not gonna believe it. It's a miracle!

Well, I'm a badass cowboy living in a cowboy's
Age wicky wicky scratch yo yo bang bang
Me and Artemus Clyde Frog go save
Salma Hayek from the big metal spider
Wicky wicky wick, wicky wicky wick, Fresh
Cowboy from the Westside-

NO DON'T! Don't leave me here, you assholes. Don't leave me here to die. 

I can't believe I got sent to the principal's office because of your stupid girlfriend!

I just might sit here until my ass fuses into the couch. 

Yes. It's all finally come to fruition.  The final cog in my... master plan.  This Saturday I will go on national television, live. I will say ...horrible things on the air.  Despicable things. And people will call me brave.

Where the hell is Kyle, we don't have all night to wait for him.

We're trying to raise money for our friend, Chef.  Would you like a Moon Crunchie or a Snacky Cake?

You know, jus'... layin' down some rhymes for G-folk, you know what I'm sayin'?

Oh wow, poor people being arrested. What a rare occurrence.  Hi, Kenny! Kenny, wave!  That's Kenny, about to be sent to a foster home. Pretty funny.

No need. I have one for you right here. 

There she is! Get her!  Die, you stupid bitch!

Dude, this is awesome. I should've used the girls bathroom a long time ago.

I see two guys inside. They have Sarah Peterson's doll, you stupid Jew!

Ellen, comedy is like a game of racquetball, you know? You serve, and the other person hits it back. It bounces off the wall, you backhand it. And it goes back and forth and back and forth and then hopefully you've got a good joke. Thank you.

Dude, I really can't hear you Lawrence. Are you outside or something?

Oh okay.  Okay, retard, you really don't know how to make semen come out?!

Believe me, Butters, you don't wanna see what's up there. Now come on. I'll guide you to a safer location. &lt;/&gt; There you go. Two more steps and you're at the top.  Good.

I...  told your mom you got an F on that social studies test.

What's happened? Well, let's see: You bet me that I couldn't prove that leprechauns were real. And if I could prove it, you had to suck my balls, I believe.

I don't know if we're turning into a Smurf-hating school or what we're turning into, but unless you ask why , we're gonna transform into something.

Now, are you a team player or not?!

Oh my God, this is it, Butters. This is what I'm here to stop. Come on, Butters. This psychic boy and his ghost pal are going to save the day!

Okay, so now we just need to get a picture of Stan's mom naked. Cool.

This is hopeless. How am I supposed to shoot Token with all these stupid rules?!  Wait a minute. I can't shoot Token,  but I can shoot anyone I want in Florida?

But dad, my friend Kyle says that if we don't do whatever the Hebrews want us to do, God is gonna kill little Egyptian boys.

I can't, I have to win those two tons of candy.

That's different! I'm just a little boy! That's a cartoon! Millions of people watch it! How would you feel, Kyle, if there was a cartoon on television that made fun of Jews all the time?! Huh?!

Dude, we need your turkey for our play!

Butters, I'm seriously! Are you fucking with me?!

And my friend Kyle has - a dad, and my friend Kenny has a dad?

I played that thing; it's fuckin' dumb. I ended up paying like five bucks.

Yes. And I've learned something, too.  Being a sellout is sweet. Because you make a lot of money. And when you have money, you don't have to hang out with any poor-ass losers- like you guys. Screw you guys, I'ma goin' home.

But mom, me and Artemus Clyde Frog still have to do our love scene with Salma Ha-yek.

Oh, please. Bradying is to 2000 and lame.

Oh yeah, you're right.  Are you gonna eat all of your peach cobbler? No, you don't want all that, why don't you share it with me, man?  Just slide that right on over here. Let me just have some of that here...

Yeah, you forgot. Just like a lot of people lately have forgot that AIDS is still killing people! Seems like all of America has forgot that HIV is a serious disease.

I'm getting rid of our problem. Kyle will be dead in a matter of hours.

Oh my God! The tiny underwater civilization has advanced hundreds of years.  Look! There's a library! A-and a temple! And a- who-?  Oh. They think I'm God.  Yes!!! I am god of the sea people!!! You hear that?!  I am god of the sea people!!! I am master of their great sunken empire!!!  Mo-o-om! I'm god of the sea people!

My God, this thing must really be powerful. 

Did you guys see a big panda bear in here, or not?

Ay! What the hell am I supposed to do with these things, huh?! Goddammit! 

You guys! You guys have to do something to stop this! Come on!  Well, looks like at least you've got some sense left in you, Kyle. So what are we gonna do to keep the Mayan prediction from coming true, buddy?

Ms. Lopez, would you like to talk about Latinos and the arts?

Yeah. I didn't wanna do it, Jesus. They made me do that.

So last night, while Butters was asleep, I gave him a Hitler.

Mr. Garrison, do we really need all this potty talk in the classroom?

Maybe he put that videotape in here somewhere.

Look at it, Kenny. It is the greatest clubhouse ever built.  Oh, man!

You know, escargot, my cargo, one eighteen, sippin' on booze at the House of Blues

Look at that guy. He's like 40, but he's got a Justin Bieber haircut.

He's a black kid that goes to my school?

No! Look, Goddamnit! Now I can show you stupid assholes who I really am! 

Yeah hippie, go back to Woodstock if you can't shoot anything.

Slowly the rage built inside his mind.  "Why won't she let me eat that pie? Why does she always stop me from doing what I wanna do?!" His only solution became obvious: Kill her!

Yes, we know, Ms. Broflovski. It's so very interesting.

...I've never heard the words "only" and "candy" in the same sentence before.

All right, dickhole! Time for you to pay!  Oh no! I have no powers! Kyle took them away from me! Quick, Kyle, give me back my powers so I can fight this evil villain!

Well, I just thought I'd tell you that me and Kenny have finished our clubhouse, and we already have chicks over.

D-don't you see? If we go and exterminate everyone who isn't ginger, then we're no better than they were for thinking less of us. Maybe we all have to learn to live... together.

...So, anyways, if you wanna just start filling out the form, we'll get you enrolled in Coon and Friends right away.

Well did you finish watching Season 3 like I asked you?

If we don't get to Florida there's not going to be a Baltimore left!  Black guy in the back!  Alight, now let's find Zimmerman.

I think... you and I might be able to help each other here today.

...Token. Do you want me to pass her a jelly bean?

Yeah, if these talent agents wanna play rough, we can play rough too! 

You're very welcome, Polly Prissy Pants.  Would you like some tea, Clyde Frog?

Mayor! Mayor, I confirmed the data! The hippies are going to have a massive jam band concert!

Forget it, all right?! We'll use another airline! One that cares! 

Well, because... AWESOM-O can, like, back it up for you, and make copies and stuff. I am AWESOM-O.

What?! Eeyy, you son of a bitch! I'll kick you in the nuts! 

It's Christmas. We officially missed it. It's Christmas Day and ... I'm in Canada.

And then it was on Leno and the Jimmy Kimmel show! Dude, that's our joke on national television.

So that's what this has all been about?

Sir, we have come to offer you the business deal of a lifetime.

Hello, sir, my name is Kris
Kristofferson. I'm with the IRS. I'm here to collect ten dollars that you own in back taxes.

Oh goddamnit, nobody's doing anything kewl!  I'm so bored! Everything is so stupid!

Goddamnit!  Who the fuck do they think they are?!  This is the last fucking straw! I AM GOING TO FUCKING KILL EVERYBODY!

Goddamn it! When are they gonna say "shit"?!

Oh my God, this can't be happening!  Mom? Mom's crying? Oh God, it is true!  Oh, it's not fair!  Why??? Why??? 

Let's just see where Token's clothes come from, shall we?  Ooooo, Armani Exchange!

You aren't there to have fun, you black asshole! You were supposed to be getting the future-telling device.

Excuse me! Hello?! Can somebody tell my why we're going to Jim's Drugs to buy Voltar cards when Wall-Mart has them for three bucks cheaper?

Stan, what the hell is wrong with you? I can't understand your lines!

Would you look at that? It's just incredible, isn't it?

You guys, shut up. I'm not under alien control.

The spirit of the dragon is in your hands. Hurshar kashurshar. Hurlong churshar. All right?

I've known Clyde Frog since I was two years old. He was a fighter, a visionary. But most of all, Clyde Frog was the perfect friend. He never said anything. He never had his own ideas about what he wanted to do. He just sat there goin' along with whatever I wanted. A noble trait that seems lost on you 99%ers.  And now we live in a world where one of you has decided to become a murderer. Well whoever you are, I'm sure you're sitting there right now, in your little green hat, with your left cheek resting against your hand thinking, "I'm not getting away with this, am I?" Because whoever you are, maybe you still have one little piece of humanity left, covered up and tainted black by years of Jewish propaganda and left-wing lies. Maybe you should just-

There. That's three more songs we've written already! Your style of music is so easy it doesn't require any thought at all!

We're Faith Plus One, Token, there'll be plenty more money. Relax and enjoy, black asshole.  There's hors d'oeuvres and drinks by the Ferris wheel, everyone!  Oh Kyle, guys, so nice to see you!

Because I need to, all right?! I've got something planned that's uh gonna be really sweet. Just play along, okay?

Hey, we didn't start the fire, Trent Boyett did.

Kenny, face it: Girls don't wanna Pop Tarts for dinner every night when they get married.

Cut the crap, I thought we were here for lawsuit money!

I'm just asking you to lie for me. You love me, don't you?

You'll get your money when you finish doing what I asked you, all right? Now as soon as I lock the door, just give me a few seconds to arm the system, then you break in and try to rape my mom. Okay? You got it?  Hello?

Well, I wanna know who my dad is, but... to find out they have to do these DNA tests, and they cost $3000 and... I don't have $3000.

You don't even know what the Primary Main Objective is?

Okay, fine!  I'm white trash and I'm in trouble!

I need... Somebody said you... could help me. I... have to... I haven't... had... KFC... in over... a week. 

Psych! I wasn't gonna give you an invitation, hehehehehehe! Hey, who cut your hair? Stevie Wonder?  Byah. Oof! 

Kyle, I was going to suggest that maybe you should... hang out with the other ugly kids in the school. Because if you hang out with them, you won't stand out so much. Right?  Cool. 

Well welcome to the club, Kenny. You got your period, so now you're a man. We can hang out together on New Year's Eve.  But first you need to buy some Maxi pads to stuff in the back of your pants so you don't get blood on your underwear.

Just enough power to force you to stop me from selling my book! Face it, you're a lackey, Mackey!

So there is no war now in the future.

Oh yeah?! My mom took me to see Mel Gibson's movie, The Passion, and Mel Gibson says you are sneaks and you are liars. And if the Road Warrior says it, it must be true.

You let them out?! Jesus, we have to find them!

All right, that's fine! Butters, I'll crash with you.

Now you say, "It puts the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again."

He stuttered like a bitch! I've got this job in the bag!  Who are you?

GOD I HATE CRAIG!!  That son of a... djah!! 

Oh, nothing, except that you stick it up your ass before you go to bed.

Butters, that's all drones are for. If we use it for a couple of minutes tonight, your dad will never know.

Well fuck you, Kyle!! I hope you die! I hope you fucking die!! 

Clyde, Clyde? Did you see that?  Yeah, we- Whoa, we think it's gonna be good, too.

Hey! That was Kyle that went #2 in the urinal!

Yes. Now it may appear in the picture... that I'm actually looking at the camera lens and s-and smiling, with the penis in my mouth. And giving a thumbs up. But I assure you, I was fast asleep!

You guys! You guys! This is sooo funny!

Mr. Garrison, Stan's behavior is having an adverse effect on my education.

Somebody, I guess, was spying on Craig's mom and they got pictures of her bush, and it's like, it's like a yeti. You guys wanna check it out? 

Scott, Scott! Courtney Love is in South Park! She's all drunk and spreading her legs and showing her poonanner to everybody! You gotta go check it out! I'll watch your house for ya!

No, I didn't get herpes, I just had a cold sore.

Mom! MOOOM! Mom!  Seriously! Something wonderful has happened!

Ms. Lopez, could you show everyone your example of Latino arts?

Put the lotion in the fucking basket!  Oh no! Precious!  I've got your dog, Mister. Let me out or I'm gonna kill it!  Now you say, "Don't you hurt my fuckin' dog!"

Oh, sorry, you might get some germs while you're walking around in human feces!

I'm trying to protect people. And why are you so quick to try and cover up Jewpacabra's existence?

I heard it on HBO. It means, like, you know, when you...  pretend to use your finger like a gun or something.

We have to take him to that rancher's barn to see his girlfriend.

I get to wear it first, you guys.

Come on guys, I have to face facts. NASCAR is only for poor and stupid people. I don't have what it takes! 

What are you doing down in the sewer with a bunch of snorkel stuff on?

And to that end, by resorting to filth and garbage, the Canada Channel has thusly...

Please, Mr. Meryl, but, the news is our life. Without it, we have nothing.

I'm volunteering, Kyle! It just so happens Sarah McLachlan touched my heart. Is that so hard to believe?!  Goodbye, Ms. Williams. See you tomorrow. 

You've gotta give yourself over to Christ, brah.

You can stop talkin' behind my back; I'm right here, fruitcake.

All right, now get out of here. You can't freeze too, or else we're both screwed.  Get out of here, you asshole! You're gonna ruin everything!

Okay, fine, I guess we'll look for- Oh no!! Look out! It's a giant four-headed lava frog! Shoot it!  Oh no, it got Kyle!

It's better than your dress! You look like a bad Jennifer Lopez nightmare!

NFL, Catholic Church, same thing! Okay, let's use the Catholic Church! You take a moral stand on issues, you say you're about honor and integrity, and the next thing you know, your clergymen are getting caught beating up their wives in an elevator!

Guys, I think maybe Kenny's a little hurt because he was the big Magic champion, and now chickens are stealing his thunder.

I ate my underwear!  What the hell do you want from me?!  Weh-

Now we head back to Colorado, here.  We need to get my video of the Jewpacabra into the hands of professionals who can analyze it.

What the hell is this?! Chocolate milk mix?!

'Cause then it wouldn't be a surprise, would it? 

Everything's great, Mom.  No! Come back here and flush the toilet, you silly! Noohoho! 

Mr. Mackey, is it possible that you can see something so funny that it ruins your sense of humor forever?

Hello??  Whoever you are, just give them back! Haven't you done enough to me?! 

Butters, Goddamnit, I'm not in your imagination! I'm dead and for some reason you can see me!

We started with two crack babies and a camera. Butters did all the Internet stuff. We've built up to a thousand hits a day.

But why? Why should they get the bell?

Okay, Kyle. We're gonna get splashed some more, but if you wanna go make love to the whale, that's fine. 

Tango tango tango! We've got it! Let's get it to the containment center! Go! 

Alright. Clyde Donovan, 2.3 inches.  You see, witnesses? That's .2 inches more than what the school said.

Yeah, I'm really starting to fill out nicely.

Damn, man, someone's got to pull that monkey out of Wendy's ass. 

It doesn't matter. Enough students will crap their pants to make everyone forget about Pete Melman and Jenny Simons forever.

So?! So, dude, think about it. If somebody just pretended to be mentally handicapped, they could easily win the competition and get the thousand bucks!

It's not gonna be okay because now I'm a whistleblower, and against my conscience I'm gonna have to hide out in Russiaaaa! 

What do you guys want to do? We've got the whole summer to play!

Ms. Lopez, would you like to give Kyle a kiss?

No, you CAN'T go.  Hey, Clyde, Butters, check this out

Yeah, if you don't eat meat at all, you become a pussy.

You know what, we're getting pretty sick of your attitude, Craig.

God, I'm glad you guys know all these "pooping outside" rules!  Urgh. Come on, now.

Code names are what they are, Blackie! Check your six and alert when in position! 

So wwe won't go to hell as long as we eat crackers.

Ohhh no no nonono! Nobody is putting their finger in my ass again! Unless it's Kyle. 

No, nonono! Because apparently these two people... also kind of look like they have butts where their heads should be! 

Yeah it's a good idea! Now go get us Slash for halftime!  Jesus Christ!  Are we the only two intelligent people in this entire company, Kyle? Goddamn!

This is killing me. The human body was not meant to move quickly like that.

Stan, don't be such a dumbass. You have to trust people. 

I'm just thinking out loud.  Do you have anything to say, Skyler, Shelly's boyfriend who is sitting right heuh?

Guys? Don't you notice anything wrong with this picture?

Okay fine, let him speak!  Then we kill every non-ginger here!  You... you what? 

Look, you've gotta be firm with these people or they just slack off and be poor forever. Right, Kenny?  Hey, maybe that's it, Kenny. Maybe you're Costa Rican; that's why your family's so poor.

This is a nightmare. This is a nightmare and I CAN'T WAKE UP!

O! At least I have as ass, Jew!

Yeah, it's that kid Kyle again. He's a total boner, always listening in on my calls.

Yea. It is nice to see you, Sister, but I must prepare for my next sermon. 

All right, did you write the four essays?

I'm, I'm telling you that I'm not doing the show?

I ain't arguin'. If they got paid, then how did we make all owr money, right?

Oh, it's gonna be like that, is it?!

I'm just saying you're just a little wuss, that's all.

"Yes I do, you guys."  Oh wow, did you hear him, Kenny?

I wanna ride again! I wanna ride again!

And there was a leprechaun! You saw it, Kyle!!

Come on guys. If we all help out, we can do it super-fast.

Oh! O-oh! Oh man, I lost another endorsement! How'd you do that?

Look, maybe they're all part of the same thing. Santa and Jesus and hell and- leprechauns. Maybe they're all real in the same wway, right?

Let, let us remember the good times, Kenny would have wanted it that way. 

KYLE! IT'S ALL GONE! THEY'VE TAKEN IT ALL! WHY ARE THEY DOING THIS?! KYLE! KYLE!

Yeah-uh, Token! Don't think it won't come after you just because you're black!

Yeah, I'm just gonna teach her a lesson. I'm not gonna totally... kick her ass. 

I told you guys! Here it is, right here. "The brown noise."

Is there a cash prize involved in your show as well?

God, you know what, that's so true? Because, you sometimes never really think about how old a pet is until it's gone.

They don't think Scuzzlebutt is scary huh? Let's see how they like it when they actually see Scuzzlebutt! I'll scare the hell out of them tomorrow!

It's a picture ...of me.  And um... what appears to be... a penis... in my mouth.

"That was supposed to be my power-up pack, I'm Scott Malkinson and I have diabetes."

Oh yeah?! I saw Mel Gibson's movie, The Passion, and Mel Gibson says, in the movie, Jews are the Devil!

Fine! And then we'll get girls to play Truth or Dare, too!

Dude jacking off... Dude jacking off...  That's a dude jacking off...

Well, I dreamt that I was lying in my bed...  in the dark, when all of a sudden this bright blue light filled the room.  Then slowly my bedroom door begin to open,  and the next thing I remember, I was being drug through a hallway.  Then I was lying on a table,  and these scary hands wanted to operate on me. And they had big heads and big black eyes...

Dude, my eyes are seriously screwed up. Chef looks like a skinny little white guy.

Inspiration. Wait a minute,  that's it. Inspiration, you guys. Don't you see?

Okay, um, we're gonna get the zingy tangy wings, and mozzarella tasty tarts  and uh, OH, and the bite-size pizzazzas, and a pitcher of lemonade.

What has happened to this place?
I don’t recognize it anymore.
It used to be so fun and special.
What is life worth living for?
The dream is dead, our land is gone;
There’s a hole in my heart and I can’t go on.
There are too many minorities (minorities)
At my water park (my water park).
This was our land, our dream (our dream),
and they’ve taken it all away.
They just keep coming and coming (minorities).
I tried to go and tell the police,
But even the authorities
Are minorities
At my water park.
There’s no place for me to sit anymore,
And the lines just keep getting crazier.
There are Mexicans all around me.
The lazy river has never been lazier.
It’s a 40 minute wait to go down one slide,
And the instructions are in Spanish on the Zip Line ride!

Hey you guys, you know what they call a Jewish woman's boobs? Jewbs. 

Oh, looks like you landed on Park Avenue, Stan. You own me ten million dollars.

You came so close to stopping me, didn't you, Kyle. There was just one thing you didn't count on: that more people besides me hate Family Guy.

Dude, you can't take my Dances with Smurfs idea and turn it into your own thing-

Guys, can I talk to you over here for a second?  Look, guys, a lot of the kids in school are talking, okay? And they're spreading rumors that we're not metrosexuals because... we hang out with Kyle.

Oh? I've got a better idea. Why don't you two go fuck yourselves?

Next order, please! Get your Cartman Burgers here, fresh and flavorful.

But you have to come back. We hate our new scout leader.

Thank you so much. Christ has really blessed us with talent.

Now, that's what I call a sticky situation. Uheheheh, heh.

Yep. We're all done with the video, let's move out! 

And girl you know you're cool, you're good, you're so much nicer, girl
You're good, You're gonna be--

I... don't want you to worry about me, Clyde Frog.  Hey! You're the best stuffed animal I've ever had. 

I don't think my pig would want to make love to that stupid elephant.

Mister! You've gotta help me! I'm starving to death!

Could be tough. But I'll give it a shot.

Yeah, but where's that crappy song coming from? Could you turn that off? 

It's too late! Even if I did agree to help, there's too many of them now!

I didn't think you would believe me. And that why last night I took it upon myself to go out and try to capture it on video.  What I'm about to show you is the first video ever shot of a Jewpacabra.  And you're the first to see it.  This is just after 8 p.m. First we heard rustling in the bushes. Then a strange, animal-like scurrying sound. That's when we saw, this.  'Kay wait for it, wait for it, wait for it... wait for it... wait for...  right there! Did you see the Jewpacabra? I know, it's so shocking it takes a minute for your brain to process what it's seeing. Watch again.  Wait for it... wait... there!  Jewpacabra. There's a Jewpacabra in South Park. God help us.

Wha- Okay, look, I'll talk to the Pharaoh and see if he'll change his mind.

A dark wizard must be trying to stop us!

Ey! What the hell is wrong with you people?!

' No! No, I mean, I, I got somethin' in my eyes. It's this uh, the air in here is just- uh.  Oh man.

I'mo drag home myself, babih. But the-  What the hell's going on?

Oh really? Well, that's interesting. You certainly should think about it and make the right decision.  Butterscotch candy?

I get to be Luke Skeywalker's son. And there has to be a character called Jewbacca.

It's only a matter of time before we're playin' Truth or Dare with them. Good luck with your piece of crap clubhouse, stupid asshole.

No! But Obama wasn't really elected! Don't you people care?! 

Wiat. I've got it, you guys. A fifth point in a sports movie, the team always goes out and finds a really sweet player to join their team.

Yeah. Only now do we realize how much we all took the third grade for granted.

Well, maybe I can help you. We can team up. 

I guess- we might as well- go home now. 

Give the cloak to Kenny, he needs the agility boost for bow attacks.

You said Pete Melman couldn't kill himself! By making Jenny Simon crap her pants worse than Pete, I've made her the number one story on Eavesdropper! 

How come the outline is missing its hand?

No... I wanna be a NASCAR driver, okay? When I see the... car races on TV, those... loud engines and peeling wheels, it's soo cool! 

We got him! I know where he is!

Thanks, everybody. Suck my balls!  You've all been so understanding and supportive of my illness. Jizz farmer dick sneeze. And it is because of you... that I have the courage to go on national television tonight. Titty sprinkles. 

She doesn't let me wear whatever I want anymore. Things have really gotten out of hand! My mom must die so I can have a place to live, but without her trying to run my life. She's like Hitler with all the demands she makes.

My mom made it. Sieg Heil, Sieg Heil!

That's 'cause I was having these... bogus nightmares.

But it wasn't me, it wasn't my fault!

How about we do it on that Raymond guy on TV, you know, Everybody Loves Raymond.

Takin' a look here.  Seems like quality stuff you got here, Frances. Yeah, good texture, nice consistency. Sea men must be alive and healthy in there. I'll take five.

I can't believe people take the time to do this garbage.  This has to be stopped, you guys.

Eeyy! If you so much as touch Kitty's ass, I'll put firecrackers in your nutsack and blow your balls all over your pants!

Now Butters, we don't know exactly what is that girls do at their slumber parties. But if they start, you know, lezzing out, just roll with it.

Little pussy gnome. Don't call me a pussy, pussy gnome.

Oh, hello, guys! Thanks for coming to my Chili Con Carnival!

No, I'm trying to teach it how to bite someone's penis off. 

You're so lucky I have a... sore shoulder, Kyle, or I would have let you have it.

Hey! Hey who the fuck do you think you're talking to, huh?! Huh?!  Oh crap! 

...No, it isn't like terrorism. It IS terrorism.

Oooh I wonder what Stan got me for my birthday present? Oh look, a Blue Mega Maaan. Thank you, Stan, you may now eat pie and cake and ice cream now.  And what did Wendy get me? Oooh it's the Yellow Mega Maaan. Help yourself to pie and cake and ice cream, Wendy. Oh, look what Kyle got me? It's the Red Mega-... Ants In The Pants? Ants In The Pan- ANTS IN THE PANTS? 

Uh, my friend Kenny was saving my place in line.

You got here just in time. He was gonna kill me because he was insanely jealous of my incredible psychic ability.

Bye bye Billy.  Alright everyone listen up! I'm in charge now! Anybody got a problem with that? Alright, good.

Okay! Just open your mouth and close your eyes and, and get on your knees!

I told you guys! "Washington Redskins" totally gets people's attention!

Do you really think information like this will just die down? There's Internet! There's Eavesdropper! You might be worried Pete Melman is gonna kill himself, but the truth is, he was dead the second he crapped his pants.

Come on!  Other people have to use the bathroom, you know? Can you hurry up in there?! 

Great, just sign right here, please.  Hi. Havin' an abortion today?  Great.  Listen, if you'd like to sell your abortion for research I'm offering uh, seventy-five dollars. Help you out a little bit with your medical bill in there.  And you sign right here.  Uh excuse me, ma'am. Can I interest you in selling your aborted fetus? 

Naw uh, 'cause my house got burned down, so everyone has to feel bad for me.  What is that? WHAT IS THAT?!

Kenny.  Your girlfriend is a notorious whore. She even gave a kid named Dave Darsky a B.J. in the parking lot of TGI Friday's.

At one point, Kenny actually polymorphed the dude into a blue frog with an instant attack card. It was carnage, bro!

All right, let's try over here.  Set up traps there, and there as well.  Last time I saw him he ran right through here. 

He is not smarter than me! He just charmed me, that's all! He's a charmer, that Scott Tenorman!! But I'll get him someday!! 

Oh yeah. But whatever, I'm gonna go teach those underprivileged inner-city students and really turns their lives around.

You guys, I need to copy your math homework before class.

Aw damn, man. Now I'm missing the new Barnaby Jones.

Puh-I know, dude. Pete Melman crapped his pants. So freakin' funny! 

Wait a minute. How much do you pay for this stuff?

Come on, Jack, you gotta be able to offer me more than that. ...Yes, I realize there's a ban on stem-cell research, but I've got thirty-some-odd human fetuses in my backyard! I'm sure there's other research your company can do with them. ...You'll take one? Okay, how much for one? ...Aw, Jack, you're breaking my balls here, Jack.
Yes, hello, is this Captain Bly's Seafood Restaurant? ...Yeah, hi, I've got a shipment of about thrity-one of the most succulent shrimp from the West Indies. ...These are killer shrimp, Gary, your customers are gonna love 'em. ...What kind of price you payin' for shrimp? ...Oh, Gary, you're breakin' my balls, Gary. How about ten and a quarter? ...Balls, Gary. Breakin' 'em. ...Alright, I'll call you back. 

Aw man, it tastes like that, um, you know that cream-chipped-beef stuff that Chef makes sometimes.

Brah, I'm not gonna argue with you, all right? Just go with it.

No, Timmy! That handicapped turkey does not go in our play!

Why the hell does the FBI keep arresting all my friends? This has to be the work of Stan and Kyle! God, I hate those guys!

Well Baahir, I was thinking that maybe I owe you an apology.

Eh-ih... shut up you guys, you're just tryin' to scare me.

Okay okay, shushushuh, okay, shush, check it out. Uh hey there Clyde.

You... your Mom said you could take three friends.

I don't know. It's like my brain just keeps... jacking off.

All right, Butters, I'm going in alone, first. Give me thirty seconds in there, and then you go in and free the hostages.

YES, you just bought this lovely 200-carat ring. How do you feel, Mrs...?

Uh th-that is completely unnecessary. Everyone knows that only poor people can get lice. The only person that can spread it here is Kenny.

They're like half crab, half people, and they live below the ground.

Uh oh, it looks like Kyle is taking issue with something again. Kyle's got a pro-blem. CartmanBrah!

Don't you think I'm hurting enough, Kyle?! Ah, ow!!  Dowww!

Two hundred dollars, Token, that's great! And ten percent of two hundred is...

Okay, that does it. Screw you guys, I'm going home. 

No, because people know I'm not fat! I'm buff. They probably put you at the bottom of the list because you have fucked up teeth! Or Kenny cause' he's poor

Token, I swear to God, if you call me fat one more time  I'm gonna smack you on the head with this rock! 

Yeah Token, that's the law! Everything inside the red line is lava.

Hello, ma'am. I'm working to clean up the neighborhood from parasites. Do you mind if I take a quick look around your house? I'm afraid you may have hippies.

Oh, you know, you're right, Stan. We just have to tell Kyle not to hang around us anymore.

So, guess what they're gonna say tonight on that show, Cop Drama.

Right, but you see, I didn't realize, when I bought these pubes from you, that you were full of shit! So you can either give me back my ten dollars, or I can go tell my mom on you!

And so then, I put my finger up my butthole, right? And I walked up to Kelly Nelson, and I said, "Do you smell lemon grass?", and she smelled my finger and puked! Hehehehe. Oh, guys, you should have been there.

You're gonna... come with me... to Israel, Kyle? 

We've got about ten minutes before this entire country is up in flames! If you wanna live, you'd better step on the gas! Oh wait, is this a Tesla? Shit! Well press on the prissy pedal! We're gonna die!! 

I've given away all my money! Drank enough Vagisil to kill every brain cell I have! But it still wasn't enough.

T, H. "Th." There. Hey, this is easy!  I'm gonna win the spelling bee for sure, Mom!

Jesus, that's on the other side of town. All right, Kyle, I'm going to take a picture with my camera phone and upload it to you. You ready?

Cyborg Bill hasn't been cool for a long time, Kyle.

Yeah. Somebody need sto put him in him place!

The note will inform them that a problem has come up and they need to see me right-away, back at my office.

Oh, Mike, you're breakin' my balls here, Mike.

Ahahahaha, ayah- Excuse me everyone, I need to have a moment alone with my good friend Kyle?  Asscheeks!  Kyle, apparently you missed the school assembly yesterday, but I've been diagnosed with a very serious mental condition.

When do we get to eat. I'm hungry.

It's so fuckin' awesome. You're gonna be soo stoked. It's the best surprise ever!

Omigod! You guys... this is the greatest place in the world... 

Aw, come on now, this is just getting silly! 

We've got to fight them off!  Stay away from Butters! He's humanity's last hope!  Awww! He bit me! He bit off my hand!!

Wait a minute! You guys, this is very important: when I bring Token back to the office, have Kenny hide in another room, and call the phone on my desk.

And this is exactly what Kenny would do: stand here and say nothing! 

She's Hitler! Would you have killed Hitler if you had the chance?!  All right now, here's the plan. At 9:45 tonight I will sneak out of my room and leave the house, leaving the back door unlocked.  You guys come into the house at 10:30 p.m. sharp, having given me enough time to get down to Perkins to be seen by everyone there. And then all four of you go upstairs to kill my mom.

...and I told him. I said, 'Kyle, I will kick you in the nuts.' But he didn't give it back to me. So I kicked him square - in the nuts, and he cried - like Nancy Kerrigan!

Eugh. Well, now I can finally get back to my riding my rides!  Uh oh! Oh man, I'm so scared!  AAAGGGHHH....

And his momma cried
'Cause if there's one thing that she don't need
Is another little hungry mouth to feed
In the ghetto In the ghetto

Butters, go buy World of Warcraft, install it on your computer, and join the online sensation before we all murder you.

Ah, hello everyone. Achtung.  My name is Eric Cartman and I'm the President of the Mel Gibson Fan Club.  Ah thank you, thank you. I'm happy to see that all of you.were affected by The Passion like I was. Now, we all know why we're here, and I believe we all what needs to be done.

You don't understand. There's no Denver left to go back to! 

What's to understand? You get a boner, slap her titties around some and then stick it inside her and pee.

Yes, YES! I'm feeling totally stupid right now.

Ms. Struthers, please. Just listen to me for one second. You started the Feed the Children Foundation for wonderful reasons: to help starving, helpless people who live in a rotten part of the world. Well, it's for those reasons we wanna help our friend Marvin now. 

God-damnit! See? This is exactly why I started this business. If a parent can't respect their child, than who can they respect, huh?

Ah! Eh. Nuh!  Less than a minute! Less than a minute!

Shaddup! These American traitors might have bought your propaganda, but not us!  Oh, thank God, the police are here! We're safe! 

Oh my God, what are Jewbots doing here?  Flame on!  Flame off! 

I brought it up because you already brought it up!

Haha. You fools have no idea that I would never let you hurt the Wall-Mart.

Why don't we just have everyone use the transgender bathroom?!

Oh, uh, well, personally, I... uhuhuhuh, I... don't like Animaniacs?

Yes, I do, Cupid Me. Love is the bestest feeling in the world. I believe you can change everything.

Hey, wait a minute!  You guys can't just start a club and tell me I can't be in it!

I have to get out of here! Why is everyone in my past so stupid that they think I'm crank-calling them?!

I called dibs on Stall 1 for all recess, Craig!

According to my calculations, that meteor is going to hit Earth in less than four hours.

Yeah, and maybe Jesse Jackson will be President, heh.

What did I tell you, Stan! We save some baby cows from being eaten, and now we're no-good dirty God-damned hippies!

...And, since the stupid security guard needs video surveillance, I have to let in two more people a day to cover those expenses... Need to cover the new ticket guy's salary, so that's three more admissions a day...  Cleanup crew for the bathroom, money to cover paint and upkeep - so that's about four admissions - that brings the grand total to...  God-damnit!  Eight hundred and sixteen people can come into the park today! 

I saw that picture of her you put on the Internet.

Huh?  Oh, no, you sons of bitches! Aww, sons of bitches..! 

Kenny! Kenny, wake up!  Wake up, Kenny! You all right? Kenny!

Three?? You didn't deduct all my nice invoices! Look look! What about this one? 

You dirty double-crossing assholes! You're trying to cut me out, huh?! You guys stole my formula, then tried to fuck me- Butters!

Now, the first thing to do in domestic disturbance calls like this one is to just calm everybody down. Respect my authoritah! 

Oh, that's good. We need some more toilet paper. 

Yes, well, it's interesting you should point that out, Kyle. I went to the doctor yesterday, and apparently I suffer from a small skin pigment deficiency.

Yeah, and now my video game time is getting screwed over by them.

Oh, Kyle, you just made a huge withdrawal at the First Bank of Lies.

Can I ask you something, Mrs. Appleby? Do you like fucking little boys?

Dude, he's Jewish. He doesn't have to confess his sins.

Hey you guys! You're not gonna believe this!  Oh my God, you guys, seriously!  Just wait until you hear this, you guys! I'm rich! I'm totally rich!  Aren't you stoked?!

Will you stop with the whole "mom smoking crack" thing?! It's a old joke!

This the answer to our problems! A three hundred thousand dollar building, but we buy ourselves a million dollars' worth of goodwill with the public. We can say we gave our "student athletes" a place to live and grow for a few years. It's like moral teflon! I knew we needed a Jew in this company, Kyle! Great work! 

Mr. Kitty, do you mind explaining this?  You wanna tell me why you're putting pictures of yourself on the Internet with bread around your face? This is a bad kitty. Bad! You're taking the idea of Faith Hilling and making it stupid. Bad kitty.  Bad Mr. Kitty.  Bad kitty! No more memeing!  Come on, guys.  Bad Mr. Kitty!

Screw that, dude! We're guys. We can outthink them.

Praise God! How do you feel now? Do you feel the light of God inside o'ya?

Prepare to charge! Scroll over him with your mouse cursors! And...Right-click!  What the? Oh Jesus, he summoned scorpions! 

I care, Kyle. You should have a say in this; they're your yummy farts. Should we go with Thai?

Al-righty then. Let's get to my presents, shall we?

Yeah. You take out Country Kitchen Buffet, and old people won't know what to do.

It’s all over the place. On the radio, MTV, everywhere.

Find the remote! Find the remote! Hold it! 

Well, sorry, but if we don't want the government treating us like children, we might have to give up being able to pee out feces in half.

My mom has been giving me the money all this time, and your parents are the ones who left you money.

Mrs. Garrison, that is ignorant and racist! Muslims are mad because of Family Guy, not because they can't jack off! Right, Wendy?

-ed a fine time to leave me, Lucille 
Four hungry children and a-

Why?  Is your sister gonna kick your ass again?

Wow, Craig. I can't believe you just went there. Here we were having a perfectly nice conversation about Kenny being poor and Kyle being a Jew, and you just decided to go 9/11 and bust out the fat quip.

Okay, everyone take a sillibus and pass it to the amigo behind youuu.

Seriously you guys! Tom Saltzman's dad is a drunk driver. He's the one who ran over Joey Potts's dog because Joey Potts doesn't know how to take care of his animals, which is why he gets beat by his mom! 

Oh, thanks for the news flash, Tom Brokaw! What happened with Chef? Did you tell him she's a succubus?

Or, in other words, I'll let this jagu-ar bop me in the face and see if it hurts. Come on, jagu-ar, let's see what you've got!  Aaah! Ow, son of a bitch! 

We're never gonna play our Okama GameSphere again, are we?

No, please! I'm sorry I gave other people credit for your killings. Ahah, it was, it was very wrong for me to lie about the other psychics and get them arrested.

Please, I can't do this alone. They need us. And I need you. My little flicker of twinkle stars. 

Kyle, I'm at the Clinton rally site, but there's no sign of that kid!

No, Kitty, these are my spicy-hot Louisiana-baked Chicken Tenders!

Hello students. I'm Eric Cartmanez.  Your new teacher.

Do you wanna play rough?! Okay!  Take this! 

We decided to get some one-on-one time with Jimmy and ride the log ride.  The great thing was that, because Jimmy's crippled, we got to go to the front of the line.  That was definitely big points for Jimmy, you know, but, but then we got to the ride itself, and...

...You see, Kyle, it was me who slashed the bu-

Oh well, back to the poor country with you.

Oh, looks like Kyle is commenting on my commenter window, bras! Be sure to comment on that. #kyleisgettingfrustrated

Yes. This is a difficult case. In order to win the debate, we will need to attack Stan and Kyle's credibility.

Sir Kyle, they're about to open the mall! What are you doing?!

We did it!  So long, Trent! Have a nice time!  Nyanyanyanyanyaaanyaaa!  Hahahahahaaahaaa! 

Fine! Whatever! You guys don't have any proof I put Butters' wiener in my mouth! It will be your word against mine! And we all know that everyone trusts me way more than you guys!  You guys, please don't tell anybody.

Thank you all for coming. Prince Token, Sir Timmy of Blacklake, Lady McCormick . Warriors, we have fought many great battles together. At Clyde's house. At Scott Malkinson's house. But soon we will be fighting the greatest battle of our young hot lives. Winter is coming, and the next gen gaming devices are hitting the shelves.

Because they made f-fun of Muslims, and and that's wrong.

Ah, Stan, Kyle, Kenny, you're just in time.

Oh stop your bitchin' Butters! Kenny woulda took it like a man!

Uh huh. 'Cause I thought I was messing with Butters, but I'm actually the one trapped in virtual reality.

Oh, and what?! I deserve it?! Is that what you think?!

There we go.  Come and get it.  ...Come on, pony, bite the wiener. Bite it.  Come on, good pony. That's it!  Now, bite it off! Bite off the wiener! Good pony!  Oh no, pony, he'll like that.

...No no, it's okay. We are Chinese peopull.

Oh yeah?! Oh yeah?! Well you're a fuckin' Jew Kyle! And now you're a Mexican Jew! You dirty, no good... Mexijew!  Let's just see you try and-!

...You got rid of Clyde Frog... You burned Peter Panda! 

So, Captain Ahab has to get his whale, huh? 

Huh? Oh. Yeah, I guess it is. Uh, here, Chef, just put it over here.

Just tell them that if they leave town peacefully, we won't have to resort to violence.

Two percent, have my penis cut off.  Two percent-

I clocked you at 40 miles an hour back there. Do you know what the speed limit is heawh?

You know what I'm talking about, bitch! The list where you rate the looks of each boy in the class!

How are we gonna get it from him?

Noooo...  Eventually the minorities will do away with me altogether.

Danforth, pull up flank! Look out for Charlies- up in the trees!

That was, he was on my ground. You all saw that, right? Everything inside the red line is mine.  Inside the red line is, that's- that's my ground. He was on it. 

...You see.  Gaw, this is just what I've been talkin' about! I can't even relate to you guys anymore because you're too immature!

Oh wuh, well that's it! Shithead! Asshole! Mexican sticky balls!

I told you guys: never underestimate the power of a free hat.

Ike, will you do something about Clyde, please?  Very nice, Ike.  All right me hearties! Keep your eyes open for boats to plunder! 

You're telling me these pubes are worth nothing.

Uh, she was all, like, crunchy and crispy and stuff.

I need to speak to Mr. Garrison right now!

Well, I guess we're gonna have to kill it.

Follow your dreams, you can reach your goals; I'm living proof. Beefcake. Beefcake!

Your parents will drive all the way out to the school and discover that no meeting is actually taking place.

Hel-lo ma'am. We're going around town and offering snow-shoveling service. Would you like your driveway and sidewalk shoveled for eight thousand dollars?

Thanks Jody! Gingers, how are we feelin'?  Can I get a Red Power?

Twenty minutes! Does Tim Rice's mom give him twenty minutes to write the lyrics to "Phantom Of The Opera"?!  Speak to me Helen. Let me be your voice.  Come on, you blind bitch! Channel your spirit through me!

I'm not booing your opinion, I'm booing your report topic. No one even knows what a refewgee is. Boo, booben, boo.

The people of Iraq deserve a good Christmas just like everyone else.

You know? You guys are right. I'm sick of being the fat kid, too. I've been making excuses all my life. But I know deep down that if I took responsibility and really tried hard, and we all tried together, well we really can lose the weight! 

Be very very quiet. I'm hunting crocodiles, hahahahahaha.

I'm doin' it already!! God, give me a minute!

Kyle is just jealous of you, Trapper Keeper. You kick ass!I don't wanna let my Trapper Keeper get--

Oh, right! You guys are from the evil, parallel universe?!

Suck my balls!!!  Oh, God-damnit, you guys, I am so seriously-

Cool, just, you know, don't touch me 'cause I'm not into girls, so it kind of grosses me out.

And uh, maybe I'll that one for three hundred.

Grab what you can and let's get out of here. I'm ready!

Yeah, well now it's personal! The hallways are my jurisdiction! If there's a hallway infraction going on, they're gonna have to deal with the Dawg!

I'm trying to get my tri- wait a minute, I'm not talking to you. Ike, will you tell Kyle that I was trying to get my triangle back?

Including the late and very talented Billy Mays!

Ugh. Oh yeah?! I'll kick you in the nuts! Ugh. I'll kick you in the nuts! I'll kick you in the nuts!

We both, kind of needed each other and... well... I'm gonna miss you.

...But Mo-o-om, I have to get Chinpokomon dolls before everybody else does, 'cause then I'll be coo-oo-ool.

I think... I.. just.. saw the funniest thing I'll ever see. And I... think... I... blew a funny fuse.

Oh yes! And the best part is... they're coming here, to my house. And it's gonna be sooo funny!!  Oh Jesus, that's probably them now! Okay, you guys, just play it cool, just play it-, just-sshh. No, sshh, you guys, sshh.  Just- okay  No.  Okay, okay, no, you guys, sh, sh. 

Quiet, Kenny. The goddess lives in all of us and has-

No, I'm not scared... I just- I don't want my tonsils out, that's all!

They are so! There's two billion of them and their economy is getting better and with all their advances in technology they're gonna bring down America.

We can't tell you, bro. It's like, hardcore underground shit.

That's my whole point. First we fatten him up, then we make the deal with City Wok, then take the weight back off.

Everyone get a good look at our fugitive! I want her taken down fast and clean!

Yes it is, you guys. I'm serious now. This is Eric's mom and I want him home right now.

Now, personally, I like the baby green.  But I also think the classic brown would go nicely with your house.

Stan, we know it's hard to get started, but we have a little surprise for you.

Here we go! The bomb shelter's down here! 

Aw, aw, no, come on, people, we're so close to completing my final solution!

That's true. Well, I'm glad you've finally come to terms with your disability, Kyle.  Gentlemen, I'm off to start planning! 

Oohhhh I get it. You're trying to silence me! You're scared that somebody is standing up to this school and its president for once!

Jimmy! Hey, Jimmy!  Dude, what the hell?! Did you see the news?!

Oh my God the Chinese are here. Okay, okay I'm freaked out. I'm freaking out.

Good riddance, you stupid park! You can all kiss my ass! 

Heaven could be like the pixie faeries of Bubble Yum Forest. You only see them if you really believe in them.

Yeah, calm down, calm down, you sons of bitches.

Even 10% is good enough. Here you go. 

Wow, Stan, you really got some nice titties there.

No! No, nono, you're right Bebe! Farts totally aren't funny. 

I know what you mean, Kyle. I realize now that even though you might not get caught doing something bad, you can still get caught later.

That was goddamned manly! I mean, no offense to Kenny, but that shit made regular "Magic: The Gathering" look like girls volleyball.

Oh man, I thought that day would never end.

No way! The bitches from Cirque du Chebleu!

Okay. Okay Wendy. I will eat my underwear. Right here, right now.

Now, for our first club activity, we're supposed to reach into this little dish and pull out a word. We look at the word and think about what that word means to us. 

"It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's separation  to increase the population of the younger generation."

Kenny, we all understand wanting to play as the chick once in a while, 'kay? But you are never going to be a real princess!

That's not Kenny. Kenny sniffs paint and sets things on fire! Here, look.  Kenny, Kenny look. Want a dollar?

Shooting for a D in a game of Horsedick.

Bliegh!  Yugh. Uh, okay, try again. Hep .

Sweet. Now, I'm gonna go kill those guys!

Listen, lady! You've got to get this crap out of me!  I don't want him in me anymore! Just suck him up and throw him out!

It's an Afghanistan goat, so it can't stay here, or else it'll choke on the sweet air of freedom.

Either I'm Jesus, or else, screw you guys, I'm going home! 

Jesus, he sure ran that one into the ground.

I do, but you don't know that! I could be Kyle trying to take more of my shit!

No! I identify as a chick, but I'm still a boy. You can't make me share a bathroom with a girl that identifies herself as a fucking dude!  That is MY waterfall, and those are MY Christmas lights!

It was here, I swear it! I don't know why it's not showin' up this time!

Yeah, he looks totally fine, except that when we walk up to a house, people are gonna be like, "Oh wow, it's the Avengers, and some Captain FaceTime skateboard guy!" 

Your haiku insults have no effect on me, Kyle. I'm regional champion.

Yeh- no, no, wait, wait. I got a better idea you guys. What we should do is we should secretly go around and tell all the students we can to not check any of the mascots on this election sheet, and instead write in "Turd Sandwich."

All right, listen: you know how in space movies they put astronauts in suspender animation so that their trip seems really short, right?  I think I figured out how to do it.

Which one of them is it? Somebody is dressing up and pretending to be a superhero! But who? Has to be one of the guys in my class, 'cause only they knew that the Coon would be on the rooftop of Walgreens.  No, stop. Can't think about that right now. Have to focus.  Tomorrow is the most important day in the Coon's life. Everything the Coon has lived and fought for comes down to tomorrow. Concentrate.

So you all be sure to catch us in our next race. We're about as poor an' stupid as they fuckin' come, so come down an' cheer for us at NASCAR on Saturday! Obama's gay as hell!

Egh. God damn it!  Well, I guess you don't care about what Tweek said about your guinea pig.

Neato! Having older friends kicks ass, uh! You see, I've, I've really been having a tough time. I've kind of matured faster than my other friends ; we don't really relate anymore, and, and uh, alright uh, all my friends seem so childish now.

Oh. Uh, nothing. I was just getting back to work.

Dude, gross, you got spit all over my neck! Mom! Butters just gave me a hickey!

Well... I guess you won't be helping me now. No biggie. I don't NEED you to get the episode pulled! 

Hahaaha! Ha. Ha. Heh. Huh, excuse me, sir.

All right, let's do this! Make me believe in something that's bullshit, will you?!  Oh, hold on.  Aah, let's see... that one.  Stupid fraud!  Good riddance to YOU! 

Aww, my mom is so poor she walked down the road with one shoooe.  And if you ask her if she lost a shoe, she'd say "No, I found ooone."

I think there's a sea lion show at 2:30.

Dude, if I'm trying to be creative, I can't eat fruit. Doesn't your mom have something more substantial to eat?

Oh, then you won't mind if I take it! 

Why didn't anyone tell me there was a time phone?!

You guys! I got it!  It seriously! It's the greatest picture ever! Oh my God!

Dude, check it out, Kenny! My very own NASCAR!

Dude, girls should totally be allowed to play sports, you just can't expect people to want to watch. Okay?  All right.

Come on, Timmy, get out of that chair-uh!

Mom, I'm not going to win the spelling bee; I never do.

Oh, God, that was soo funny! Oh, man, somebody stop my guts frm bursting out of my sides! 

Oh, Wendy came and told on me?! So what? Because she's president she can't be written about?

HaHA Kyle! Let's see you try and take my iPod headphones HOW! 

You ginger Jersey Jew!  Your tactics don't work on me!

How about we do a show where we kill Butters? 

Clyde, Clyde! What have I told you about pissing on the seat? And Clyde's all like "Ah, okay mom, fuck! Not in front of my friends! 

All right lady, just flash us your crotch or somethin'.

Hey that's okay, we'll get him next time.

If a Smurf dies and no one is around to hear it, does it still scream? 

I've gotta start hanging out with friends that are a little more intelligent, and understand ...politics and stuff. It's just that... I'm up on this level up here , and all my friends are down here .

Oh, dude, that is tits! I mean, that is big fat Oprah tits right there!

Alright, stop, stop, stop!  This is NOT how you fight! You think this is a joke?! On Black Friday, there's gonna be thousands of shoppers trying to get inside that mall keeping you from getting Xbox Ones! So what do we do?! We survey each enemy, and we attack their weak spots! Scott Malkinson has diabetes, so we hit him in his weak spot! 

Whispering, but whispering really loudly for dramatic effect.

