That's right, friends. All you need to do is instill fear and be willing to hurt people and you can get whatever you want. The only true power is violence.
Well good going, stupid! There's only one way to stop devil-worshiping critters! 
You know, Jesus, that is a nice song, but I like... this one:
Up on the housetop reindeer pause
Out jumps good old... me. 
Down through the chimney with lots of toys
All for the little ones' Christmas joys
You know you're right. Santa hasn't been to that of the world in a looong time. Perhaps Santa could bring peace to this whole situation.
All right, what the hell is going on?! Why is there a red star glowing in the sky?!
Now, if you'll all excuse me, I've got a lot of work to do. 
Sleigh is down. Reindeer... all dead. Both Santa's legs are broken. Santa's... very sad. Santa will have to... oh no. They're coming for me!  Stay back, you bastards! Stay back! 
Her name is Rio and she dances on the sand!
No, your country has just lost all its Christmas spirit.  What's going on here?!
Everyone! Everyone, can I please have your attention?  Christmas is a very special time of year, but... this year it almost didn't happen. There's a man named Jesus who gave his life to save me. And so I declare that every year on Christmas Day. we should remember Jesus for what he did, and thank him for it. From now on, Christmas will be a day for remembering a brave man named Jesus.
Then we're in for a long night, 'cause I don't know shit! 
I came to bring Christmas to Iraq and by God I'm gonna do it! 
And you boys can all watch me from our flight control room.
Where are you taking me??  You are all being very naughty. 
Ho ho hoo! Merry Christmas, everyone!  Ho ho hoo! A Merry Christmas to all!
I know, but there's, like, three-hundred Jesus Christmas songs and only four fucking Santa ones! It's not fair! Just do it yourself! I'm leaving. 
We don't have a choice. In a few hours, the dark creature inside him will consume his soul.
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night! Hohohohoho!
I was just starting to look over the new naughty and nice list the gnomes prepared for me.
I just couldn't do it.  I just couldn't let him live. He shocked Santa's balls! 
No!  Jesus. Jesus!  No... don't worry, Jesus, it's nothing. It's just a scratch.
Up on the housetop, click click click.
Down through the chimney with good old... me.
I'm sorry, but it's too late, Kyle! Santa's gonna have to kill you! 
Okay, Jesus. Here's one you might remember:
Her name is Rio and she dances on the sand
Just like that river twistin' through the dusty land.
Okay, Kyle, that's enough ballsucking. We need to get you boys home.
Get to the sleigh! Get to the sleigh! 
You know, Jesus, there've been so many songs written about us over the years.
Gnomes!  Load up the sleigh with toys! Santa's going to make a special run!
I bring happiness and love to children all over the world.
Well little boy, it seems that you  have really been through a lot. Is there any special present you would like this year?
Oh no, they keep it open until midnight of Christmas Eve. Some kids actually try to cram in a lot of niceness right at the end.
Huh?  Oh, all right.  Make way for Santa! 
I don't know, I live in the North Pole.  What are you doing??
