You can't be a non-conformist if you don't drink coffee. 

Ahh, hang on. What I meant to say was  we just infiltrated the Emo lair and... we torched the plant leader.

But, you know, to make a long story short, I woke up this morning and- 

Uhhhh, Henrietta, we have some bad news. The plants you think took over your body and made you emo? They're just plants.  From Lowe's Home and Garden.

Yeah I remember. And it may be a suicide mission, but we have to walk right in the middle of the Vampires, and ask them for help.

Long story short, we picked up our bags and went to our hotel. 

So, all of a sudden you Justin and Britney wannabes think it's cool to dress like us?

Nothing. It's like she's a totally different person. 

What is? Everything? 

Cut it out, Edgar! It's annoying everybody!

Okay, look, we're running out of time. You have to help us stop the Emos.

Are they trying to be Goth?

Just go on and take the picture. 

Fellow students. Over the past week there's been a lot of confusion, and so we have asked for this assembly to clarify the difference between Goth kids and Vampire kids. Let us make it abundantly clear: if you hate life, truly hate the sun, and need to smoke and drink coffee, you are Goth. If, however, you like dressing in black 'cause it's "fun", enjoy putting sparkles on your cheeks and following the occult while avoiding things that are bad for your health, then you are most likely a douchebag vampire wannabe boner. Because anybody who thinks they are actually a vampire is freaking retarded. 

Alright, listen up. Once we find our friend, we've gotta torch the place and get out.

Just to make life more miserable for the conformists. 

Dance troupe? Please.  We don't dance like those Britney and Justin wannabes at school.  Goth kids dance to express pain and suffering.

Ugh. You spit on me, Larry.  Uhh, hey everybody, uuhm, I know we aren't on the greatest terms right now. We realize we called you all queermos, aaand we're sorry we burned down the Hot Topic at the mall.

That's a huge fucking difference!

Look, we  summoned you to help us save the world!

Yeah. Why don't you just go back to your Justin Timberlake and your homework, you conformist asshole?  You just don't know what real pain is.

Hello?

...Oh my God. You've got the wrong flippin' people.

Right!

No way.

What the hell are those kids doing?

They aren't Goth! They're douchey little vampire kids!

Uhhhhh okayokay, listen: there's this camp for troubled kids, right? Only they aren't helping kids, they're, they're purposefully turning them into Emos.

Did she just call us emos?

I bet they aren't even drinking coffee.

All right, Count Fagula, you just do that. 

This, is your plan?! Try to summon Edgar Allan Poe back from the dead?!

And you're gonna... just let that guy... beat up on your woman? Doesn't that like, go against your jockey man code or something? 

Now, shut up Mike. Listen, okay? There's a camp that kids like us are being sent to, a-and somehow this place is taking kids like us and... turning them Emo.  Yeah. You might not even be able to tell at first. It could have already happened. One of you might already be turned.

Yeah.

Yeah. We're gonna go to the graveyard and write poems about death and how pointless life is.

Poe? Edgar Allan Poe, where are you?  What the hell are you doing?! Yo're supposed to be helping us!

We can't just go in there and kick their asses. We have to stop this thing at its source.

Yeah, happiness dies. 

Ugly! (ugly ugly ugly ugly)

Yeah, pull over here. 

Whattaya mean?

Hey, these are just plants.

Does your mom know you took her car?

Really. Do you guys even smoke?

What if she comes back, and she's all preppy and conformist?

Oh my God! They're totally different!

Well, if he's a vampire, I guess we should drive a stake through his heart.

How did we not figure that out? Of course a new Hot Topic must have come to town. Duh!

But uhhh we have a bigger problem here, and it's ALL of our problem.

God, he is such a downer! 

Look, we came to you for help, and all you've done since then is waste our time! 

What?!

Whoa...

Uhhh, we're just gonna wait until the PS4s become cheaper and more available.

I'm not doin' it. Being in a dance group is totally conformist.

Ugh! Let us go, you ultimate conformists!

And that's all you know? what else did she say?

They're achm, you know, one is good and an' emos are horrible!  You're, you know... They're posers!

You know Henrietta; that thing in there is not Henrietta!

Well, at least nobody can refer to us as vampire kids now. 

Dude, you haven't drank your coffee. 

What choice do we have?!

Dude! Michael, are you okay?

What?? 

What's VHS?

I'm just saying it's nice to know that Edgar Allan Poe agrees wth us.

Life is pain. Life is only pain.  We're all taught to believe in happy fairytale endings.  But there's only blackness. Dark, depressing loneliness that  eats at your soul.

No, see, you're nihilistic.

Hey uh, excuse me?

This fuckin' bitch, man.

I'm not gonna live in a Third-World country with all the conformists.

More preppy straight-A students turning into vampires. What the hell is going on?

Awww, Hot Topic? When did this open?

Whoa, whoa! Dude! Those last two lines aren't Goth!

I promise.

Wait a minute. Where the hell is Edgar Allan Poe?

No, he was the original Goth, but he'd been dead for 150 years!

What? Hey. Hey! We aren't vampire kids, we're freakin' Goths!

Let's get out of these freakin' Gap clothes.

Uugh, how could she hang out with them??

Oh my Gohhd.

Whoa... That's pretty hardcore. 

No way. Dancing is something you do alone in your room at three in the morning.

Yeah, I guess you've dodged a bullet, Galahad.

Thank you!

No, he'd probably see it as something to brag about someday to his little vampire buddies.

Did you know about this?

It's like, there's more vampire kids every freakin' day. Why is this happening. I mean, why now?

If we get the right packaging, we can just Fedex him somewhere far way.

It's about freaking time. 

What are you talking about?

This is different, okay?! Our two friends are being bodysnatched by Emos!  There's only one other group who understands Emos like we do. We're gonna have to team up with the Vampires.

Let's get to it. 

You should probably get out of here. 

The uh, XBox fighters are here and they say they wanna switch sides?

Yeah, we know. We're with the wedding.

I never thought it would end like this. I never thought that Goths would just be slowly replaced by Emos.

Goth's darkness is nihilistic whereas Emo's is cynical.

Uhhhhh, right.

