Well, best to do it and get it out of the way.

Are those the crime scene photos? Let me see them.  Yes. Yes. Not bad work, not bad at all. These toilet-paperers are professionals...at least one of them is.

Tell me, the toilet paper. Was it quilted?

Share,  time.  Time share.

I know! Have you ever considered going in on a time share?

Ugh! L-lisa! Call me! Oh! Ow!

No, but it was worth a try, wasn't it?  Tell me something, officer: why is it that you police such a small town. You must have had larger inspirations. What happened to those... big-city dreams?

Yeah, so the problem is your Margaritaville payment plan has been combined with thousands of others into one big Margaritaville security, yeah, no. Yeah. No. Yeah... 

Your uncle, who hit you with a belt. Was he a large man?

Would you... mind very much if kissed you?

That's a terrible cologne you're wearing, officer. You should try something more... casual.

It's downright smart!

Quid pro quo, officer. Tell me what I want to know. And I'll help you catch whoever toilet-papered that house.

"What kind of cash flow can I realize from my investment?"

Fly along now, Officer Barbrady. You've got some arrests to make.  Fly fly flyyy. Fly fly flyyy.

Oh, hey Randy. What happened to you??

And then share it with the people who come tomorrow.

No, sir.

It's nice to feel rich, isn't it.

Single-sheet?

Heeey, welcome to Big Orange Finance Company, yeah. Have a seat. You want some Carmex?

Lisa I had a really great time tonight.

Ooo, Polceman Brown, never quite made officer. Why is that, Polceman Brown? 

Hello Officer Barbrady.

Did he stink like bayer when he came home from work all powoor from playin' down at the pool hiyouse?

Uh, well, well, that means if you come up to the condo sales office you'll receive one of three great prizes.

Sit! 

That means you can listen to our special offer for privileged members only!

You folks enjoying the condo?

Oh yeah no, you know what? No, yeah.

Nice to meet you, "Mom and Dad." 

That sounds like a GREAT investment opportunity!

Tell me something first. When you went to the academy you had something to prove. You wanted to protect and serve, but mostly you wanted to protect yourself. Who were you protecting yourself from, Officer Barbrady?

And why would I do that? Because I'm such a charming fella?

Oh, it's a talking squirrel.  Oh!

Whoa. Uh, oh. Thank you. Your toilet-paperers are most likely students in the art teacher's class, students who aren't very good at art.

Thank you. Your toilet-paperers are most like males between the ages of 8 and 10 and probably virgins. Parents notice that much toilet paper missing, so they would have to have bought it themselves. Find out where the toilet paper came from, officer, and you just might catch your man.

Sorry, officer, gotta run. There's something I've been meaning to do for quite some time. Ciao. 

What's the matter, Principal Victoria? Was your mother abusive? Did she spank your thighs with cold cuts and stick umbrellas up your ass?

Oh! Ow! Wugh! Oh!

No, that is incidental. Your toilet-paperers wanted to transform the art teacher's house, thus transforming her entire occupation.

I'm afraid that giving away my location might be harmful to my freedom, officer. I just wanted to thank you for helping me get out of that dingy cell.

Why does one toilet-paper houses

The answer is right in front of you, but you can't see it.

Try it. Try saying it. "I've got a little place in Aspen."

'Scuse me?

Yeah, no, see, what I do is find Americans who want a frozen beverage machine but can't afford one, and I hook them up with investors who want to get into the margarita bill payment plan business, yeah.

Yeah, we can't give you your money back for that, yeah, no. You'd have to talk to the people on Wall Street, yeah, mmmm.

Mm-my  daughter has elephantitis 

Due to the harsh nature of my crimes they don't allow me to have toilet paper in my cell. You can imagine how bothersome that becomes.

