All right, all right. We'll do everything we can.

And the last time you saw your penis was two days ago? 

Done!

Damnit! Don't these protesters know what this is all heading towards?  Full-on class warfare.

Alright, we'll put a sheet over him.

Now listen! There's nothing more we can do to protect your homes. But there's someone here who says he can. 

What is it?

Dammit Marsh, why couldn't you have just kept your stupid ugly son in line!

Mr. Yelman, we received some disturbing reports that you might be hoarding sheep.

We got the sonofabitch!

You can let it go, Mackey. Tooth Decay is gone.

Idiot, if he isn't seen, we're about to definitely get bombed.

Oh, not this kid again.

You think your bullets can hurt him? 

What's in here? 

Muhammad showed up and there was no violence at all?

Well I mean, would it really be so bad for us to just let him go on thinking he's Lu Kim forever? Now that City Sushi is gone, City Wok is the only Chinese restaurant left in town.

Don't do it, Mysterion! If you show your identity we'll be forced to arrest you for being a vigilante

It's here! The class warfare is finally here!

What?! Are you crazy?! We can't cancel the Monster Mash, it's Halloween Night! It's the Monster Mash's biggest night of the year!

Sorry Garrison, your penis is gone. Afraid there's nothing more we can do. You'll just have to live with being a woman. A very ugly one. Come on, men. 

This is South Park Police!

Yeah, showing an image of him is completely off limits and censored, so nobody has seen what Muhammad looks like. 

Well I'm sorry but you're under arrest. Take the kid to jail. 

You are a beacon of hope in an otherwise bleak and dreary world! 

How many people at the Monster Mash?

FIRE! 

And where are the actual protesters?

How are we gonna contain this ting?!

We'll send a bill for the damages,  but in the meantime, please keep a closer eye on your child, sir? 

Well, I hope you guys have learned that crime doesn't pay.

Alright, listen: you have five seconds to leave or we're gonna put you in the jail and call your parents!

That's right. Of all his multiple personalities, the strongest was Lu Kim. And we never would have known... if it hadn'ta been for Inspector Butters. 

All right then. We're gonna have to send one of you into the party in disguise.

Just get out of here before we-! 

Well I suppose there's no need for jail, Mr. and Mrs. Stotch, so long as you ground your son.

Obviously the terrorists are for real!  What does that paper say?  We have placed bombs all over your city. You will give Muhammad to us. The celebrities want Muhammad for his power not to be ridiculed. We want that power... huzzah.

All right, stop it!

Apparently not. These are dangerous guys. Do you have any idea where they were headed?

What?

We know the truth, Dr. Janus!

Mayor, we do not have the resources to deal with this situation! A full evacuation is impossible!

Mr. Mackey? Mr. Mackey!  We're putting a stop to this play! It's over.

You'd better give me every cop you've got on the South Side! I don't care where ABC parks their truck, as long as it doesn't block the fire trucks!  Jesus, this protest is getting out of hand! Alright, what exactly are we dealing with?

Jesus Christ,  can we get a lock on that window?  Look kid, you need to stop- 

There's been an Asian turf war, sir, and your son appears to have caused it.

All right, quiet down people, please! Quiet!  I know you're all worried about your families' security. All I can tell you is that so far, Bane has not been caught. 

Alright, things are pretty quiet out there, boys. Let's try to get caught up on some paperwork. Murphy I want you to- 

You boys say you can identify the Red Box thieves?

So you say this man killed himself because he was a psychopath who was forced to have sex with his mother? 

Whatever. Then we'll just put you in- 

Sounds like you're talking about the Red Box killers. They've murdered over a dozen people trying to get the cash from Red Boxes.

Bon Jovi?

Go ahead. We're gonna process him and get him back to the restaurant. 

You won't believe it...

Well, at least everything is accounted for. Thank God you came when you did, Dr. Janus.

Nono, none of us watched the video, but if we did, we could handle it. We're police officers. We see sickening things like that every day.

