Uhhhhh  Ah, dammit!  How would you like to make a dollar Billy?

You pompous son of a whore!

That's good Billy, a little higher now.

Choice piece of ass, your great-grandma.

Limbo?

I wish I were dead

Tug - a - little harder, Billy.

I'm not being silly! Kill me. I'd do it myself, but I'm too damn old.

It's about time you lazy-ass son of a whore.  Come on, let's go.  What the...?

Uh, ow.

I'm planning a trip to Africa. Did you know that over 400 people are eaten naturally by lions in Africa every year?

Dammit! I was so close.

Come over here you son of a whore! 

Ok. You just have to do one thing for me.

My name's not Billy, grampa. And what's wrong with you? Why do you look all haggard?

But I've been waiting for 25 years.

Not just yet. 

Hey, you were supposed to kill me!

Does the pope crap in the woods? 

That's not fair, Goddammit! My grampa asked me to kill him and I did it. 

Dammit Billy, do you want a dollar or don't ya?

Uhhhh

Ten thousand dollars? Holy smokes.

Uhh, cut the damn rope already! 

Ohh, is that a fact? Well, let me tell you something, Porky. Your mom was over here earlier, and I humped her like a little bitch.

Ingrate!

Shoot me.

Billy, would you mind holding this for grampa please?

Come here Billy, I want to show you something.

Why not?

That's it, now you know what it feels like to be grampa. 

That's the spirit Tubby.

Yes you do, you little pecker! I realized that the reason you won't kill me  is because you don't understand how I feel, Billy, but now I found a way to show you what it feels like to be a grampa. 

Billy, help grampa stick this fork in the outlet.

Now, you're about to see what it's like to be as old as me. Are you ready Billy?

I ever tell you about the time I boofed your dad, Fatso?

And then, I dug up your great-grandma's skeleton, and had my way with her too.

I killed my grampa when I was your age.

Come back here you pompousy son of a pansy!

Grampa?

So now will you kill me Billy?

Well then, have one of your little friends do it. You can kill me can't ya?

What has America's youth come to? Kids won't even kill their own gramparents.

That's right.

