If the terrorists blow that barrier, all the most evil things ever imagined are gonna pour out!
Ooooo, then you did see him.  That's splendiferous! I want you to tell me everything he said. Where was he? What was he doing?
Oh- Ohhh. But my boy, we're already here.
Hey, wake up, stupid!  Come on, wake up, kid!
The only reason they would-  Oh my God. They're gonna blow up the Barrier!
All aboard the Imagination Balloon! 
Some people feel imagination isn't real, but I tell them that they're wrong,
'cause whenever I want to play and pretend, I just sing the Imagination Sooong
.
This... is Imaginationland.  It's where all the wonderful and goofy things that humans have made up over the years live together.  Citizens of Imaginationland! We have distinguished guests from the world beyond! 
Everyone! Fall back to the Gumdrop Forest!  Come with me, little boy! I'm going to get you home! 
Whatever you imagine to be real, is real. 
Excuse me. Have you boys seen a leprechaun anywhere lately?
NO, you fucking dipshit, that was a joke! 
Oh, well. All you have to do is tap your heels together three times.
Through the Gumdrop Forest. Others will be hiding there; go, run! Look out for the evil characters! They're assembling on the Yum Yum mountain! 
Well of course they are. But just because they're imaginary doesn't mean they're not real. Haven't you boys ever used your imagination?  You young man! How would you like to be a cowboy? Or a- swashbuckling pirate?  And you! How would you like to be an astronaut, faaar out in space? All it takes is a little...  imagination.
Now, good news, everyone! These boys did see the leprechaun! 
Get to Castle Sunshine! It's your only hope!
Still not convinced, eh? I tell you what, boys. What say we all take a ride on my... Imagination Flying Machine? 
Don't you get it?! If the terrorists blow that barrier, all the most evil things ever imagined are gonna pour out and take over Imaginationland for good! YOU HAVE TO DO SOMETHING!!
The wall! The wall which separates the evil side of Imaginationland from the good side! 
The evil characters! They're all behind the wall again.
