Friends, we gather in this place to mourn the victims of yesterday's tragedy: nine good people who were run over in the street by an elderly woman driver. 
And so, as we commit this young child to the earth, let us all be reminded that syphilis is still a deadly disease, and it can be caught even if using protection. This young boy learned the hard way that there's no guarantee... For the world of oral sex is a world...
It is sometimes hard, in times like these, to understand God's way. Why would he allow nine innocent people to be run down in the prime of their lives by a senior citizen who, perhaps, shouldn't be driving? It is then that we must understand, God's sense of humor is very different from our own. He does not laugh at the simple "man walks into a bar" joke. No, God needs complex irony and subtle farcical twists that seem macabre to you and me. All that we can hope for is that God got his good laugh and a tragedy such as this will never happen again. 
And so it was that God sent his only son down from heaven, to die for our sins.
Young man, These confused feelings that you're having are simply the Devil's way of trying to get a hold of you.
Well, maybe we need to change the Holy Document of Vatican Law. 
On this gorgeous day we bring these two together for the most important ta- 
Well, if you really care about your friend's soul, then perhaps show him the way of Jesus. Remember: Christianity is about atonement.
Not get caught? NO!! I, I think what we should do is not have sex with boys! 
Yep, I think we gotta kill the Jew.
You've really done an amazing thing, Mr. Marsh. People have learned to hold on to their money so as not to feel the sting of the Economy's mighty sword.
Are you retarded, Stotch?! The Economy is omnipotent! Which means it can do anything! So saying it would be limited to one Son is fucking stupid!
Yes, The Passion is very powerful. The truth is, there's not a whole lot in the Bible about the Crucifixion. The Passion was actually done as a performance piece back in the Middle Ages to incite people against the Jews.
Is that true, son? Are you feeling... confused?
