What?! Why the hell didn't you say so? Put on some scrubs! Boys, I'm making you all honorary doctors. You can help us save these people's lives.

Boys, you have to let him rest. Some mean kid gave him a Texas Chili Bowl.

I'm afraid he's... running out of time.

Now, the good new is it hasn't spread anywhere. We should... probably schedule to have them re-

It's ali- 

Well, I hope you boys learned your lesson. Going out and playing around with chickenpox almost killed you all.

That's very brave, Stan, but I've already checked my records, and you and Kyle aren't a match for kidneys. In fact,  there's only one person in South Park with the same blood type as Kyle.

We believe that you might have a problem.

I'm sorry. We... couldn't save your son.

Listen, Team B. We've found another path to the generator. There's actually a nice heated walkway to it, so you don't need to walk through all that sewage.

Well, what food have you been eating?

My worry is that he could have been following some kind of crazy new fad. Perhaps the children are all shoving tampons up their ass because they've seen the Backstreet Boys doing it on TV or something.

Well, he isn't worse, but, he isn't getting better. It's almost as if... his cancer were tied.

Of course. Nurse? 

No, Kenny, you can't. There must be some other way! He's going to make the connection himself, with his hands.

Suction! 

Well, there's no doubt in my mind, Mr. Marsh. You are constipated. 

Quickly! Get the scanner running again!  We've got a chance now!

Good. Now, is there a wire connecting them?

Now moving on all fours and wheezing uncontrollably, his cellular structure will regress into a gelatinous mass of--

Jesus Christ, I've never seen so many Indian sunburns and titty twisters in my life!  Get a cold towel on that pink belly!

Just be aware of this, Coach. If you lose the Big Game, that little boy is going to die faster than Steve Irwin in a tank full of stingrays.

We just got the X-rays back.  He mostly got served here  and here . But the worst serving was here in the pelvis region. The road to recovery will be a long one.

Well Mr. Marsh, it looks like you are in prefect health. Your bloodwork came back great and all your vitals appear normal.

We aren't sure. We only know that... there is no cure.

Okay. First, I'll make an incision on the chest, over the heart.

From the test results, it would appear your child was tortured by a bully. He received a massive snuggie, his underwear pulled up so high it nearly killed him. He also received two Indian sunburns on his forearms, a charlie horse on the thigh, and a second-degree titty twister. And from the damage to his head area, it appears he was also given a swirly, a colossal one.  It also looks like he received a noogie, and, a Polish bike ride.

Can I talk to you outside?

I'm afraid that your son is... incredibly stupid. He thought he could fly with cardboard wings. The stupidity is so severe that it caused a fall, which has... put him into a deep coma.

No, no. He's not missing. We just... can't seem to find him at this moment.

We must get to the bottom of this! ...if you'll pardon the pun. But actually, right now, I've got to catch a plane to Las Vegas to see the Rod Stewart Millennium Show.

And another bill has been repealed as well. Because ever since we got rid of KFC, we've seen a great rise in cancer. But today we welcome back KFC, and all the medical benefits it gives us. 

Oh... Well, forget I said that, then. Listen, Team B, you should be seeing a large drift of snow with some metal sticking out of it just to your left.

We've run every test imaginable... little Kyle here is infected with HIV.

Little boy, have you been having unprotected anal sex?

Well, that's the problem. You see, chickenpox is a pretty normal thing for young children, but as you get older it becomes a more and more ferocious disease. 

He's on full life-support and breathing fine. He shouldn't need any help - so long as the power doesn't go out.  Oof. Who didn't see that coming a mile away, huh?

He needs to have more time.

It occurs when a person stops eating meat. Those sores on his skin were actually small vaginas. If we hadn't stopped it in time, Stan would have eventually just become one great big giant pussy.

Mr. Marsh, I'm afraid that the tests came back positive. You do have testicular cancer.

Now, son, that's not's gonna do him any good. I'll let you know if there's a change in his condition.

I found a map that shows the location of a backup generator. Apparently, they built a large self-sustaining generator- for just this kind of emergency. But it's out and away from the hospital.

The what?

Little boy, are you sure you haven't taken it up the hoohoo just once or twice?

Good. Head towards it. Team A out.

He'll be okay, but it's a good idea for us to monitor him for a while.

Yes. I can hear the needle scraping against the bone inside.  Oops, he's hemorrhaging. 

Give the poor kid some morphine. 

No, he's just passed out. We should get him to bed. 

Well, alright then. We'll get you prepped for surgery.  If you'll just sign this release. 

Alright, send him in.  Oh, Stanley.

Yes, I'm afraid we're critically understaffed. Unless we get help soon, all these people in here are completely fucked.  Metaphorically speaking, that is.

Kenny! Nnnoooooo!

Well, we made it. The power is on, the snow is melting, and your friend Mephesto is doing fine.

He got served. Worst I've ever seen.

Team B? Come in, Team B.

It's a good thing we got her to the hospital in time.

Give the child to me. 

What?

I'm afraid I wouldn't know how. Unfortunately for this little fella, I'm a people doctor. Best we call the animal shelter.

Your prescription for what?

It's a stick.

Uhhh…

There there, young man. Medical science is nothing to be afraid of. 

No, it isn't strep...

Stan?

Over there!  Another wet willie?

Alright, Stanley, I'm going to be very honest with you. Your little friend Kyle needs a kidney transplant. Or it is very possible that... he will die.

Damn! The wire connecting the nodes is gone! We need to complete the circuit between them, or we're screwed.

There's no time! Once these lights flicker out all the patients on life-support are going to die!

Yep, you check out fine.

Your son tried to kill himself in a ritualistic fashion I've never seen before. His chances of surviving are very slim. I'm so sorry.

What the hell is going on?

Hold on, hold people people, please!  We are all forgetting what is really at issue here! Look around! These men all have cancer! It's no coincidence that when this building changed, the rise in cancer went up. Don't you see? The KFC was keeping people healthy!

Well, we found a... tampon stuck up your child's ass. Apparently, he'd had it up there for several days. It plugged him up until he finally burst from the inside out like a ruptured septic tank.

Well just be thankful we got you here in time. Your parents are here to see you, I'll send them in.

Ooo! His head fell off.

He is really, really sick, Stanley. I was seeing him last week when he first got ill, but unfortunately his mother has decided to put all her trust into holistic medicine.

He's very lucky you got him here when you did. He was in a very advanced state of vaginitis.

You know, most people don't realize that chickenpox is actually a form of herpes.

Roger, Team B.  He's reached the backup generator.  Team B, can you see the two copper nodes?

I'll be right with you, right after I inject this man with a long needle.

There's no telling. He may never recover. We'll just have to wait. And see. 

Now, Eric, you've suffered massive head trauma. Your road to recovery will be long and arduous. At least another two days. 

Jesus Christ.  What kind of sick bastard would do this to a dog?! Poor little pup.

Yes, die. It won't be any easy death, either. The chickenpox will slowly move down his trachea into his lungs.

Five me 50 cc's of ketamine, STAT. And get something for the kid, too.

Please, Mr. Chef. I've over 100 people to attend to an-and only myself and Nurse Goodly.

Nurse, please! I need another pair of hands in here!  Oh, sorry.

It's over, Mr. Garrison. This is it. We had enough.

We just didn't get to him in time. There's nothing we could do.

Push, now. Push hard!  Oh my God. 

We're an equal-opportunity employer here, son. 

Well there's a lot of ways you can get cancer.

I warn you, Ms. Cartman. Your son's time could give out at any minute. He needs to be kept here where his time could be monitored.

My God, that's a hell of a storm. 

One moment, please. Nurse, I need 20 cc's of sodium pentathol, stat! 

I can see its head!

Ugh, some people just have a weak stomach.

Well, I suppose we could try a time transplant. I'll have to call in a specialist. 

We must split up into two teams: Team A, and Team B. Team A will consist of myself, Stan, Kyle, Eric, Chef, and Nurse Goodly. Team B will consist of Kenny.  Now, listen closely, Team B. Your goal will be to turn on the backup generator. To do this you must brave the storm outside and get into this sewage duct.  Meanwhile, Team A will go to the holding area, here  where there is a television, and some cocoa. We will drink the cocoa and watch family programming until Team B makes it through the sewage duct. By that time, Team B- remember, that's you, Kenny- should reach the outer core of the generator. It will be a cold and dangerous climb to the top, and there could be velociraptors- here.  Once you reach the top, you should be able to get a clear view from this windows of us drinking cocoa and watching television. Then, you could proceed down into the generator, and power it on. Are there any questions?

It's been two... days. Nurse, you can remove his face-warmer now.

Well, apparently, he thinks he's a Vietnamese prostitute named Ming Li.

For what?

I know this is a lot to lay on someone your age, but... the rest of the town is so gung-ho in New Age medicine that I have nowhere else to turn.

Oh, hello Coach.

I'm going to prescribe a laxative.  But I must warn you: when you do finally pass this stool, it might be very painful.

Oh, wow, you did? Wow. You guys suck.

It involves Tabasco sauce, a telephone, and the anus.  I don't know what kind of kid would do this to other people; I only know that I wouldn't ever want to be on that kid's bad side. 

It took us a long time to narrow it down, but there is no doubt.

Great, then, let's do it. Go, Team!

Where's the little fat boy? He'll be delighted that Mephesto's awake.

Look! He's coming around again.

I'm sorry, detectives, there was nothing we could do.

This is the tenth case I've seen this week. It can't be a coincidence. Something in this town is giving men testicular cancer.

Nurse, I could use some help in here!

Mr. and Ms. McCormick.

We've got an IV of pure beef blood pumping into Stan's veins and the... sores are fading.

As he chokes for breath, the pox will move through his inner ear into his brain, making him think he's David Duchovny.

Oh sure, sure. But we have to get him back soon. If he doesn't get his antibiotic shot today, he could die.

Yes?

Yes, but his time is still getting weaker. It will give out soon unless we do something. 

Yes, fat camp.

He seems to have put all his hope into you winning that game. And with a tie, he's in a kind of... cancer limbo.

You're doing fine, Ms. McCormick.  It's alright, Kenny. Come see the miracle of life. 

No, boys! You need to take him home and let him get plenty of sleep. 

Boys, I'm afraid your fat little friend has suffered head trauma.

Yes, it was pretty severe.

Oh, I see.  Are you sure that now that it's already out, you don't wanna just let your friend Kyle have it?

Sorry, son, it might be a while.

We're doing the best we can, ma'am. They've closed the pass and none of the other doctors can get through. For now, it's just me, and Nurse Goodly. 

Yes, but it was all a trick to get you to come in and sign this release.

Miles' appendix has burst. I have no choice but to operate now with our limited power. I need you all to be strong for me.  Nurse Goodly will take care of the anesthesia. Chef, you act as her arms.  Boys, you have to help with suction and bandages. Ready?

This is the young man here. He was in a coma for over sixteen hours. 

How can I help you?

Well, this is about all I can do for him.

