Take it easy.

What have you got?

Oy can't figh' 'em off no moh!

Pip!  A young gentleman! Of great expectations!

Sure! They're those things with vaginas in them.

Yeah, it sounds super-hard.

We don't care about the company.

'E's the one that sent you to London, Pip! 'E's the one who sent you off to be a gentleman!

Blow what?

This is bullpucky!

Alright, keep an eye on all three of them.

If you think you got the stomach for this, then we can definitely use your help, young man.

Oh, well, uh Pip's not for sale, sir.

The seasons change.

Well, for starters we can look in the want ads and see if we can find Pip a job. Ohhh, lookie here! Young man wanted for paid position!

Hello.

Oh... Oh, that's giving me a clue. Yeah, ye-yeah, I've got a raging clue right now.

Alright. Look 'ere, I made me a metal orange. 

No, Mr. Mouse.

Well, about that, Pip: There's another person who wants to see you. 

Oh F-, oh Frank, seriously, I have such a raging clue right now, I think we'd better follow it.

The same.

That's right. You're safe and warm now.

We all wear purity rings. It means we are going to be pure and not have sex until we're married.

And so you bang on this side, and bang on that side, and there you have it.  Your very own metal fuzzy dice.

Come on guys. 

What's that, Pip.

Well, well, maybe we'll just refuse to go onstage. 

'Cause I still love you, bay-bay!

Yeah, we've heard of that. We've also heard of the Declaration of Independence. See, there's a lot of people out there who think like you, people who think their government doesn't have the right to go around poking their noses in the e-mails of its citizens. That is, until a plane flies into a couple of towers and a little girl loses her life. You wanna live in the Land of the Free and the Home of the Brave, but the brave can't be free if the land isn't home, and that land won't be home so long as folks out there wanna take that American flag and shove it so far up your anus that you crap stars and stripes for a week, and as you're sittin' there on the toilet with the Star-Spangled Montezuma's Revenge there's one thing I can guarantee you.

Nnnn, who would benefit most from two buildings disappearing?

Pip? Pip, old chap? 

Oh, I don't know about that. I just like to keep to me blacksmithin'. 

Hey, listen, we saw you out there in the audience.

Look, we just want our concerts to be about our music, and not about purity rings.

You won't care who's checkin' your Twitter account then. 

So Randy, what gyms are good around here? Where do you work out?

Our decision is final! We have decided, as a band, not to wear purity rings anymore!

It's a never-ending grind here at the NSA, and it seems there's never enough detectives to keep track of everyone.  Sergeant! What have you got, Larson.

Eeyyyy, what's all this, Pip?

I don't know about that. I just thought I'd keep to me blacksmithing.  Ey, look! I've made me a metal fire poker. 

Oh... I'm starting to get a clue too.

You did it, Pip! 

Well, I gotta find somethin'.  My biceps are goin' flat.

Uh, we're gonna be doin' a live concert from Red Rocks tonight that will be live-broadcast on the Disney Channel.

So, what do ya say, girls? You wanna be kid hipsters like us and wear purity rings too?

Yeah! 

This is a wake up call to America. We cannot turn our backs on gays anymore!

Tell me how was I to know?

Oh. D'ooooh. No, I don't think so, Pip.  Who could that be? 

We wanna talk to you about some tweets you've been tweeting.

I was getting a clue like every two minutes.

Well we don't wanna be selling sex to little girls anymore.

Well, I guess Old Ms. Havisham won't be takin' any revenge on any more blokes, ey?

You can keep a little girl company for 20 quid a day, Pip. And Old Mrs. Havisham is the wealthiest woman in the town. 

You see? We were right about the purity rings! A nice Christian symbol can't be used for profit gains.

Well. Um.  We, we wear these to symbolize how pure we are and how we ...um don't approve of things that are naughty or filthy.

...Alright, keep an eye on them. Let me know if anything changes. 

I am, sir.

My clue's pointing over there now!

Whatchoo got, Miller.

That's great news! 

Yeah. Uh huh.

...There's too many of them! 

Heaven forbid I should stand in the way of Pip's future, but-

Oofff.

Oh, lookie heeah!  I've gone and made a metal newspaper!

Pip, she started the device! 

And the world goes round.

