I don't know if you realize how serious locker hoarding is.  It can lead to room hoarding, then house hoarding. In some cases, people even hoard animals, like cats.

It's a dream world where Mackey can imagine himself to be anything. It's dangerous!

Ahhh, you're back, everyone! 

Dammit I'm not working for the military anymore, Krueger!

Now, as part of Stan's therapy, we need to make sure we don't throw away anything he doesn't want us to. Stan needs to feel like he is in control or his psychosis will come out.

It's the cloud of your memories, of your past.  Your childhood perhaps. What do you see in the cloud? Who is in the cloud?

Hello, Freddy.  You're looking healthy.

Alright, that does it.  Get your coat.

Because.

What are you doing?!

We don't know a lot about what causes hoarding, but we do know it often relates to some kind of psychological trauma. If it's okay with you, we'd like to run some tests on the both of them.

And it will be like a taco, inside a taco, within a Taco Bell, that's inside a KFC, within a mall, that's INSIDE YOUR BRAIN! 

We need to get help from the most powerful dream infiltrator in the world.

The maggots are crawling down my hand and biting my wrist, Stan. Can we throw this away?

Alright, look, we're in a pickle again and we need your help. Got some people trapped inside a dream.

It's okay, Mr. Yelman, I'm a hoarding specialist. What you have is an illness. 

Can we throw out these wadded up papers, then? 

Yes, you are herding sheep by hoarding them, aren't you? It's good you realize that.

Oh Jesus.

Oh no, really?

Yes, and so that's why I called the fire department. I don't know where else to turn.

There's no doubt about it. The school counselor here is a Class-5 hoarder. As for your son, Mr. and Mrs. Marsh, he's easily a Class-3.

What the hell is going on?!

Alright, you wanna risk your ass?! Fine!  You see a cloud, it's a fluffy cloud, floating, happy, happy fluffy cloud. You reach out to it.

Okay, okay, we'll put that right here on the floor. Now how about this?  Broken toothbrush.

It's full of maggots, Stan. Can we throw it away?

Believe me, this is the last thing I wanted to have happen.

If they don't, it'll be the end of Europe as we know it.

It means Mr. Mackey's childhood regression dream is... so vivid it actually sucked the other two patients into it.

Okay, okay. Broken toothbrush is going right here, by the pencil box.  Now how about this?  Old sandwich in a baggie filled with maggots.

There's some good men stuck in there.

Something's happening. I'm getting Bogart levels on all counter ups.

It's pronounced "hoarder," and yes you are.

Four people, in there, all stuck in the middle one's dream.

Are you crazy?! Mackey is in a very unstable state!

Alright everyone, we are all here to face the disease of hoarding together. Nothing to be ashamed of, everyone here has the same problem. Whether it's office hoarding or in the locker, or even the hoarding of animals.

Wife and kids.

Now how about this empty aspirin bottle?

We had a country to protect!

Well, now that we've uncovered Mackey's source of hoarding, we can finally move on to yours, Stan. Are you ready for your therapy?

I told him not to go into the dream after his son. He should have waited for the experts to get here.

Probably one of them in the dream.

What is it?!

Well, did you find the painful source of your hoarding problem, Mr. Mackey?

Some of those trapped are firemen. Public servants, innocent in all of this.

Trust me, I know what I'm doing. I want the three of you to relax, and think about... a cloud. A lone cloud... floating... changing... Light... cool air... blowing on the cloud. Float-  WAAH! HAAA! HAAA!

Sorry, I just got a weird gas bubble for a second.  Anyway, A lone cloud... floating... wisps of cool air... Now the cloud is near you. You... you reach out to it.

Ah good, you're here.

