Hoh, I'm excited too. I think it will bring my Father's children back to their faith and back to mine eyes, for I an the Lamb of God.

Thank you my children.  We've all been through a lot. We got caught up in scauses... that didn't mean squat. They turned my message away from the teachings it hid, and made it about me and the things that I did. Which of course I didn't do. And even if I did use performance-enhancing drugs, so did all the other prophets. But I didn't. So what have we learned from this great wristband theft? Maybe, that when stripped of our scauses, only causes are left. And causes shouldn't be worn on our wrists with a sneer. Let's keep our causes where they belong, which is  right here. On T-shirts!  Free Pussy Riot! 

Just make it quick.  Through the neck. I'll arise again immediately.

If you're just joining us, we've been listening to Michelle's incredible story of survival. Go on, Michelle.

Unless what?

I can't say I approve of this, my children.

Aslan, the evil characters are almost here!

Let him come then. I shall stop him!

Pff, I know, right?

That's not the topic tonight. The topic is global warming.

Yea, many of you are seeking answers, and I am the way for you my children. Let's open the phone lines back up for some questions... Hello caller, you're on the air. 

Next caller, you're on the air.

Yes! But this time, I've brought some help! Super Best Friends! 

Who are you to say that?! 

Well, what do ya want?

Not so fast, David Blaine!

We've gotta stop that oversized Abraham Lincoln! Mohammad!  Great Scott!

Behold. The Evil One approaches.

Yea, 'tis my Father, the Creator. He is the Alpha and the Omega.  The Beginning and the End.

Yeah, well, I guess we're just gonna have to accept that people aren't gonna think very highly of us.

Holy Me, so tender and mild.
Sleep in heavenly peace.
Sleep in heavenly peace.

My child, the man who lives here has led a witch hunt to destroy my legacy. I am simply here to search for something I can use...

-- Yea, the way is paved with gold for ye who seek truth and- 

Away in the manger, no crib for My bed
That's where cute little old Me lay down My sweet head.
The stars in the sky (Santa: Ooooo)

Uh-oh, sssooo what are we supposed to do?

Thank you for your faith but, I think perhaps you don't understand the severity of the situation.

Damien!

All right!

Oh no! Are you there, God? Father, will you please reconsider and show up tomorrow?  ...Hello?

So it is thou, Son of Lucifer!

This fight has been ordained since the beginning! My children, this is the most crucial and serious time... of all history.
Commercial
Who will win our souls? . Our Savior and Lord?  Or the Prince of Darkness?  It's the final battle between Good and Evil  and it's only on Pay Per View! Jesus Versus Satan! Live, from the South Park Forum on Saturday. Call now to order, only $49.95

Alright Krishna, the rest is up to you.

Hold!

Your bet was changed as well. You forsaked me too!

Ohh, alright.

But I don't really care about that.

Of course Robert. How are things now?

Of course. I know you, my child. Come in.

Uhhh... Hi.  Uh, yeh-yeah, okay. Beginning today, we're taking the show in a new direction.  We've got some very interesting people coming on the show this week for you, our viewers. Today's guest is: TV's Gilligan, Mr. Bob Denver.

Yay, look upon me, and know me.

Wuh well, yeah.

O come, all ye faithful, joyful and triumphant
O come ye to Bethlehem to see-ee Me...

I cannot face him alone. We must get the help of all the super best friends.  Buddha. Buddha, come in!

Ahm-hm-hm! Excuse me, I just talked to the bookie at the sports betting bar-

Because Kenny is only doing things that anybody could do. For money. He's a prostitute.

NO! Pff! That's just... no! Okay? No. Everyone just lost their faith. Did you cut your wristband off, my son?

You heard him, Super Best Friends! We've got to make a giant stone John Wilkes Booth!

The mass suicide is over, Blaine! And so are you!

Uh. Santa, Santa, Santa, that's not a Christmas song, bud. Ah... that's-

We need to know any weakness Barbra Streisand might have!

Well, maybe because I'm the Son of God, brainiac, now, do you have a question?

He did it!

Well, it looks like everything worked out. 

Let's hope to Christ this works. 

There has to be a way to destroy it.  Jesus to Moses!

Here. I have a videotape of his performance the other night.

Yes my son.

Very well. Let the final battle between Good and Evil be fought - right here in South Park!

You're a... bad liar.  Yay. B-but we sure gave them one hell of a fight, huh?

... Who said that?

Hey, Rod, great to see you.

Okay! Thank you caller. Well, let's go to our first guest, Dr. Alphonse Mephesto.  Thank you for coming. You claim to know the cause of global warming in South Park.

Non. Non. Nono, non, non, WAAAAHH!! 

Yes, it very well may be if we don't do something now. 

Just make an appearance. You can come down, say 'hi' to a few people and can be back by 12:30.

Come, Stanley. We must travel far and long.

That's right. Don't you see, gingers?  If you don't want to be made fun of anymore, all you need are guns and bombs to get people to stop.

Oh, really? 

Cute little eight-pound me (Santa: Oo-oo)

Stop! That rabbit is of holy descent!

And yet, somehow, he managed to survive.

Uhh, we'll find out more about this debauchery when we return. 

What is your problem, guy?!

Actually, I was answering the prayer of Nick Donovan.

Yea, believe in me and ye shall find peace.  First caller, you're on 'Jesus and Pals' 

Oh. Uuuh, let me think about that for a minute. 

I know. I just feel like if people could see me in action again, they'd they'd realize I'm not a fraud.

-to Me!
Silent Night,

Father, I need to talk to you. Please, Father, appear to me. 

It worked. Now freeze over the pool so no one else can drown themselves! 

No, uh-no, no. But could ya help me train a little?

Santa? Is he alright?

Oh, what are you gonna do? Kwy now?

Stanley, I want you to meet some of the super best friends : Buddha, with the powers of invisibility; Mohammad, the Muslim prophet with the powers of flame ; Krishna, the Hindu deity; Joseph Smith, the Mormon prophet; Lao Tse, the found of Taoism ; and Seaman, with the ability to breathe underwater and link mentally with fish.

Oh - oh yeah??

We'll never get out in time to stop him!

...I have given it much thought, my children, and you are right. After reviewing the Bible, it does indeed say that something very big is going to happen at the millennium.  I have spoken to my Father in heaven, and he agreed that the millennium is significant to all of us. And ye who believe in me SHALL be rewarded!  So what we're going to do tomorrow night, New Year's Eve, 1999: we just got ROD STEWART to agree to play a comeback concert at the Rio Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, and you're all going! 

Distances unfathomable to man. Yea, take hold of my robe, Stanley, and do not open your eyes.

It doesn't matter. He's way too strong for me anyway-I give up.

Aw, come on! I weigh more than that.

Maybe, if we could get people to care about it, then I could go and save it, and people would be stoked on me again!

Happy Birthday to me, Happy Birthday to me...

Oh boy.

I understand. And Kyle, happy Easter.

Well, God can't just answer every prayer and suddenly give you everything you want. That takes all the living out of life.

Satan must be defeated, Chef! Please help me to train.

My son, there is no time! Do it!

What?

Okay, pal. You asked for it! 

No, we can't. Come on, you guys, this is our home. We have to fight, to keep it the way it was meant to be.

There are so many of them. HAAAAA! 

Back to our courageous story of a little boy's triumph over obesity. Eric, yea. You found that the Spirit of the Lord inside you gave you strength.

My children, you should know something.  I'm packing.  Let's go! 

Yes, yes caller, you need to turn your TV down, that's why you're getting that weird feedback.

We need to get some bracelets.

Actually, I was referring more to the pursuit of truth, but—Well, anyway, I can't wait to get back to my old show without all the glitz and the ratings and producers and--

Kick who to the kerb?

Kyaaaaa!

Jesus Christ!

So it was written, and so the cycle of years brings the Son of the Evil One.

I get it now, Father. I had to learn all this on my own.  I was overcome with my new popularity and, and I let pride get in the way of good judgment. 

What?

So. Bob. So, yu-you just get in town?

You have blemished the meaning of Christmas for the last time, Kringle!

Oh,don't worry  I have a few more miracles up my sleeve.

W-well, let's see if the audience has any questions.  Yes, uhh, you over there. 

What are you doing out so late, kids?

Ah-hi kids, I only do autographs after the show.

Yes, my son.

Uhh, we'll be back right after these messages.

Alright, Stanley. You can open your eyes now.  This is the hall of the super best friends, Stanley, the headquarters for those who stand for what's right.

Lao Tse, bring it to life. 

Let's all just..make our way back to our seats.

Shhhh.

Leave me alone.

Pfyeah and we're, like, you know, p-yeah, here. 

A little boy who overcame the odds. Let's hear it for Eric Cartman!  Well, our second guest tonight is a young man named Kenny McCormick, who is going to eat dog crap. Kenny? 

Here.  Can you walk?

Vengeance is mine! 

No. Worse!

That's right, Santa, and we love each and every one of them. Like this one.
Joy to the world, for I have come.
Let earth receive Me!
Let every heart prepare Me room. 

Are you there, God? It's me, Jesus. I feel like I've got a real shot at a comeback, God. For whatever reason, people are starting to follow me again. I'm 2000 years old, but I feel like I'm 28 again! I think I'm going to win everybody back, because I just made a few phone calls, and I'm going to put on the most amazing New Year's spectacle this world has ever seen!

Oh. Kids, yeyou believe I can beat Satan, right?

Wow. That's pretty heavy.

let it snow!

Alright, people. Are we ready to rock the millennium?!  Father in heaven, please let tonight's show go well. Please make them like it.

What video tapes?

Give it your best sho-  Oh! 

There, they are healed.  Santa...

In nome del mio padre, siete guarito. 

Is it?

Popeye, I need some help here! 

Uh-mmm, um what are you people doing?  Can I help you with something? 

Welcome back to Jesus and Pals. Jimbo, why do you think little Stanley lies?

Father. You came.

Get out! 

Shut the fuck up!  Jesus, what is wrong with you people?! Look around you, Stanley. Look at all the pain and suffering your lie has caused. 

Not anymore. I'm removing you from your position. 

Oh no.

Then let's go.

Wa! 

Huh? He doesn't hate you, he hates me. He's gonna let me be crucified again.

Aw heck.  Do I have a choice? 

Okay, Seaman, you guys head off!

I want to apologize to all of you for what happened in there. In our competition for ratings we lost sight of why we got into show business in the first place.

Uh, folks, I'm afraid God can't make it tonight.

How are y'all doing tonight?

All right. I'll build a stage. Lao Tse, use mind control to get a huge audience. Buddha and Smith, use powers to find a band. Seaman,  you and Swallow go get us sushi for dinner. 

Uuh-huh?

That should do the trick. Now for some concrete.

What??

Awgh! 

Oh Uh-n nurse? Mr. Stewart has apparently pooped his pants?

Blessed art thou, Robert. Next caller, you're on the air. 

Is that true, Stan?

It's Dad.

Father, everyone is starting to pay attention to me again because of the new millennium. Huh-I'm kinda making a comeback!

What are you doing?! 

Not yet.

That's enough, Barbra Streisand! Kiwaaa!  Smith! Try your ice breath! 

Martin, from Aspen Park, yes, I know.

But dad, I think this may be my one big shot at a comeback.

Sometimes it is best to say nothing, my son.

Oh. Well, I guess it worked a little better on people 2000 years ago.

Jesus!

Come in, Moses!

You're all a bunch of Judases!

Oh, really. Then what's this  Ace of Spades doing behind your ear?

The lights are turned way down low, so
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow.

These are very troubling times and these farmers are literally fighting for their lives. You know I'm uh, ah-I'm here just to do whatever I can.

Yea, children. I am the way and the light...

Thou must taketh me to this seedling of Satan, so mine eyes can confirm the wretched truth.

Nobody is going next!  Muhammad is our super best friend! Let him go!

I'm not touching that with a sixty foot pole.  Next caller.

This is exactly why I put a rabbit in charge of the Church, Benedictus! Because men are so easily led astray. St. Peter was a rabbit. And a rabbit should be Pope.

We're back with Jimbo and his nephew, Stan. These kids can't stop lying, can't they?

Wait. Jimbo made that up?

P-yeah! Instead of focusing on us, we need to get everyone focusing on what matters! Where's Belaruh-ruh-roos?

Our Savior!

My son, a lot of people have wondered what my stance on homosexuality is. So I'd like to state once and for all, my true opinion. You see-

Kids, you need to all stop spending all your time here and go back to school.

And as for you, Stan uh, I think you need to kick your drug habit and--

What can we possibly do?

Buddha, will you lay off that stuff already?! It's gettin' to be a problem.

Buddha, we may have a problem. I've just encountered a magic I've never seen before.

I implore you all: don't bet on the Dark One. It is a bet that you will never win.

So... Um... Su-so, wwhat have you been up to?

Look at me! I'm Jesus! Would you like me to crap on you, Mr. Bush? 

If God answered all our prayers, there'd be nothing left for us to do ourselves. Life is about problems, and overcoming those problems.  A-and growing and learning from obstacles. If God just fixed everything for us, then there'd be no point in our existence.  That's why he wouldn't show up to my New Year's party.

So. Kenny, how did you discover that you had this... talent?

Wow. Now, Stanley, it sound like your uncle is really worried about you.

It doesn't show signs of stoppin'.

Not as a mortal. Only in death. Wait. That's it. We have no choice, Kyle. You're going to have to kill me.

Stab me with this.  If I die I can resurrect outside the bars.

Oh! 

Wait here, I can handle this.

Il vostro bambino se arguisto. 

Yeah?

Your magic is no match for our powers combined, Blaine!

My children, it is time for you to go home and stop following this false prophet. You should be using your money and time for other things. These are simple magic tricks. His magic is interesting, but will it put food on your table? Feeding the hungry - now that is a miracle!  Behold! I have here fives loaves of bread and three fish. Certainly not enough to feed this entire crowd, but now - turn around  Ya need tuh- turn around.  Okay, now turn back. 

But the fire so delightful

Christmas is for celebrating my birth!

Hi, Bob Denver.

I'm just doing what I've always done. People wanna know what I'm on. What am I on? I'm on a farm in Belarrus busting my ass! What are you on?!

All is calm, all is bright
'Round yon Virgin, Mother and Me.

This fight has been ordained since the beginning! My children, this is the most crucial and serious time... of all history.

So, what happens at the millennium?

My son, much has changed since you were last here. Muhammad cannot make public appearances.

Uhhh, clever?

The Dark Prince?

You're right, Stan. Thank you, boys! 

Oh, shut up, Buddha!

Yeah, I know how it goes.

Holy Night

Are you still keeping your eyes closed?

Jesus... That's where the boys took Muhammad. We have to stop her!  On the Super Best Friends power cycles! 

Get away.

We have to get him out of there.

Hark, the herald angels sing, Glory-

W-wait, everybody. Come back.

My child,  have you ever heard of a place called Hell? It's eternal fire, and it's gonna hurt real bad.

It's the millennium, Father. People want to see you.

I'm confused.

Yes. Yes, I think I do.  We need a little Christmas miracle.  Lock and load! We're goin' in!

Great Scott! It's Barbra Streisand! 

Buddha, don't do coke in front of kids! 

I have the power of resurrection. Or have you forgotten? You all seem to have forgotten a lot of things.

He must be in that building below us. Land it on the roof, Mr. Hankey.

Poo pants?

What?  Aw, shit!

I sent her away.

But as long as you love me so,

What?

My son...

Our topic tonight is the rising temperatures in South Park. Let's go to the phones.  Caller, you're on the air.

Get up the stairs! The sleigh is on the roof! 

Hearing his voice, I don't know. What do you think Moses? 

I have been forsaken! It seems that several bets were changed to Satan this morning.  In fact, it seems that only one person in this entire town is still betting on me!

Let's move. Move!

You know, ah I don't even have time to think about that. This is a crisis that needs my attention and I'm just here to do whatever I can. I've talked to the government here and I've talked to the farmers, and I think we have everything just about worked out. 

I heard that.

But Eric, I think this time I have to teach you a lesson. I'm sending you somewhere to think about your sins!

O-okay, okay, that's enough.

Let's all just..make our way back to our seats.

Look, why don't we just stick to our own show? People will watch again.

Uh Santa?

Suicide is blasphemy. There's no choice here, Kyle!

Thanks for coming on the show, Kenny.

You're good to bring this to my attention, Stan. Cults are a very dangerous thing.

One man cannot be the voice of the Church!

I don't know, Seaman. 

Thanks, Roland. Blessed art thou. 

We have to find another weak spot!  Moses!

Let's open the phone lines back up for some questions….

Anybody get the number of that truck? 

Tell little Gregory that cheating is lying and lying is wrong, no matter what the circumstance.

Wait a minute. At his performance David Blaine said something about trying to get tax-exempt status.

You know, whatever stupid rumors people wanna believe about me, it doesn't change the fact that the people of Belarrus need my help.

His magic is too powerful, Stanley. I've never seen anything like it.

Hello, Kyle? This is Jesus.

Uh, you pooped your pants?

Uuh-I think we've somewhat missed the point here. Let's go to somebody else.  Yes, your comments.

Wha-what are you talking about?

Oow!  Ooooooh! 

That's what I'm doing. 

Uh, the folks are sure glad you're playing. It's really given them a lot of faith in me again. I'm sure that together, we can make this millennium party the best New Year's bash ever!

Yeah...

Who's the creepy ginger kid?

Do you have an opinion on global warming?

Don't... don't ever... let them take away... our... Christmas spirit. 

Goddamnit! 

