Oh Eric! Uh, Eric, I know we kinda threw you under the bus, mkay, but I hope you understand the faculty didn't really have a choice.
Well... why do you like his farts in your tummy?
M'kay. Kids, I asked you to write a paper to read aloud for the class. Now, who want to start?  M'kay, class.
Well you'd better not! Because let me tell you some'n' about smokin'!  Uh, smokin's bad, m'kay.  And uh, if you start smokin' at an early age, m'kay, ih it's gonna be bad.  M'kay, because uh, smoking can lead to all kinds of health problems like cancer.  M'kay, and let me tell you something about cancer, m'kay. Cancer's bad. M'kay, and uh, eh, what?  What the?  Holy shit! M'kay?! 
Oh, no problem.  Usted es choir de Estados Unidos, mbien?
It's like you had a guardian angel, m'kay? 
Naw, I just-- I had to get away, m-m'kay? I just lost my job.
Uh, yes, we've decided to go without kickoffs because of the concerns raised over concussions, m'kay?
Sit down, boys. Now, let's see. What did Mr. Garrison send you in here for? "The boys were being rude while a choir teacher was giving some stupid presentation-"
See, that's probably the gluten talkin', uhkay? If you cut out gluten, you don't ever get pissed off.
Now you might all think I've given up finding out who crapped in the urinal. M'kay? And maybe, maybe you think it's a victimless crime. This, is Mr. Venezuela , the school janitor. Okay?  He's the person... who has to clean up... when some trickster... drops a dook in the wrong toilet! Mr. Venezuela makes six bucks an hour at best! Okay? He's got three kids at home, he's got a car that barely works, he's gotta clean up puke with sawdust, m'kay, then he walks into the boys' room and sees a big meaty chud starin' him in the face!  So when you crapped in that urinal, m'kay, you might as well have just dropped your pants, and laid a turd right on top of Mr. Venezuela's head!  Oh, you think it's funny, huh?!
Your attention, please. Will Kyle Broflovski report to the principal's office?
Huh. You you think the students would like that?
Okay Eric, as your counselor, uh I want you to feel comfortable talking about anything, m'kay?
No, Clinton's vice-president.  He is here today to talk to you students about some very serious issues. Please welcome Al Gore. 
M'kay, parents, some of you have already heard, but most of you have not, m'kay? We've had a terrible incident occur at the school. Apparently a young girl uh, went up to a young boy here at the school, m'kay, and queefed in his face. 
No, it's really not as nice as you might imagine, Chef, m'kay. 
Our students did average, maybe just below average.
Uh, I I needed the silver package? Okay okay? Can we do that?
Anyway, I... I sort of lost any confidence and found it impossible to ever ask a woman out, mm, hm mm.
Well it-it's my understanding that you umhm, yu-you have an acute case of fecophilia.
Eric, the student body president really doesn't have the kind of power that you-
But I don't think I really have a problem.
Well Kyle, that's kind of odd. Uh, not sure how to help you with that.
Oh, I see, well... Well, what did you used to think was funny?
Man, this alley is cool! It's so alive and beautiful! 
Hoh! I can't sleep; it's too cold, m'kay?
All we were tryin' to do was keep another one of our students from killing themselves! We're not bad!
No, this is gonna work! I called IntelliLink and they said they were sending over an engineer. 
Okay, kids, today we have a special assembly, m'kay. Today we're going to learn about "the diversity of Asian people." Please welcome Mr. Lu Kim and Mr. Junichi Takiyama. 
Uh, right, right, uh, like in the ...nipples.
Wuughhhuh. Where do I go? What do I do?
Okay, well Wendy, I'm just tryin' to uh- Oh, bye, jelly school.  Uh, Wendy, I'm just tryin' to make you understand how serious it is when you lash out at other girls.
And now we'd like to bring out a couple of very special South Park students who did a report on what the Founding Fathers would have to say about the war. 
I completely blocked it from my memory, hm'kay?
Attention students: Proceed to the school gymnasium immediately for an emergency announcement!
I had a steak wrapped with bacon last night. 
Okay, well, that's not gonna happen, Debbie. Okay, you know, uh life, life has to change, m'kay?
We know you can do it, Eric. You're smart. Wha- why you're the smartest kid in school, m'kay?
What? We can't find anybody to fill in for you. Why can't you go to Arkansas?
You just admitted to spray-painting that they should get out of town!
I just want students to be able to make appointments to see the counselor, be able to see the school norse in the easiest, most streamlined fashion!
Kyle, the thing about tattlin' is, eh tattlin's bad. M'kay, because nobody likes a tattle-tale, m'kay?
Well, I hope you learned that throwing rocks is bad, Eric.
Estoy seguro que llegáran. Eh-solo poquito mas de tiempo, ¿mbien? (I'm sure the choir will be here. We just need a little more time)
Alright, I can do a lookup for the name. Uh go back. Main menu.  Oh... Damnit. Okay now, back.  Set- no, set appointment. Okay, speakers off.  Okay, uh... Okay, what is your smart name, Kyle?
It's too late, boys, m'kay? We already know everything.
Have you guys been sure to pass gas regularly so you don't spontaneously combust?
Alright, boys, I now have all the information I need to teach you the female anatomy, hm'kay.  M'kay, this part here is the vaginal opening.  This is where the man puts his- Eric, what the hell are you doing?
M'kay! Mr. Hat, you need to let me talk to Mr. Garrison, m'kay?!
Uh hey, yeah. We, we woulda never laughed about this before.
Ookay, that's fine, that's fine. We can use IntelliLink to see what's available. Let's see, counseling request. Students. Make appointment.  Okay, ah whoops. Okay, uh sume, uh students make appoint-alala here we go. Make, make appointment.  Uhkay, here we go. Uhkay, what do you need counseling with?
M'kay, you sure? Because I'm here when you need me.
Well, I've never seen anything like this. What do you think, principal?
How am I supposed to do a play, okay, teaching students about the importance of dental hygiene without Tooth Decay?! We have two more days of tape, and then previews start on Monday! What am I supposed to do, Kyle?! You tell me!
Welcome to detention, m'kay? You are here until your parents come and pick you up. Use your time to study. 
Kyle Broflovski to the principal's office. Please. Umkay?
Students, quiet please, m'kay? As you may or may not know, today is Canada Appreciation Day.
I can't thank you enough for everything, m'kay? I feel like my old self again.
Hokay everyone, it's time to start the costume contest. m'kay.
Now-uh, let's focus our discussion first on marijawana.  Marijawana's bad, and it also has a very distinct smell, okay? I'm gonna pass around just a little tiny bit. Now, I want you all to take a smell,  so you know when someone is smoking marijawana near you. M'kay, just take a smell, pass it on,  and when it gets back up to me,  we'll finish talking about it. In the meantime, I want to get into alcohol a little, okay? Uh, alcohol is bad. Uh, if you drink alcohol you…
And why do you think Token is a tickin' time bomb?
Parece que anoche no regresaron al hotel, hmbien. (Well, they never came back to the hotel last night...)
We are hoping that if you don't fan the flames, Eric, the other students might forget might forget about it!
Oh that's good.  You see, Kyle, sometimes we feel like an outsider, we-we create friends, Okay-in our minds, Okay?
Look, what-ever you believe, the fact of the matter is somebody... dropped a dookie in the school urinal, and there's still no explanation for that!
Huh- hold on just a second there, Principal Victoria.  I think I may know what the problem is. 
No se preocupe, ¿mbien? El Presidente, estáran aqui. Este evento es muy importante para que la maestra del coro se lo pierda. ¿M-m-mbien? (Don't worry, El Presidente, they'll be here. This is too important for the choir teacher to miss.)
Okay, well, maybe you need to view this as a chance to do something you've always wanted to do.
Uh, Nurse Gollum is absolutely qualified to be a--
Hey that's right. Corey Duran killed himself last year and we're STILL dealing with the fallout. Maybe there is a way out of this. But we're gonna have to throw Eric Cartman under the bus.
No, they have to be able to get grades!
Welcome to detention. You will be here till five o'clock, so make good study use of your time. M'kay?
And these... are the two areas most important to-
Well, it's a it's not actually cat urine, but male cats, when they're marking their territory, uh spread concentrated urine to fend off other male cats and... a-and that could get you really high. M'kay? Re-really reeeally high. Okay?  Probably shou-shouldn't have told you that just now. Hm'kay? Tha, that was probably bad.
Uh that may be true, but there is a very fine line, Wendy, between being a feminist and being a hater, mkay? And you're gonna have to find that line because nobody likes a girl who's jelly!
Oh! Oh God! Oh God he killed himself! Eric Cartman killed himself! Did you see that? Oh why would he do it?  Oh wait uh here, here's a suicide note. Mkay.  Dear Guys, I just cannot go on mkay. I'm tired of being FAT, mkay, and I have to end it all. Mkay. -Eric Cartman.
Yeah, you can get a lot of action when you have a hot tub.
Stan! Hey Stan, can I talk to you?  Listen, Stan, ah I just wanna tell you... You've really been an inspiration m'kay?
Every year the fourth graders do "The Miracle Worker," and every year I have to sit and watch it.
And still tells the world that we don't. 
Well students, why don't we uh-  Oooh. Oh, gee, uh...
Oo, Wednesday? Uh-Wednesday's tough. I guess- maybe I could do somthin' uh, Thursday afternoon.
M'kay, interesting, Token, Uh... Who would like to go next?  Uh how about someone who didn't write about how cool Bebe is?
No! There's no more upgrades, m;kay?! I just want this  to work!
Uh, queef is a vaginal expulsion of gas, m'kay. 
Wull I mean it kind of wo-uhuh works out.
Uh, Eric, we're, we're talkin' about potholes right now, m'kay.
Thank you for coming on such short notice. I was just disciplining your son for his skylarkings.
Christmas is about presents. If we all buy presents, everyone benefits. M'kay?
What? What on earth are you askin' me that for?!
Oh no, apparently, he thinks he's Charlton Heston.
M'kay, kids. Uh, we have some news. Uh, there's been a terrible flood in Oklahoma, m'kay? So the 4-million-recorder-children's event is being moved to Arkansas.
Well yeah, but see, the problem is not everyone is not everyone is signed on to it yet.
I'm just sayin' that I personally feel sooo fuckin' amazing
M'kay... that's one more vote for Turd Sandwich.
Okay. Stanley, we're all here to get to the root of your behavior disorder.
M'kay, kids, we have something very serious we need to discuss today, hm'kay? It appears that some kids in school are getting high by choking themselves. Some kids call it "The Choking Game", hm'kay but, but choking yourself is bad. Hm'kay? Don-, don't do that. Hm'kay?
M'kay, so apparently the lesson plan tomorrow is s'posed to involve the secretion of bodily fluids, m'kay.
Oh, that's okay. I've got a special kids' room down in the basement.
I know that IntelliLink has had some... hiccups... uhkay. But I've hired a new faculty member whose sole responsibility will be to oversee the IntelliLink system and make sure it runs smoothly. I want you all to meet Pat Conners. 
What?! Why?! Don't worry, I will be better! These kids just aren't listenin' to me!
We get a bus... and then we... throw Eric Cartman under it.
Okay uh uh uh-apparently we have a bit of a communication problem here. Uh, Mr. Marsh, tell me how you're feeling.
Right now you're nuttier than Chinese chicken salad, mkay-I mean, you're one screwed-up little kid do you understand?
Wokay, in fifteen fucking minutes you all are not gonna care about this anymore, so I'll just say what I need to say. That was the worst rehearsal we have ever had! We are two days away from opening and you're all fuckin' around!
Well of course he does; in your screwed-up little head he's the only friend you have. 
Well from now on, I'm only going to associate with other hybrid-car drivers. Everyone else is just ignorant, m'kay?
Hnkay, would, would you mind being the coach of the South Park sarcastaball team?
Uhokay, but uh, today's actually bad. Uh I already have an assembly today on positive thinking.
Uh what's all this about, Mrs. Cartman? Is Eric having trouble at havin' trouble at his weight-management camp?
M'kay, we all need to start studying more and fighting less, m'kay? 
I am tired of seeing you in my office, young man!  You get sent here every day, Craig!
We have plenty enough to save our town now!
Okay, let's just delete all this tabloid garbage, mkay.
Uh, "commend" means you've done a great job, Eric. Hm'kay?
Students, I would like to introduce you all to the future.  M'kay. Starting today, our school will be operating entirely on IntelliLink.  Now whenever you need to see the school nurse, or talk to me, your counselor, you can simply sign up using this simple, integrated portal.  M'kay...  You can use a computer or any of the IntelliLink panels which are located throughout the school.  Lat's say you're in the cafeteria, m'kay. You start cougin' up blood and need to see the nurse. You just click on "school clinic" Mkay, see nurse. M'kay. Respiration problems.  Uh, okay, I must have I must have been in the wrong menu, uhkay. As you can see, you can control the sound system as well. Okay.  It's all integrated and smartlinked, and this is a great idea, m'kay. Let's look at the message board.  Mesage... board.  Here you can easily write messages to each other or to the faculty, m'kay? For instance,  here we go. Here's a message from Kyle's little brother, Ike Broflovski.  Okay, little Ike says "My brother is a homo" Ike made a little drawing of his brother too.  Drew a nice picture with a... nice bird hangin' off Kyle's forehead, m'kay, that's nice.  It's a nice... crane, a nice whoopin' crane comin' off Kyle's head there.
Oh, good point.  No, I don't feel any d-oooohh...  Oh, baby, get down, m'kay?
Third team foul on Westchester Bobcats, m'kay. Ball goes back over to the Cows.
Well, because uh, Jimmy is pitching a tent right now. 
Alright, come on, everybody. We've got a long bus ride back to Colorado, m'kay? 
If it's not dangerous, then eat that pure concentrated gluten, okay?
Okay, there we go. That's cut the speakers off. Now what was it you were trying to do, Kyle?
Okay, uh-- Perhaps you should let your wife finish talking, Mr. Marsh. Now, Stan, I want to you to be--
They are going to sue the bejezzus out of this entire town, m'kay!
Eric, you can't get AIDS from just sitting around, you have to get it from sex.
We'll come get you kids when the meteor shower starts. 
Okay, boys, this is the first day of sexual education, m'kay? Now, I know that some of you think this is very funny. Words like "penis" and "vagina."  Nuh- now STOP that, m'kay! We're goin' tuh get through this by being mature and grown up, m'kay.  Now, this is the male anatomy, m'kay. Here we see the testes and the scrotum.  STOP that, m'kay! The next person that laughs is gonna get a referral!  M'kay. Now, in order to have intercourse, the man takes his penis, and he... hmmm... uhh...  let's see, the man takes his penis, and he... hm.
We're gonna talk to you one at a time, boys, m'kay? Kenny, will you step into my office, please?
Ah actually I understand perfectly. I... I wasn't exactly the captain of the football team, either, huh huh, hehehuh,  anyhow  And then as I got older my... my head just sorta seemed to get bigger while the rest of my body stayed the same. That's how I got my nickname in college. 
Okay, kids? Uh, you shouldn't do drugs, m'kay? Drugs are bad. You see, I was at the bottom of the barrel. I was a wreck; why, I didn't even care about money. I was-I was wasting my life... 
But, what do we do now? I mean, we can't just stand here and block their way forever.
Eric, do you feel better about all this?
That was very good, Kyle. I think the Latino Endowment Council was very happy with your presentation. Looks like you might win. 
Estoy seguro que-uh-mmm, que-aaah llegá- llegáran. No se preocupe. Eh, olvidelo, ¿yeah-mbien? (I am sure they'll get here. No problem, forget I said anything.)
M'kay, let's see, uh the right-click is the upper-right...  uhhh, but then what the hell is the...?  Okay kids, I'm gonna need to get some clarification on this. Uh, just keep entering the calculations; I'll be right back, m'kay.
Well, let me show you, just to be sure, m'kay?  Hmm, come on. Be good, now. 
Uh but, but Wendy, Kim Kardashian is considered to be extremely beautiful, mkay?
Don't you call us un-American! This country was founded on the right to protest! M'kay?
M'kay. Wendy, why don't we hear your paper?
Well, 99% of the time, when a child is missing, it's because they've run away. M'kay? 
Well, I can't think of anything that would be THAT funny.
Uh, muy bien. Señor Presidente, um... ¿Usted no ha visto el coro, no, mm-hm bien? (Oh fine, fine... You, uh, haven't seen the choir have you?)
Welcome to detention, m'kay? Mr. Garrison told me about your little joke. It's important for you all to know why you're in detention for you to obtain the full benefits from it.
Mmm'kay, right, you're Timmy. ...Yo-you have a problem?
No! Now you listen to me!  IntelliLink is a great idea, and we just need the Goddamned Gold Package! We are doublin' down!
Now, young man, uh- school is a time for learning, mkay? Not for immature skylarkings.
BUT... the principal has finally hired a teacher to take her place. So I want you all to give your best behavior to your new Fourth Grade teacher, Mr. Garrison. 
Well he was technically standing his ground, Token.
Mrs. Cartman, I know this is extremely difficult but, there is help out there for people like you. Have you ever heard of a show called Nanny 911?
Uh, what are we supposed to do? I mean if Bane is out there on the loose then none of us are safe. One Bane's bad enough, but apparently we got like, like seven Banes? Uhkay?
Uh-uh, boys, LSD is bad. Hmmm...  Man, who put all this cotton in my mouth?  Yeah, baby... The world is so small.  I'm free... I'm free...
M'kay, very nice, Clyde. Uh, Token, why don't you read your paper?
Hello! Welcome, hmkay? This is already a wild party, hm.
Ma-marijuwana makes you feel depressed and low, m'kay?
No! No excuses! You have a problem bein' jelly, Wendy! Okay?! Just maybe, I should have you sent off to jelly school!
He's what... Oh, you do? R-right now, right now it is? M'kay, m'kay. Don't worry, Jimmy.  N'kay, uhhh, let's pick someone else. Um, Eric, why don't you come up here?
Oh, you see that? His dick's flyin' off. 
You're here because you are inferior, m'kay? You are here because you are awkward, m'kay?
Now, now, Tooth Decay, your character is supposed to be mean and nasty. M'kay. Stop cryin'.  Nono. See, Tooth Decay can't be sad until Toothbrush and Dental Floss have gotten rid of him. You can't just start already sad; there's nowhere to go. Besides, there's no arc. M'kay. Oh for crying out loud! Alright, alright Tooth Decay, you just go home and sort yourself out! The rest of us will rehearse the finale again! And you'd better come back tomorrow with a different attitude, Tooth Decay! M'kay?! 
Uh, he says Pablo here will take you on a rainforest tour.
Oh, well uh w-we think that bullyin' is... is, is bad... m'kay, and uh, and when we see bullying in the school, we tell the students, you know, that... uh that that's bad. m'kay?
Our minds are one. Mkay? Our thoughts are one. Mkay?
Now I also understand that you're Jewish. Is that right, Kyle?
But even if it were safe for Muhammad to be shown, how would we ever find him?
You're right. They, they really seem into it, m'kay. 
M'kay Eric, I'm just gonna have you read this piece of paper.
Uh, young man, "Getting Gay With Kids" is not dumb, m'kay? It just so happens that I'm on the board of directors.
Parents, I had to call you in here because your boys have refused to attend class with their homosexual teachers, m'kay?
Uh huh hi Eric, uh, how's it goin'?
Kids? Kids, okay, I need to talk to you about a serious matter.  You probably all noticed my orange wristband , mkay? It's to show my solidarity with the people of Belarus.  Mkay, you should know that the Belarusian government is right now trying to-
Is this some kind of joke? We are two weeks into tent rehearsals! Who the heck would sit at home watching the royal wedding?!
Well, guess what, boys? I think that "Getting Gay With Kids" is just what you need. I'm gonna sign up all four of you.
Oh, I've been better. I've been kicked out of town for doing drugs.
Not this time, Eric! You've got to learn to respect your little friends! You're gonna have detention for two weeks!
At long last I have foundA true reason to beNow I feel I can start anew--  Woo, whoa! Ow! Hey!  Uh oh hel-m. Hey!
What do you have to say for yourself?!  Well, I tell you what, young man. Uh, you're gonna be held back a grade if you don't luh-  Did you just flip me off?
Please, nurse, for a woman with a dead fetus on your head, you're not being very open-minded.  Open your mind to your counselor. Open your mind.
Stan, as your counselor, I'm here to help you with whatever problems you might have, m'kay? Now, what is the matter? 
So, you boys understand you have to do that regularly, oh-mkay? 
M'kay, kids, so, now, who can tell me what year the first moon landing took place?  Uh, how about you, Clyde?
M'kay, kids, as your counselor, I know it can sometimes be difficult to talk about subjects like drugs and sex and alcohol, m'kay? So, as you remember, last week I told you to write down any difficult questions you had and put them in this box anonymously so we could discuss in class, m'kay? I got a lot o' responses, so let's read some aloud.  "Mr. Mackey is gay."  Okay kids, that is not funny! M'kay?! This box is supposed to be used for serious questions! About, about serious issues! M'kay, let's let's stop the tomfoolery!  M'kay, this looks like a real one here.  "Dear Mr. Mackey, you are gay."  All right, all right. That's enough, kids. Let's quiet down and try to be mature, 'kay?  Uh here we go. Okay, "Mr. Mackey, sometimes my parents hit me, and you are gay."  dammit, is there not one serious question in here?!  "Mr. Mackey is gay, Mr. Mackey is gay"  Okay, here.  I am a boy at South Park Elementary. Sometimes, when I'm sitting in class, my penis becomes hard for no reason. What should I do?  All right kids, all right kids, that's enough!  If you all can't be serious about the question box,  then we'll just do drug identification exercises, unkay?!
But-but it was an honest error of judgment, m'kay? I-I really thought it was important for the kids to know the smell of marijawana--
Oh you do? Ya you got you got those? Okay, okay, that's good! Good you're doin' something about it, m'kay.  Uh hey kids. Kids over here...
Yes, and the reason he killed himself, Eric, was that the ridicule and the torment from other students,  spearheaded by you, cause him-!
Oh, Mrs. Cartman, I've been uh very bad. M'kay? 
Okay.  Now, uh, as your counselor, I'm here to tell you about drugs and alcohol and why they're bad, m'kay? Uh, so, first of all, uh, smokin's bad.  You shouldn't smoke. And-uh, alcohol is bad.  You shouldn't drink alcohol. And-uh, as for drugs, well, drugs are bad. You shouldn't do drugs. Okay, that about wraps up my introduction, now uh, are there any questions?  Yes, Stan?
Just time to prepare, nurse. Just time.  Mkay?
-okay uh I'm Counselor Mackey. Have you been smokin' marijawana? Marijawana's bad, mkay?
Don't "Hello" us, Pat! This system that you're responsible for now isn't working out! So  what the hell are you gonna do about it?!
No, see, it's a $10,000 upgrade, but it should clean up all of Pat's mistakes.
Yeah yeah, we we get it, Mr. Nelson.
Uh, we think it's best you not teach until you get your personal life in order, m'kay? 
No. Eric, what we're gonna do is learn to hide our emotions with math problems.  M'kay, so let's start with some multiplication tables over here, m'kay. First we'll do uh, four time four, m'kay?
No, no, no, m'kay? I-it wasn't like that.
Wull have you, thought about maybe writin' your feelin's down? In a poem? Uh- write a poem and give that to, g-give that to Token?
Eric, that is not appropriate behavior, m'kay? You cannot purposely infect other kids with your disease!
Now Eric, whatever it is you and Token are going through, you need to talk through it, m'kay? The problems you two are havin' have become a distraction for everybody else. Agreed?
Getting rid of Tooth Decay is what I'm tryin' to fuckin' do!  He's your brother, Kyle Broflovski! Okay! How are you going to fix this?!
Now here we can see the interior female anatomy. Things like the uterus and the ovaries are on the inside
And what you need to understand is that this is not appropriate behavior, young man! M'kay?
Well there is an intensive seminar camp. It's a bit severe, but it might be the only way. M'kay?
It's over, Stanley. What else can we do?
Well all right Eric. Well good luck on Dateline tonight.
Well Eric, you need to do somethin' because you keep losing sleep. M'kay and sleep is very important to your success at school. M'kay?
Attention students. Apparently, Clyde could not have been the one who crapped in the urinal, because Clyde had a colostomy at age 5. 'Kay? Now, whoever did this unspeakable act is still at large. The boys' bathroom is closed until further notice, 'cause one of you thought it would be a good idea... to pull down your pants... m'kay, hover your buttcheeks over the urinal... and squeeze out a chocolate hot dog... m'kay?  Oh you think that's funny, huh?!  Let me assure you, there is nothing funny... about going up to a nice, clean, unsuspectin' urinal,  'kay, droppin' your pants then... turnin' around... squattin' over that urinal, 'kay, maybe... maybe pullin' your buttcheeks apart with your hands, m'kay, and then layin' out a big fudge dragon for all the world to see.  Oh yeah, that's real funny!  I'm gonna catch this sonofabitch if it's the last thing I DO! M'kay?! 
All the girls go out in the hall please? I need to speak with the boys of this class, m'kay?  Boys, we have a very serious problem! I've just come from the men's restroom, and somebody went number 2 in the urinal! 
Uh, you see, Chef, Ms. Choksondik has very large, uh, honkers, and she doesn't seem to like wearing a bra.
When you dook in the urinal, it's bad, m'kay!  How would you feel... if somebody came into your home, m'kay, pulled down their pants and laid a big mud monkey right on your mom's face?  Oh you think that's funny, huh?! Yeah, that's real funny!
M'kay, that's good!  Let's see what your mom and dad have to say about your little poopscapade!  Come on in, please. I'm just trying to get your son to explain why... he would drop a dook in the urinal!
There comes a time in every father's life when he must ask himself, "How far will I go to save my son's life?"
God is in the midst of her, m'kay. She shall not be moved, m'kay.  Though the waters thereof roar and be troubled, m'kay, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof, m'kay. There is a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place- 
Oh I'm not the only one. There's lost of people doin' it.  Hey Butters. Stand ground.
Yeah. You know, I can't believe in Jesus anymore, 'cause he's a damned fraud, so what I'm gonna believe in is just bein' me, and bein' independent like you. So what I did is I got this brown bracelet to remind me of standing my ground, uhkay? And just believin' in the cause of bein' me.
Well I think you're being very mature about this, Eric. It was an overly generous move to give all the faculty those cupcakes. I wanna thank you. Mkay.
Nn-um. m'kay, uh, I've already taken care of it; Eric Cartman here is gonna be punished with two weeks of detention.
M'kay. Kids, we need to talk about your failing grades.
I knew it would be funny someday!  AIDS!
Uh, no Wendy, apparently, you called Butters' girlfriend a hobbit.
Spearheaded by you, m'kay, made him feel there was no other way out.
Where is Tooth Decay? Tooth Decay that's your cue! 
Just a minute to go in the first quarter. 
Think hard, Elvis. You're not really the king of rock and roll. You're a fat, stupid, worthless policeman in a small town. Mkay?
Yes! Now will you all pay attention, please?! The vagina and the clitoris are on the outside, and they are in fact very easily visible to the naked eye.
Token, I've been talkin' with Eric and he's really upset that you two aren't gettin' along. You have some things you wanna say, Eric?
Eric Cartman's commenter window to the principal's office, please? Eric Cartman's commenter window to the principal's office!
The audience is supposed to feel scared of tooth decay, Kyle! Hukay?! If Tooth Decay has no believability, then Tooth Past and Dental Floss have nothing to play against!
Uhit's okay, Eric. We understand your illness, m'kay?
Well, now, uh, what's he supposed to think, Mr. Garrison? I mean, uh, look at all the media, all the magazine ads and television ads talkin' about "sexual molestation", m'kay? He sees all that and assumes you didn't molest him because of some flaw in his looks or personality.
Attention students, m'kay? There will be a presentation by the special education department in the gymnasium Friday during lunch and recess, m'kay? Attendance to this assembly is mandatory. All students and faculty are required to go. Uh which, which I guess means I gotta suck it too, huh? Uh huh, m'kay.
Anyone for some meteor mai tai punch? It packs quite a wallop.
Uh, Your Honor, this young man commented on the shape of my ass.
Well that settles it, Mr. Garrison. What you need to do is go write a great romance novel.
Schoolchildren are often experimenting with dangerous ways to get high, hm'kay, like sniffin' glue, guzzlin' cough medicine, huffin' paint, hm'kay? But they're all bad. M'kay?
Attention students: today we will have an... assembly... on the subject of... bullying. M'kay?  The assembly is mandatory. M'kay? You'd better show up. 'Kay?
What the? They're all dead? Well, that means...
Excuse me!! Could we get back to the issue, please?! You all don't seem to understand how serious this is!! Now who made dookie in the urinal?!  Oh, you think it's funny, huh?! M'kay! M'kay! You're gonna think it's real funny when the police get here!
I don't know what the Goddamned problem is. Maybe you all don't know serious tooth decay is, maybe you all just don't give a fuck. You all probably think you can live your lives cavity-free, m'kay, never givin' two shits about the plaque that's building on your teeth. Kyle, you have single-handedly destroyed all that which I worked on for the past six years. And so I want you to know, Kyle, once and for all, why this whole "dental hygiene" thing is so important to me.  Two years ago, I lost my father to tooth decay. M'kay? He was an intelligent, hard-workin' man, and my whole family watched as tooth decay took him in the blink of an eye! You've been told to brush and to floss, but do you really know the importance behind it?!  DO YOU?!
M'kay kids, let's take our seats, m'kay?  I know this has been a difficult couple o'weeks for you all with the untimely death of your teacher, but it's time for us to try to move on and learn, m'kay?
M'kay, students, we have a very special guest speaker today. Who can tell me the name of our country's last vice-president?
We will always remember the way that Gordon bravely read the announcements every morning, led us in the Pledge of Allegiance, m'kay, and touched many kids' lives here at the school. And even now that we know the shooter had him confused with a forty-year-old truck driver who happened to have a similar name, I know this has been ...pretty traumatizing, m'kay. But now we must decide who will pick up up where little Gordon left off. Who will take his place reading the morning announcements? It's a big responsibility, because it will be your voice the entire school listens to, m'kay? And although Gordon Stoltski can never be replaced, m'kay, there must be a student out there who has the drive and the passion to... have his or her voice heard every morning.
Here it is. I just had the hot tub put in last week.
Well, we just need to make some posters, nkay? Hand out brochures, onkay? That way, the public can know what the chldren look like and can call in if thry're spotted, m'kay?
Now, uh, Kyle, as your school counselor, uh I want to try and help you confront your problems, 'kay?
M'kay-Mr. Garrison, you're just having a hard time dealing with the memories of your father's sexual abuse, so you switch personalities to Mr. Hat, m'kay?
Well-uh, a fecophiliac is somebody who's obsessed with mookie-stinks, Kyle.
Hmmm, I haven't heard of that, but it- it definitely sounds bad, m'kay?
We're not bad. I mean, maybe what we needed was just to think outside the box here. I mean, if there's anything we've learned is that the only thing that makes a juicy story go away is a juicier story.
It... says here that the uh, head of the penis is actually the... most sensitive... part, m'kay.
The machine is aaaah? Uh that's probably bad.
So does, does this mean the storm is past. Global warming's over?
Sorry I'm late. I had to stop and get my own breakfast because I figured y'all would be having doughnuts, but I'm actually gluten-free, so I can't have doughnuts, m'kay?
Yuh-NO!  You may have won this time, Mr. Hat.
Uh this is Cher. This is her new album.
But hybrid cars are the leading cause of smug, m'kay?
Okay.  Now, as I was sayin, uh... drugs are bad. You shouldn't do drugs. Eh, uh if you do them, you're bad. Because drugs are bad, m'kay? It's a bad thing to do drugs. So-uh so don't be bad, by doing drugs, unkay? That'd be bad, 'cause drugs are bad. M'kay?
And here we see the tender, magical uterus. Here we see the enticing, voluptuous Fallopian tubes, m'kay.
M'kay kids, I know the past few weeks have been really hard with the death of your teacher, Ms. Choksondik. 
M'kay, kids, can I have it quiet, please? M'kay? M'kay, quiet now, the assembly's about to start, m'kay. M'kay, quiet ple-mk-m'kay?  M'kay. Uh, now kids, we have a really fun motivational group today who are gonna talk to you about the dangers of smoking, m'kay? So please give a very big South Park Cows welcome to, "Butt Out!" 
Attention South Park Students: will the following students report to the Principal's office immediately? Eric Cartman? Thank you.
Oh, that's great, Mr. Garrison. You've finally come to terms with yourself!
Look, I want to return this orange bracelet, m'kay?!  It's worthless now!
Eh, the trip shouldn't take any longer, but I'll hand out these updated contact sheets so that your parents will know where you are, m'kay? 
Officer Barbrady, uh, this man is using some kind of mind control.
So this must be a pretty hard time of year for you, being Christmas and all.  Do the other kids make fun of ya?
Eric, somethin' is clearly wrong, m'kay, and it would be best to jus' get it out in the open.
Oh don't put this all on Tooth Decay!  Let me tell you something, Dental Floss! You're not as good as you fuckin' think you are! You're already acting like you're a star and we haven't even opened yet! OPEN YOUR FUCKIN' EYES, DENTAL FLOSS! YOU'RE ABOUT TO BLOW YOUR SHOT!
No war, m'kay?! No war, m'kay?! Oh uh, here you go, boys.  These will help you protest. It's good to see that you care about peace, boys, m'kay? No war, m'kay?!
Jimmy, I'm not asking you, I'm telling you!
Okay, let's see, lights.  Mood.  Start counseling timer.  Okay there we go. Okay, we got it.  Okay now, Kyle, you had some concerns about your little brother?
It should be easy enough to find out. They have tests for that kind of thing now, m'kay?
Have you boys noticed anything recently that troubled Eric?
We have tried at this school to make Eric understand that there are boundaries, mkay?! But frankly, we believe his behavioral problems start at home!
Well, Timmy, as your counselor, I want you to know that you can tell me anything, m'kay? And whatever's troublin' you, I wanna try and, and help you with it.
Uh young man, if you don't wanna be held back a grade, I suggest you start cooperating, m'kay?!
I know, I know, but I'm afraid this problem has run very deep through Mr. Garrison's mental state. I'm worried that if... you don't do something, well it could kill him.
Oh-kay, have you set up a counseling appointment on IntelliLink?
We're alone, now what the hell are we gonna do?
Yes you did! And until you stop flipping people off, you can just go back to the waiting room, m'kay?! Next!  Well, well, well, if it isn't Stan, Kyle, Kenny, and Eric. 
I don't know what to believe in anymore, okay?! 
Eric? Come on in, your friends want to say "Hi", m'kay? 
Yeah I've already gone over most of the basics, you know, uh with the boys, but I uh... eh just wanted to see what else you were teaching the girls, in case I... "missed" anything.
Oh, I don't really give a shit. I've done enough shit outside today and shit.
Uh, oh, but I don't think this is a ruh-
I think maybe Timmy is suffering from something called, "Attention Deficit Disorder," or ADD. It's very common in kids his age.
The Founding Fathers would have protested like us!
Huh, how am I going to make ends meet...m-m'kay? Wha-what will I do for money??
Eric, your friends and your family are all... concerned about your weight. M'kay?
It's possible, hm'kay?  But you know, if you have completely lost your sense of humor, you can always become a writer for the show, "Friends" . Ohokahay, huhuh.
Gluten causes sluggishness, irritability, and nearly all behavioral problems,
Huh... e-excuse me a minute, Stan. m'kay?  Uh, hi, Ms. Bronski? Did we vaccinate Stan for the flu last year? We did? Uh oh... I think he's got Asperger's.
Kyle, please try your best. It seems pretty important.  This.. boy... uhkay... is Jew. Uhkay? Jew... like you. Uhkay? Please... uh, please try... speak... to Jew.
M'kay, eh, and your father? He molested you when you were a boy?  Mr. Garrison, I think, when we get to Arkansas, you need to see your father. You need to face this demon in your closet, m'kay?
Uh, Principal Victoria, Nurse Gollum has conjoined twin myslexia.
Aw, you're just like the government, man! Trying to prosecute outta one side of your mouth, m'kay, while supporting guns outta the other, m'kay?
Okay, I-I'm just gonna go over here for a while. 
To try and stay positive stay away from drug and alcohol, and in the meantime I'm gonna put you on a heavy regimen of Prozac  Uuuuuuugghh-oh my God, you sick little monkey! 
Do you think he blames you for somethin'?
M'kay, really nice, Mike, uh, maybe next time you can get past the first word. Oh, Casey Miller, good, you're trying out too?
I will, Ms. Social Worker. I will.  M'kay?
Abuh. Please, nurse, you're throwin' off my chi! Mkay?
Th-the school could put out pamphlets, m'kay? And we could have seminars to educate, m'kay?
And that's exactly why you need to go!
Buenos dias, Señor Presidente, ¿mbien? (Hello, El Presidente)
M'kay, so we've been asked to show you a video from the World Canadian Bureau. Uh start the tape please? 
Uh, it might be best if you just ...let it go, m'kay?
Uh, there's only one way to get any sense out of him. We're gonna have to try a mind meld, mkay?
Right! Oral sex, which of course would be...
Well, I've said all I can say.  I know it's difficult, but... family... is about compromises. m'kay?  Don't lose your son over this, Mr. Garrison.  Don't lose... your son, m'kay? 
Stan's vote bring the total votes for Turd Sandwich to... thirty six! And Giant Douche has... one thousand, four hundred, and ten. Giant Douche still wins!
Well ih it's good to be a little defensive around you, Miles, m'kay. Let's, let's not forget that your wife died of an "accident" while you were "drinking" on a "hike," "N'kay!"
Well, sure I have! It's just... I was about 19 at the time, so it's been about 21 years... m'kay. Let's see, uh...  I'm pretty sure I took th-yeah I took the penis, and I bu- uh, what the hell did I do with that damned thing??
We know, and that's why he's going to need you boys to be strong for him, m'kay? He needs you now more than ever.
Alright now, get back to class! Adler, get rid of those laxative bottles! Trash all the Arby's horsey sauce packages too! There cannot be one piece of evidence of what we did here!  What the?  Oh shit!  Stop that rat!
Oh right! "The School Faculty Tries To Poison All Their Students." That's not gonna be on Wikileaks!
…and so uh, that's why alcohol is bad. Uh, ha-has that marijawana made it back up here yet?  No? O-okay. Let's talk about LSD.  Uh, children, LSD i-is bad. It's a drug made famous by John Lennon and Paul McCartney…
Okay. Now, children, has that marijawana made it around yet?  Uhh, who-who has the marijawana now?  Ummm okay, whoe-whoever has the marijawana, just pass it up to the front row, m'kay?  Uh-oh.
Alright Eric, well, well get back to class. We don't want anyone seeing you in here with us.
Now boys, you need to listen up, m'kay? Wha-what I'm talkin' about might save your life someday, m'kay?
No, not cool! M'kay, she's on suicide watch, Eric! She's given up on life!
Okay Token, what are your feelings about that?
Well Eric, I suppose that, just like everything else, laughter can be relative - in, in other words, sometimes people see somethin' so scary that nothin' else scares them, so, the same could be true for funny things.
Well-obviously something is bothering him.  Oh, of course!  My video camera! Boys, if you could videotape Eric's behavior, then I can study him psychologically and find out what's wrong, mkay?
Well yeah, maybe that's it. Wha... wha what you need to do, uh Damien, is - is to be overly nice. Nde no no matter how mean the other kids are to you, just don't retaliate. Yeeu be passive, mkay? That's what I taught the little British boy, Pip, and, and just look at how much the other children like him now.
Have a seat, Eric. Now boys, I for one am sick and tired of this little feud you're having, okay? This has clearly gone too far, and you owe each other an apology or you're gettin' detention!
Oo-kay, aaand, what is your brother's Intelligrated smart name?
No!  Go away!  Stan, you need to do something about your friend, mkay.  Get him out of here before he hurts anybody!  Mkay?
Butters, your dad threw you down a well?
I don't know. It doesn't feel wrong.  I've been thinking about you a lot, Ms. Choksondik.
Well that's easy. Write about what you know. Write about what you love. What do you love most?
Uh-I wanna talk to you about your son—I'm his n-therapist, m'kay.
Now, Wendy, Kim might be uh, full-figured, but a woman's outward appearance isn't all that matters, nkay?! Have you stopped to consider that maybe, just maybe, you're jel?
Yuh, you do? Okay, well I'm not actually on the phone with a... jelly school, Wendy, okay?
M'kay-I think the best thing for Mr. Garrison to do is to go see his father.
You all get two weeks of detention, except Eric, who gets one week for being brave.
Well, are you sure you have to leave so early?
Kyle Broflovski! Do you mind telling me where your brother is?!
And now, Randy Marsh is gonna sing a protest song he wrote about the war.
Uh, my name is Mr. Mackey. I'm your school counselor, m'kay.
-m'kay. The God of Jacob is our refuge, m'kay. 
Oh, hi Timmy. Come on in.  I understand you have somethin' important you wanna talk to me about, m'kay?
Oh, this is too much to take.  Mom, Dad, could you please leave me alone?
M'kay, Stan, you, you've gotta try and pull yourself out of this, m'kay? I know that... your parents recently got divorced. M'kay, that's gotta be hard. I know that's... that's bad. But when you walk around all mopey, m'kay, and sayin' everything is... just shitty, well, that's called bein' a Debbie Downer, Stan. And nobody likes a Debbie Downer, m'kay. ...I mean you've gotta, you've gotta snap out of it, Debbie. Come on, Debbie, you're even bummin' me out now, m'kay? Your attitude just- just sucks.
And some jokester took a poop in it! Okay? Now I want whoever did it to come forward right now, and it will be less painful for everybody! M'kay?!
Uh, Eric Cartman? We got an emergency message from your mother?  "Do not show picture. Kyle didn't have it after all. Found it under your desk." She said you'd know what that means, m'kay? 
Well, your brother is Canadian. Perhaps Canadian puberty is a little different. Why don't you educate yourself about Canadian puberty and it could be somethin' yeeyou and your brother can actually do together. M'kay?  You know, this is the first time I've been able to do counseling aaand go to the bathroom at the same time. IntelliLink is amazing.
Come on! Loosen up! Meteor showers only come once in a great while. 
Okay, can somebody get me some paper towels?? Or maybe a  Ooowww, okay!  Ooohhh, it's bad!
Who tries to control the marriage? And by that I mean, who's dominating the aspects of the relationship?
I don't want to go to rehab! I haven't even done drugs in weeks!
Oh you're trying! You call rolling your fat ass out on the stage and lazily blurting out your lines like a turtle takin' a shit, you call that tryin'?! This play is supposed to change  how people think, Kyle! Get it fucking right!  Pick it up from there!
Yes way! M'kay, and that settles it! Now, let's all go- 
Nuh-now, who was that?  That is not appropriate behavior, m'kay?
Oh, come on in. Join the party, mkay?  Would you like a meteor mai tai?
Oh oh okay? Let's try to calm down, nkay? This type of thing happens all the time.
Boys, what are you doing back here?  I asked you a question: What are you doing back here, 'k?!
Uh... That's okay, just don't let it happen again.
You didn't do anything wrong boys. We just need to talk to you. Have a seat.  Boys, uh... your little friend Kenny went to the hospital last night, m'kay.  And well, he's pretty sick. 
Well why the hell didn't you say so! Come on, let's go!
Uh, perhaps you should sit down, Mr. Garrison, m'kay?  Mr. Garrison, I know this is very difficult, m'kay, but I must ask: is there a history of sexual abuse in your family?
M'kay, I want everyone to stay together, m'kay? Nobody move!
Oooh okay... Eric is obviously suffering from some kind of emotional distress, mkay?
Well that's your side of it, Token, but you know Eric has his side as well. Have you thought about maybe writin' him a poem? M'kay? Write E- write Eric a poem, tell him how you feel.  You know, m'kay? Well I'm tellin' you, Token, you let it go, and he'll let it go, and it'll all be fine. Can ya?
I don't need to take you right-wing authoritative bullshit!
Eric, apparently you wrote that Wendy's private parts are big enough to fly an airplane through, m'kay?
Stan? Stan, okay, ABC called and Dr. Oz is suing you and our entire school! What are you gonna do?!
Okay, I'll click on family issues. What time did you want counseling?
Yeah, I j-I just uh I'll be right back. Oh!  Aaaah! Oh it's bad!  Excuse me kids, I need to run, I gotta WUUGH!  OW!
Be sure to help yourselves to the crab soufflé, and uh, eh, Juanita?  Juanita?  We need some more finger sandwiches? 
Oho... Oh God... Go on home, kids. M'kay? It's over!
I/m sorry about this, Ms. Gomez.  Alright, get her the fuck out of here. 
Fishsticks? Yeah, I l- I like fishsticks, m'kay?
M, m'kay. Ya-you realize evolution has been pretty much uhhh... proven.
Okay, and so uh,  so who can tell me the answer to the first problem, six times eight? Uh, Bebe?
Hold it, hold it, stop!  What. The fuck. Was that?
DON'T YOU TOUCH THAT! THAT'S NOT SOMETHING TO THROW AWAY! IF YOU THROW THAT AWAY I WILL RAPE YOU IN THE MOUTH! M'KAY?! I WILL RAPE YOU IN YOUR FUCKIN' MOUTH! M'KAY?!
You got a whole school here, Clyde! M'kay? You got over three hundred people that need to use the boys' room.  Then you decide you're gonna be a comedian, m'kay, and pinch one off in the urinal, and leave it layin' there for everyone to have to look at!  Okay okay, you think it's funny, but nobody else does! They gotta walk in that bathroom and see your rancid dook propped up against the back of the urinal like a brown rag doll! 
Now Eric, being the school hallway monitor is a big responsibility. M'kay? It is important that you take the job seriously, and that you don't abuse the power.
Now, Eric, all these people came here and paid to send you to camp because they care about you.
