And Terrance and Phillip are more important than Mother Earth?
Oh, I get 20% off, I'm a native. Here's my Mahalo Rewards card.  Mahalo.  Come on, you frickin' tourist! Jesus, buy a post card!  These are the ancient ruins of our ancestors.  They say the spirit of the king is still in there.
Work! Work, children! We only have two more days until Earth Day! Work!
That's not true.  Global warming is going to kill us all.  The Republicans are responsible.
Oh, there you are, boys. I need Terrance and Phillip's information so I can tell them their schedule.
Uh that there is Bubba's Burgers.  In Havai'i us natives say "Bubba's Bruk".  Here's the Sheraton, just another megahotel for the throngs of tourists. Here's where many of us natives live. The Sheraton Residences.  It's all right, we're natives.  Protector and Chief, I present to you the keiki, Butters Stotch.
You don't care about Terrance and Phillip.  Nothing matters more than saving the planet from Republicans.  You don't need to see Terrance and Phillip.
Oh. Very good. Mr. Phillip, I am Jack Farliss, head of the Earth Day Committee. Thank you for being part of this important event.
Then you'd better get your asses to Canada and GET him. We'll make travel arrangements.  Nothing is more important than the environment, boys. Not even your lives. 
Yes. My wife Patty and I have been coming to Kaua'i for almost five years, and Bill and Donna actually own a time share in Poipu.
Work faster! Faster, children! Earth Day is coming!  Well, boys, it's rehearsal time, and your Terrance and Phillip haven't shown up.
Good, because it's up to all of you to get lots of people to come.and make it look great. The festival is on Friday, so we'll start getting it ready tomorrow night. 
You promised us Terrance and Phillip! We therefore promised the WORLD Terrance and Phillip! You WILL get us Terrance and Phillip, or else!
Hello children, I know you're all very excited about having the Earth Day Brainwashing Festival put on in your town.
Oh yea, let us eat.  Aloha, five order of saimin, please.
But I warn you: You'd better not promise things to Earth Day people that you can't deliver. Earth Day people can be... eheheh very unforgiving.
Very well, kids; we'll work on getting the event ready here, and you go get Terrance and Phillip.
