Welcome, everyone, to the 2004 Special Olympics!  We will be holding various throughout the day, and at the end of it all we will have some very special celebrity athletes here to present the trophy for top athlete, along with the cash prize of one thousand dollars.
Congratulations, Jimmy. But we all know that the Special Olympics isn't just about winning. And so, we will now give out the Spirit Award, to the handicapped person who came in very last. Eric Cartman!
These are café curtains that require no sewing, and I know you all love that! 
Tune in again next week, when we make a woman from Milwaukee think she's working at a haunted abortion clinic.
We are joined this morning by the Disney supergroup the Jonas Brothers. Hello boys. 
That's great stuff, boys. You like takin' the Jonas Brothers' hot foam in your faces, girls?
Live, it's the South Park Town Hall Meeting on Public Access. Tonight's topic: Prop. 10. 
Howard, did you suspect at all that a gardener job at a camp for troubled teens was a setup?
Give it up for the sexiest bitch on earth, it's Foofa!
Well can you give our audience a peek?  What do you say girls? Do you want the Jonas Brothers to douse you with their white foam? 
Now, guys, a lot has been made about your "purity rings". Can you tell us about those?
So without further ado we will begin this amazing film. It's a work of blood, sweat, and tears.
Ladies and Gentlemen, our day of competition has come to an end, and we have an ultimate grand special champion for 2004! Here to present the award are baseball legends Mark McGuire, Jason Giambi, and Barry Bonds. 
Harbringers of sorrow, natural disasters can be the cause of troubling and undesirable stress, and the volcano is no exception. But what should you do if a volcano erupts near you or your family? Here we see the Stevens family enjoying a May picnic, but suddenly daughter hears a noise. It's a volcano. Junior seems worried. But have no fear Junior, Jane learned in school what to do when you hear a volcano erupt.  That's right Jane, duck and cover.  So what will you-do when you hear a volcano erupting?  That's right, duck and cover.  Looks like you got the idea.Thank you and goodbye.
That's wonderful, boys.  It's good that little girls can see a concert and not have it be about sex. We understand that at the concert tonight you'll be dousing girls in the audience with white foam. Is that correct?
And you didn't suspect anything when we had plants tell you to turn Goths and Vamp kids into Emos when really they're exactly the same thing?
Here in the more arid regions of Africa, the gold-coat lions are in the throes of mating season.  The male lion positions himself behind the female and prepares to insert his lionhood. Notice his large swollen balls.  The female lion relaxes her body and says "hello" to Mr. Winky.  The male lion is enticed by the female's supple breasts and firm backside.  Quickly and suddenly, the male is finished. Now he wants to be alone, so he kindly asks the female to leave. He promises he'll call her tomorrow. But the female doesn't leave. Nope, she's moving right in. Looks like the male lion... is screwed. 
All right, y'all, here comes our next big act!
So let's have all our athletes report to their first assigned events and... Let the Games begin! 
Ladies and Gentlemen, it my my honor to give the Person of the Year award to this year's winner, Pope Francis. 
Your wife Sarah put you up to this.
Well, Tom and Mary, you've made it to the final round. Are you ready to play for the grand prize?
For winning the Spirit Award, Eric will receive this gift certificate to Shakey's for fifty dollars! Come on up, Eric!
