Actually it belongs to General Disarray's grandma, um but she lets us use it.  This is where we come up with all our evil plans. Here's our computer relays.  And this is like a, a cube of chaos that can destroy the world in one second!  And here's some of our evil minions!  We have everything we need here. Can I offer you a Coke or a Sprite or something?
Aaah, a m m Mysterion, I b-, I beg you, I mean ah, judahadahada...
Very well. I will show you what we know about Mysterion's identity, but if this is some kind of setup-
Oh yeah, I think it's around here somewhere. Uh, using our photos we are tryin' to pinpoint Mysterion's identity.
Well, wait! I thought we were workin' together.  Waaa.  Oh jeez, I think I broke a tooth. 
Hey Coon w-we aren't actually gonna blo- blow up anything, are we?
But you both fight for justice and good.
Hey fellas?  Fellas, could you let me out please? It uh it's been like six days. 
But uh, but, but the Coon said if I took the pictures he, he'd let me go home and, and I've missed four days of school now 'cause I've been-
Aww jeez General Disarray, this is a lot more than I ever really intended.  I mean, well I hate the world and all its beauty and happiness and all but, but blowin' up a hospital? It just seems mean.  Whoa. Oh hamburgers!
Okay sorry sorry! I'm sorry! I give up! Please, I give up!
Oh I'm sure you do. But you see I  whoop.  But you see I also know you like to beat me up.
But you really wanna blow up a hospital? I mean, a-aren't you a good guy?
Me?? Awww, come on, fellas, don't make me be Courtney Love.
Oh boy, General Disarray, muh maybe we just oughtta stay outta this one.
Mark my words, South Park! Your precious hero is now, uh, your undoing! If Mysterion does not unmask himself publicly by Wednesday night, I am going to blow up... a hospital. Blow up a hospital?  I'm not gonna blow up any hospital. Are you nuts? What?  Uh, the choice is yours, Mysterion! Unmask yourself or hundreds will die! Hahaha.  Jesus Christ.
Whowell I b- Well I b- ah I just would jes one nigh-, and then the Coon saw it up and I wa able to, and was able to 
Yeah, but uh, but uh youuu, but you only gave me this bucket to poop in and it's full now.  And I ain't got nothin' to eat.
Do you think I'm a fool?! All those times you stopped me from my acts of evil! All those times you tricked me into meeting you, and then ga- and then gave me titty-twisters! Not this time, Coon! I finally learned my lesson! Now, General Disarray!  Yeah-ha! 
Huhey, can I see the double rainbow, fellas?  Uh, fellas?
Oh I'm close. And I'll put an end to him, and all of you goody-two-shoe heroes!
Uhget the Coon a Sprite, General Disarray.  As you can see we too have been working hard on Mysterion's identity.
No, he's too fat. Based on his body type it's gotta be someone like Stan or Kyle. 
