I'm not a douche! What if I really believe that dead people talk to me?
Look, what I do doesn't hurt anybody. I give people closure and help them cope with life.
Thank you, thank you. Alright let's get started.  'S coming from over here. 'S the name Mike mean anything to anybody?  I'm getting um, I'm getting M-mike? Definitely an M, d'um, maybe Matt? Mike? Matt? Mi-mmm, Mi-Mike, m-Mary?
Oh now she's sending me a P word. Maybe it's a puh-? Or a huh-?
So, you think you can talk to dead people better than me, huh?!
Oh.  The John Edward show is not liable for opinions and materials given for entertainment purposes only. 
Thank you.  Alright, asshole! I know you're here to try to throw me off, so go ahead. Give my your best shot!
No, wait! I'm not a douche! I make people feel good about themselves!  I give people resolution! 
She says there was something she asked you to do, and you're not doing it? She wants you to look for four white doves.
Everything I tell people is positive and gives them hope! How does that make me a douche?!
I'm not talking to your friend and I'm not a douche!  You'd better get out of my house, 'cause I'm gonna call the police! 
But I do have a special power! I know I do!
Oh right. And uh, did an older woman pass, she's asking for Kyle? Maybe a grandma?
Must be from somewhere else in the audience, then. Uh, d'uh, money? Is someone el-
Okay, and she's telling me there's something about... the money. That the, the money is safe? Is that making sense? 
And, and this wasn't, this wasn't a good death. It was like a, it was a sad death. It was like a, it was like a death that made people sad. Does that make sense?
Uh d'eh'hm quiet, quiet down boys. It doesn't work that way. Uh, okay, I I'm getting ...someone now whose name is g-, a t-. It's an l-, it's a m-, it's k-.
Oh, it's comin' from over here.  I'm getting all kinds of voices today.  Woo! 
Okay now Harry. He's telling me... oh well, he's saying that you two used to... do things.
They told me your show is getting better ratings than mine, that you're saying I'm a fraud on your show! You'd better not ever call me a liar, or a fake, or a douche again, or else I'll sue you for slander!
Doesn't work that way.  Now, Kenny is telling me that... you're his best friends, and he's in a ss-safe place.
I think I've had of your bullying me! Get out of my house or I'll runs upstairs, lock myself in my panic room and call the police!
