Not that fake soft-spoken douchebag that everyone loves! 

I had a handicap way before you got paid to have one!

Slow down. I need Timmy to pick up the passenger before we do.

I've got an amazing idea. Why don't you let other people drive Handicars too? Think of all the money you could raise for camp if you expand your business.

Get ready, Mimsy. Blue Team is about to go boom.

Weeell uh, maybe I can help you out. You know, there are shortcuts.

I won't do it, Mimsy. I won't spend another summer at that stupid camp.

Miiimmmssssyyyy!  Uh, my name is Nathan. I'm disabled.  AAAAA!

Yeah, sure, but these are new. They don't show up in our urine tests.

Handicar. 

Yeeeah!

How can people be so ineffectual, Mimsy?

Just someone who doesn't like to see hard workers like yourselves lose their jobs. That's all.

Now listen, everybody. If you're a sheepherder, and there's a snake taking away your sheep, what do you do to the snake?

Good luck, Jimmy.

So uh, I see you train pretty hard.

Not just any snake, Mimsy. It's a black mamba.

Shut up! 

Hey Mimsy.

Mimsy! Hel- help, Mimsy!  And I thought a shark was bad. 

Let me give you guys a hot news flash: If you want to hurt a crippled kid, you don't break his FUCKING LEGS!

Whattaya say, Timmy? A friendly race this Saturday? We'll see you at 9am sharp. 

Because, stupid, now that we have Blue Team's map we can get their scavenger prize too.

That's great. I can't wait for camp this year.  We are doing some fundraising too. Have you heard of my friend Elon Musk from Tesla?

Yes, Counselor Steve. I like a scavenger hunt.  Alright Mimsy, now you take this map to the Indian Reservation, and you switch it with Blue Team's map. You got that, Mims? You switch the map! Switch! The map!

Of course. It's very simple. If you're a sheepherder, and a snake is killing all your sheep, how do you get rid of the snake?

Come on, Mimsy, we gotta figure out how we're gonna make Handicar a thing of the past.

Uh oh!

Wait!  Wait, Mom? Can we talk?

Just ignore my friend. He's mentally disabled.

What's to understand? I'm telling you I don't want to that stupid camp anymore!

That's it! Handicar has the passenger! We're almost in range! Another hundred feet!  Wait a minute. What the hell are all those cars?  Holy shit! 

Yeah I like to sleep at nighttime.

Hey Timmy, it's your friend from camp, Nathan.

No! That's not what I fucking said!  Goddamnit, now I can't even see! Ow!

I'm sure you could find a lot of interested drivers.

Hey Timmy. How is the fundraising for camp going?

We hate camp, Mimsy. The singing, the competitions, Jimmy Valmer getting all the chicks.

That DOES it! I'm sick and tired of your stupidity, Mimsy! You are the biggest idiot I have ever met! And from now on, if I wanna do something, I'm gonna do it myself!  AAAAAAAA!

These are supposed to be men who care about their occupations.

Oh boy, that's great-wait, you what??

Yes, Counselor Steve. We like the tug-of-waaarr.

No, that map leads to the Indian reservation. We switch this with Blue Team's scavenger hunting map, and they'll end up right on the Tardicaca Indian Reservation.

I've got it, Mimsy. I got a way to win the race and get rid of Jimmy for good.

That's great. Summer camp, here we come.  Now kiss your business goodbye, asshole!

What we need to do, Mimsy, is use a little brainpower to make sure Blue Team can't compete.

Hey, how would you like to have a friendly little race? It would be great publicity for your fundraising and for ours.

Oh, whatever you say, Jimmy my friend.  Whatever you say. 

It's simple. If you're a sheepherder and a snake is killing your sheep, you just need to have the snake get sued for sexual misconduct. Now, you find me a female passenger on that app and leave the rest to me.

Timmy. Hello ma'am. Handicar at your service. Climb on in.  So, let me ask you a question. Would you like to see my dick?

Yes, Counselor Steve. The beach is warm. 

No, you moron. You go under the water and blow that whistle. You can attract sharks right as Jimmy starts to surf.

I told you to switch this with the map for the Blue Team!

He can't just lose the race, he has to get sued and lose the whole business. That's why when he picks up the passemger, I've got a little surprise waiting for him. 

Shut up... Mimsssyyy. 

I can't stand him, Mimsy. That Jimmy kid makes my fuckin... skin crawl.

Now take the Black Mamba,  Mimsy, and put it in the canoe. I'm gonna go get our team ready.

Shut up, Mimsyyyy!

Simple. We're gonna get Jimmy eaten by a shark.  Here, take this.  It's a shark-mating whistle.

Yes, counselor Steve. I like the fun canoe.

Just imagine it, Mimsy. A whole summer to ourselves to do what we want. It's going to be awesome.  Well well, hello gentlemen. I understand you've taken care of our little problem?

Shut up, Mimsyyyy! I'm not gonna spend my summer trapped at that camp with these punch-happy assholes. We gotta find a way to put Handicar out of business, and fast.

Mimsy, you didn't do wha' I told you.

Shh-shh. 

Listen, you can't possibly handle all this business you're getting. Admit it. You've got more customers than you can handle.

His name is Timmy Burch.  And if you don't do something quick, you're all gonna be out of work for good.

I finally got it, Mimsy. I got a way we can get rid of Jimmy once and for all.

You know. Steroids.

Shut up Mimsyyy!  If you're a sheepherder, and a snake is killing your sheep, all you have to do is prove to the sheep that the snake is a completely inferior entity. 

You just take one of these little blue babies  three times a day  and inject this directly into your bloodstream  twice a day before meals.

You fucking idiot! You don't blow a shark mating whistle on dry land! You were supposed to blow it-  eh uh uh...

I finally got it, Mimsy. I got a way we can kill Jimmy and beat the Blue Team.

Hey Jimmy.

Mimsssyyy! Get this thing off of meee!

Uuuh!  AAAH!  No, not the shark again! Not the shark again!

Listen to me: there is no way that Blue Team is gonna beat Red Team this year at camp. You got that?

No, you fucking moron! You kill... the snake! 

Uuuh, it isn't cheap. I've gotta keep vice off my back and secure shipments from overseas.

Shut up, Mimsssyyy! Just swim in the water where Jimmy is, then blow that whistle.

This is very difficult, Mom. But um... You know how every year I go to summer camp? Well, I hate it. I hate it and I don't want to go anymore.

Goodnight, you son of a bitch!  Mimsy! I told you to put the explosives under Timmy's seat!

It's very simple, Mimsy. I'm gonna take down Handicar by being an employee who sexually harasses the passengers.

Mimsy, get out there and demand the ukulele solo. It's our only chance.

Shut up, Mimsssyyy! Just do what I say, and we can make sure Jimmy Valmer gets what's comin' to him.

Simple. We're gonna get Jimmy killed by Native Americans.  Here, take this.  It's a fake scavenger hunt map

Not in our canoe, Mimsy!

Aaah! Holy shit, Mimsy! What the hell did you do?!

Oh! Aah! Mimsy!

Mimsssyyy! You idio', wha' are you doin'?

Dammit dammit!

