They won, Garrison. They can't be scared out of town.

Let's get him.

We don't take kindly to panda bears!

Put it out! Put it out!

Hey! Eight-year old! We don't take kindly to your types in here.

I'm a little for supportin' our troops.

Yeah. Free Hat.

Yeah!

No!  I wanna know som'in' from Mr. I'm Eight Years Old here! How come you types are always wearin' them funny padded shirts in the winter?!

They're gonna be sending their kids to our schools, and mixin' them with our pure, non-rich kids!

Hat was attacked maliciously and unprovoked by a gang of babies in West Town Park. When that many babies get together they can be like piranha.

Eeeek!

Who?

Well well well, looks like we got ourselves a nigger guy! 

Sure. Give that man a baby!

We got GPS, ICBMs, and good old-fashioned lead. We're gonna show Saddam what America means; that son of a bitch'll be dead.

They've got nice expensive beers for you across the street at the new Wolfgang Puck's.

We want to thank our guests, the pro-war people.  And the anti-war people. 

I believe freedom isn't free.

Yeah, but... if it weren't for all you guys protesting, why everyone around the world would hate the American people instead of just the President.

Hey I'm a little bit country

No?

Can't we also work towards freeing Hat?

It's working!

You know, boys emulate authority figures. Even if it doesn't turn them gay, they could end up all talk and all fem' and prancin' around like girls. 

Huh?

See? I told you they had your son.

No!  I wanna know som'in' from Mr. Panda Bear here! If you pandas are from mountainous areas of China and Tibet, how come you eat bamboo, which is prone to grow only in drier, more arid regions?! 

Yeah! We should go get that negative as soon as we get Hat free!

It's obvious that before we go any further, we need to find out who was behind 9/11 once and for all!

'Did you forget them towers in New York?'Did you forget how it made you feel'To see them towers come down?'Were you like me? Did you think it weren't real?

He's right. We'd better split up. Some of you go with the boys and get those film prints, the rest of us come with me to go talk to the governor about freeing Hat.

'Sokay, Mr. Garrison. We learned that gays are totally cool. You're just one of us now.

But the governor won't pardon Hat. So how can we get him out of prison? 

That's bullcrap, Mayor! Our rally to support the war was set up months ago!

Well excuse me if... I'm a little bit country.

Yee haw! Yiiip yip yip yip yip yip.

It tore a hole in my meat locker. Smashed a cigarette machine in half.

Oh. Sorry. Um, come on, everyone, guess we're in the wrong place. 

I think we scared 'im.

Hey everybody, this is never going to work. Don't you see? All this dividin' up the town, it's just ridiculous. What we really should be doing, is just beatin' the hell out of each other like we were.

Foundin' Fathers would kick all your asses!

Goddamn nigger guy's tryin' to be all political-like now!

Just because a guy cares about how he looks and is in touch with his feminine side doesn't mean he's gay anymore.

What happened to him, Doctor?

There's a man in prison and his name is Hat. 

Hey all you un-American bastards! If you don't like America, why don't you git out?! 

Hey, if you don't like America, then you can git out!

That was it. We just saw the last of them speeding away in a van!

There! All finished. From now on, this is the pro-war side of town, and that's the unpatriotic side. 

Hey! We don't take too kindly to cases being dismissed around here!

We must defend our country.

Are you kiddin'? Stan is probably ready to pounce on them after what they did to his father! 

What do we want?  We want to live in a world without people like you who are intolerant of African-Americans!

Well you got trouble, when you first decided to slander an entire race of people on "Wheel of Fortune"!

That's because the Founding Fathers would have supported the war!

That did not seriously come out of your ass.

Let's get him! 

Damn "nigger" guys!  We'll be back! 

We've got guards posted at the mall to make sure nobody gets tempted to buy dumb stuff. And, uh, Pat Sallsman is doin' house checks to make sure nobody is ordering anything stupid online.

Not only that, the auction was televised on public access, so my little daughter watchin' at home saw the... penis! How am I supposed to explain that to her?!

The heat could really damage our hair. We'd better let the police handle this!

We'll trizzle the shizzle all over the hizzle!

Oh no you don't! We're doing our pro-war song first!

Whoa! Lookie her!  Hey! Beautiful woman!  We don't take kindly to your types around here!

Get him! 

I don't know... He's got a lot of support. It might be hard to even catch this Jew. 

Aha-  ...Hey. We're all laughing. 

Come on, Randy. I'll bet you can crap that big again easy!

Hey! We don't take kindly to folks that don't sue people 'round here!

You bureaucrats have no right to play God and take that tube out!

Woo!

Don't kid yourselves. These people have come out to support our troops, right?! 

