This is inhumane! There's a big bucket with Butters' poop in here, and there's nothing to eat!

Well, that's why Superman isn't around anymore, isn't it? Cthulhu! Banish them to a dark oblivion, please!  Aww! Dude, that was awesome! You're all like "Mehhhh" and they were all like "Nooo!"

You are correct, Human Kike! Not that supervillains like you guys could ever see a double rainbow!

Into the Coon Mobile, everyone! Let's just hope we get there in time! 

Come on you guys, this is fucking bullcrap! Let me out!

It isn't just Cthulhu, Mr. Reporter. He's merely a small piece of Coon and Friends, who will continue to fight for good and justice.

You've gotta be fucking kidding me!

He's going to help me get rid of you guys so together we can make the world a better place!

Please sir, you must let us-

A bake sale?

I CARE!

Right, that's what superheroes do.

My God, this is what we've been waiting for! Coon and Friends, let's head out!

Whatever's happening, you need help from the Coon!

All right, what seems to be the problem?

My fellow superheroes, I have done it. Hindsight is taken care of. And now the country can finally be made aware of Coon and Friends!

Shut! Up! Mom! God!

Yep, that's him. So long, Justin Bieber, you little douchebag! 

We've got to get downtown fast, Coon Friends!  Mom, you've gotta drive us downtown!

Fuck you, Kenny!

Gather around, believers in good, and listen to the newest installment of The Coon. It all began when the BP Oil Company drilled into the ocean floor and ripped open a hole into another dimension. Seeing the disaster on Coon-Vision, the Coon immediately called together his trusty Coon Friends. As the Coon explained how the disaster could be stopped, something terrible happened. Without warning, the Coon friends changed. Their superpowers morphed somehow, turning them into... supervillains.  The Coon tried to reason with them, tried to bring them back to the side of good,  but it was too late.  Their black hearts had been tainted by hate and rage. The Coon was alone, turn by the ultimate dilemma.  He had to put a stop to the evil villains, even though they had once been his friends. Sometimes, to fight the ultimate evil, you must make friends with enemies.  The Coon teamed up with Cthulhu, because even Cthulhu knows what evil assholes Kyle and Stan and those guys are! And that they are manipulative, uncaring, vagina faces! They're all planning to destroy the world. Only one thing can stop them: the Coon. With Cthulhu's help, I can try to banish them to a dark oblivion, for all eternity.  I will not rest until that happens.

Well, now we're back to normal.  Just like before and all forgotten? Right right?

Suck it, bitches!

The Coon must be able to signal his friends when a huge catastrophe breaks out.

No, I, I know. That's cool, I understand. Even though I started it and the secret base is in my house. Yes, that's totally understandable.

Isn't it beautiful you guys?

Mom, don't talk to us like that! We're fucking superheroes!

Keewwwl! So what's next for Coon and Friends? 

Nuh uh, you guys are the bad guy. 

Convincing a giant creature from another dimension to do what you want is no easy task. After days of killing and conquering, Cthulhu is at rest. Now is my chance to make a move. Perhaps last time I was too forceful with the dark god. Too demanding. To get what it wants, sometimes a coon must be on the attack and vicious.  But sometimes a coon must be cuddly and cute.  Time for me to try and manipulate the most evil thing in all the universe.  Who's the sleepy little man?  My name is the Little Coon. What is your name?  Craaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!  You're a sleepy man ne, Cthulhu?  Who's a needs a tummy rub? 

Yes. This is definitely a job for Coon and Friends.

After the triumphant victory over the evil hippies of Burning Man, Coon and Friends turned their attention to the next villainous scourge, bravely taking out every Whole Foods left in the country! No more organic crap for America! Thanks to Coon and Friends the country would soon be rid of all evil, but first, they would come up against their most challenging and most evil opponent, Justin Bieber. In order to save the Earth, this little butthole had to be stopped.

Nobody's fucking heard of you, Mosquito!

Oh who cares about some oil spill environment crap?!

Good, you're all here. Take a look at this. Coon volume up! 

There's not gonna be any worse disaster. What could possibly be worse than a fire that kills fourteen people?!

It's confusing! The Coon is a brand people already know.

Yeeheah!

No, because it's for the greater good, like when Superman teamed up with Lex Luthor!

Just doin' stuff Mom. Are my friends downstairs in the secret base?

Your evil-doing days are over, Mosquito! All of you shall now be dealt the swift hand of justice!

What? A fire? Coon volume up! 

The Coon's mother appears to be extremely upset. In order to get past her, I must use the LeBron James technique.

What should I do? Should I admit I made mistakes? Should I say I've done this before? Should I write a song about how I should have stayed in my room? What should I do?

Mom, you're the Coon's faithful butler! I wanna go downtown now!

Kenny? What the hell? I sent you to the-

You aren't going anywhere, Chaos!

Should I admit I was wrong? Ask for everyone's forgiveness and go back to my original team?  Nah, screw that. I'm just gonna keep bein' a fuckin' dick! 

...What?

Don't listen to him Cthulhu! We have more important stuff to do!

Bab-ay,
I know you're askin' me to stay
Say "Please please please don't go away."
You say I'm givin' you the blues.
Mayb-ay,
you mean every word you say
Can't help but think-

Right, Toolshed. Now, how do we deal with these creatures from another dimension?

Fucking hippies! Fuck all o'you! 

Yes, of course.

Lick my balls!

Yeah, fuck all o'you!

That's because you think small, Mosquito! You have a tiny little mosquito brain, that's why you don't come up with the plan!

Hey guys.  So, what's goin' on?

Okay, what?

Should I say I am not a role model? Should I not listen to my conscience? It's my conscience, Mom! What should I do? Go back to my room and pretend nothing happened? Not jump out the window and fly to New Orleans? What should I do, Ma? Tell me!

You've got poop, don'tcha?  Now the question is, how are we gonna get Captain Hindsight to join Coon and Friends?

As we walked along the road to the grocery store, my Coon sense started tingling. Something was wrong. Very wrong. I've learned to trust my Coon sense. It has always been my guide. And so I knew I must act. A coon must know when to defend itself. 

Alright, Toolshed is here. We can start.

The evil girl villain fought with all her might, but the Coon was too much for her. As people looked on and cheered for the Coon, he clawed and punched the villain's stupid fat face!  This fight would not be the last the Coon fought. Next stop: New Orleans!

All right, now, we've taken out most of the synagogues, destroyed San Francisco, sent my friends into a dark oblivion, and so our next order of business will be Burning Man.  Burning Man is the biggest hippie festival in the world, and tomorrow, we're gonna wipe them all out. Pretty soon, the whole wold will be transformed thanks to the Coon!  Yes yes, the Coon and Friend. Now after Burning Man we'll take down Whole Foods alright?  The dark lord is agitated and the LeBron James technique might not work. The Coon will have to use an even more manipulative technique. Time to bust out: Cute Kitten.  Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow.  Meow meow meow. 

I'm going around making the world a better place!

Should I just apologize to my friends and ask them to take me back? Tell then that I was being a selfish jerk?  What should I do?

It's not my fault you guys turned evil, Kenny!

You don't keep anything! This is my basement and I'll tell my mom on you guys!

Hm. Ah, all right, look. You guys were totally right, okay? That's all I wanted to say. That and... there's a double rainbow outside.

Double rainbow, you guys. You don't see 'em often, but there's one outside right now. You've gotta come see! 

Come on, people! Some of us need to get to New Orleans NOW!  Yes yes, I am the Coon.

My fellow heroes, tonight I stopped three murders from happening.  I don't know why, but we're seeing a huge trend in crime. We have to find out the source of this evil. Something big is about to happen, and it is up to Coon and Friends to stop it.  Yes, Toolshed.

I told you, TupperWear, Extreme Avenger League doesn't work.

Sounds awesome. Let's do it.

Gentlemen, my attempts to recruit Captain Hindsight into Coon and Friends have been unsuccessful, but I believe I've come up with a solution. Coon Vision on!  All we need to do is get pictures of Captain Hindsight naked with Courtney Love. Then we'll tell him if he doesn't join us, we'll put them on the Internet.

Cthulhu! Cthulhu, dude! Over here!  Hey Cthulhu. 'Sup? Yes, it is me, the Coon! But don't worry, I'm actually not here to fight you! We are not so different, Cthulhu. Though I am a superhero and you are a dark god from another dimension, perhaps, we can work together!  I know how it feels to want to take over and rule the earth and have everyone else be your slaves. I do, bro! But there's a group of superhumans who are going to stop at nothing to stop YOU!  Good, I have your attention. The superhumans I speak of are right now working on plans to destroy you! They reside in Colorado and they are fucking assholes, and they all deserve to be sent into a dark oblivion! You can do that, right? Send people into a dark oblivion? 'Cause that's what those buttholes deserve!  No-Dude! Dude, Colorado is that way! Where are you going??  Goddammit, why don't dark lords fuckin' listen?!

So there's a big superhero out there doing stuff on his own and he's NOT part of Coon and Friends!

Simple, Toolshed. Coon slide 2?  We dress Professor Chaos up as Courtney Love, take pictures of him naked with a homeless guy, then photoshop Hindsight's face onto it.

No nonono! Excuse me! It is not Cthulhu, it is Coon and Friend! I'm a little sick of everyone giving him all the credit when I'm the one really making the world a better place!

Oh... I'm sorry Mom, can we go please?  Unbelievable! 

I've looked into it and this Captain Hindsight is everywhere. He's like some freelance butthole scab. We need to make him join us!

Fuckin' Mint-Berry fuckin' Crunch.

Oh, what are you, the boss now?!

Gotta get to work fast, people! Coon and Friends, ho!

Yeah, uhh, Mint-Berry Crunch, why don't you stay here and mind the place, okay? Kewl. 

Actually, I'm no longer with Coon and Friends. I work on my own now.

Uh oh!  What's the alert, Mosquito?

Oh no!

Ladies and Gentlemen, today we are pleased to announce the successful merger of Cthulhu, and the Coon. Cthulhu's track record for complete dominance and interdimensionary rule is without question. And now, coupled with the legitimacy and instantly recognizable brand name of The Coon, we intend to bring change and fight injustice. As the all-new Coon and Friends. And anybody else using that name for their benefit is breaking the law! Oh, what's that? There is another group using our trademarked name? Well, I guess we have a right to banish them to a dark oblivion, don't we?!

Yes, Coon and Friends are happy to help. We do not need thanks for our deeds. We do not want gifts, all we want is for people to buy our Coon and Friends T-Shirts for $14.95.

What's the huge-? Did you guys not see that Captain Hindsight guy?!

No you're right. For no reason. Clearly something is wrong with me. But you guys, what should I do?

Ya have?

You can't kick me out of Coon and Friends, I'm the fucking Coon!

Hi Mom.

You're kicking me out of Coon and Friends.

Goddammit! We have got to get that guy into Coon and Friends!

You think selling lemon bars is helpful to mankind?

Mom... what should I do?

All right, Mosquito, how do you wanna help people suffering in the Gulf crisis? 

No, not like milk! You see, I really think we're on different pages here, Mint-Berry Crunch! It's like you don't even- 

