Oy, what is the matter with them?

She has a dead fetus attached to her head.

Oh, Gerald, poor Kyle must be just as confused and scared as this poor kid.

And these are your cousins, Ike and Kyle.

Oh, boys! Don't ever forget that we love you! 

Sex? Oh bubbe, Ike is much too young. 

Well, darling, I have to tell you something. He didn't invite you. I set the whole thing up.

I'm sorry, he just left. He's on his way to Mexico.

You boys know you're not supposed to watch that careless show!

Gerald! Do something about your smart-ass son!

Okay, but first let Mommy give you a kiss. 

Yes, we could get you a few hats and wear a different one every day. No big whoop.

Thank you. 

Where did you hear that?

They feel like they're somebody trapped in another person's body. And so, they can have a surgery  that makes them more into the person they see themselves as. Do you understand?

Don't lie to us, Kyle!

I'm sure your friends will love him.

Aaaaargh! Omigod, make him stop!

Now when you learn to make the dreidel spin
You'll know our people always win.
Keep spinning:
Learn

Noo, no. And I'm pretty sure that strange little boy Kenny has the chickenpox right now. 

Oh, he's growing up so fast! 

Kyle, you have to accept your body the way it is.

Nothing is pissing me off! I just wanta start a movement.

Doctor, what are you saying?

It's natural, bubbe. Part of getting older is finding ways to assert your independence. You know. Why don't you go and try to talk to him - you can win him over again. 

But if they were such good friends it seems silly that they don't even talk anymore. Let's get them together!

That's great.

Not without their parents to put it in a proper context! They won't understand what they're seeing!

No you can't!

Oh, this could be such a wonderful Christmas play - I wish our little Kyle was here to see it 

Kyle!  Sshhh!

Sharon, your son has Attention Deficit Disorder too?

We are spreading the word to this establishment that we demand better television, for our children!  We want more quality television, like Full House. 

Hi bubbe.

Oh my God!

HA! Give me fifteen seconds with Kyle and I'll have that door open!  Kyle?!  This is your mother! You will open this door right now!

It's okay,  I'll just call some 20-year old and have him come over.

to make the dreidel spin 

Kyle, it's over!

I'm sure they are.

Basically.

Kyle, don't belittle your own people!

Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.

Okay, here he is.

Wait a minute!  Where's Ike?!

Kyle, that is enough!

Ike! 

Good-bye, boys. Kyle and Ike, you be safe. And Kenny?

Oh, come on, school isn't all that bad.

Well, best of luck to you, then.

I don't understand it. He's perfectly healthy.

We have to stop this smut from going on the air. We will march to the network and protest until our demands are met. New York, here we come! 

Oh my God.

Oh, well there's a relief.

And then, Kenny, Abraham's wife bore him no children. She had a handmaid, an Egyptian, whose name was Hagar. And Sarai said unto Abraham, "Behold now, the Lord hath restrained me from bearing. I pray thee, go into my maid."

Kyle!

No, why?

Well, we can promise not to buy one for Kyle, but we we can't make him watch you play th-  Oh yes! Fine! We'll force Kyle to watch you.

Kyle, get back into the carnival this instant! You can't be out in the street!

New Jersey? A family from New Jersey moved in next to the Marshes?

Well, you know how it is, Randy. The more we forbid them to play with Chinpokomons, the more they're gonna love them.

Now apparently, that's supposed to be funny.

I know what you mean. Kyle gets so hyper, sometimes he runs around and screams like a little eight-year-old.

Kyle, Stan and his mother came over to visit you.

Kyle? Kyle, what are you watchi-?!

So Kyle, it wasn't the tobacco company that made you wanna smoke?

You'll know

Okay, Kyle, we're leaving right nowww. 

Oh, he doesn't know that Mitchell slept with his wife, does he?

Oh, well, with a name like "Miss Information" she must know something.

Oh, this is just great! How could you two be so careless?!

Keep spinning: learn

Don't be ridiculous, Kyle Two. He's out playing with his new friends.

I don't get it. He must pull in at least two hundred thousand a year. 

Excuse me, we're looking for a two-year-old Canadian boy.

I thought it would be good for you.

You boys don't understand anything! It's obvious that you ALL need Muslim-sensitivity training!

Well, you're very welcome.

What the hell is this???  This is horrible!!!

to make the dreidel spin

Smoking?

Goodbye, bubbe! Be careful!

Kyle? Kyle!

Well..., Kyle..., they could be wrong, too.

Where are you going?!

Oh, of course!  Here you go.  Leaving so soon?

Oh Kyle! Kyle, you've got to fight!

Not allowing our kids to watch this show is not enough. We need to boycott the entire network! All those in favor...

Right over here. 

Yes, in the Book of Job, Satan talks to God. And God says to Satan, "Have you seen Job? He is a great man, and he praises me every day."

It's not that, Kyle. It's just that Eric's mother needs to see you all right away.  Just really quick; she says it's very important.

Yes, I will certainly let him know. Thank you.  Well, it appears that Eric here is responsible for Butters missing, because he wanted to go to Casa Bonita. 

Wwwhat? That's ridiculous. My little bubbeleh is adorable!

Gerald!  Keep your damn mouth shut!

That's great. We're having our book of the month club meeting, so why don't you boys go outside and play?

I guess we need to talk.

Kyle's not going to make it, Stanley. Oh, Gerald! 

Catch anything?

What what whaaat?

Well, that's exactly what I'm talking about. This poor woman is forced to live in the shadows because she feels like an outcast. It is up to us to make her feel comfortable and welcome in our town!

Do it harder, UPS man!

Here they are!

Oh, hi boys.

They say it's his kidneys. Kyle always has been a diabetic and lately his kidneys have just been shutting down.

Miss Stevenson? Yes. She's very nice.

That's exactly why I told Kyle not to hang around that boy.

Isn't he getting any better, doctor?

Over there hon. What, you need to drop some friends off at the pool?

What did he say?

our people always win.

Now that does it! I'm going straight to the mayor about you, Mr Garrison.

No, no no. I'm not upset about her. I want to make the public aware of her. Her disease should be brought to light so that it can be understood rather than made fun of.

Where have you guys been? We've been looking all over.

Oh Gerald, what are we gonna do?

Can you imagine that poor, poor woman?

No, she's right! With all the teen pregnancies that are out today, I think my boy does need to know about sexual education.  From the school.

Oh, hello Chris, Linda.

And how are you, Kyle?

Oh, it's been days! Where can he be?

The boys at school beat him up, Gerald.

Well, it's nice to see you so interested in something, Kyle. Ike, for the love of Abraham, you are gonna eat this.

I see. Well, you certainly have aab- humble home, Mrs. McCormick.

Oh, thank you Eric.

Mmmrragh!!

This is awful! I just know with every passing minute, little Kyle is seeing more and more depraved sex acts!

Eehh, sure, come in.  What is it?

Who's that?

Yes. You boys don't know how much we suffered. 

He's been sent to his room for being a bastard. He's decided that Ike isn't his brother, since he's adopted. 

Oh, that was wonderful!

My God, I never knew chickenpox was such a dangerous illness.

That's very good of you, boys. We can postpone Casa Bonita until next Saturday.

Oh Kyle! Your hash tag is really trending. I saw the commercial.

What's a Chinpokomon?

Hello, Sharon. Where's your husband?

It's very simple.  You see, Kyle, sometimes a person' outside doesn't reflect who they are on the inside.

Why?

Gerald, what the hell is going on?

Gerald! Gerald, get down here!

Well our boys have really taken a liking to you. You seem to really have a way with them.

But you're more in touch with the earth.

Oh my God, what is that?! 

Oh, that's so touching. 

It's easier to just leave it up to the school, but it's...just not a school subject.

Go get the door, Kyle!

Look Ike, It's Uncle Murray!

Let go of her, you piece of trash! 

Kyle, leprechauns aren't real. You're almost nine now; you need to understand the difference beween real and imaginary.

Well, if it'll make you feel better about yourself, then work out, Sharon.

No, it's true!

Oh yes!

What did he say?

Kyle, I need you to go get your brother over at his teacher's house.

At last, now we can return to normality.

Don't touch me.

It's lovely. Thank you.

Kyle, what are you doing here?! This is very dangerous!

AAAAA! Open this door!! Open this door!!

The new Canadian Prime Minister?

Hold on, kids. 

Now when you learn

Oh, Kyle isn't home right now, hon.

I don't know. Sometimes boys take cultural fads too far...

Our son is a good kid. He just didn't understand Tourette's was a real disease.

Whatwhatwhat?!

Oy, I knew I shouldn't have made Kyle eat that gefukahukah.

There's daddy!

That's when I knew I had to tell everyone the truth: that originally I'm from Jersey.  Yes, born and raised, I wasn't even called Sheila back then. In Jersey I was known as S-Woww Tittybang.  I drank heavily and punched a lot of bitches in the face.  Living in South Park, I'm able to control the Jersey side of me, which doesn't really come out unless I get around other people from Jersey.  I'm just really hoping that people here don't judge me for it, or, somehow, you know, hold it against me.

This is what happens when the moral fabric of society breaks down! 

Ohhh, thanks.

Gerald, this is ten dollars a hand!

So you mean 17 as long as you're in love?

You'll know

We're sorry, kids. We just let all those sensationalist news reports go to our heads.

Yeah. We told Kyle he could go if he did all his chores, and he did.

Obviously Craig has gotten them into some kind of trouble.

I'll call you back, Dr. Schwartz. 

I'm saying that for the first two months I carried you in my stomach, I lived in Newark. Technically, you are from Jersey.

Bubbe, how would you like to spend the night at your friend Kenny's house again?

Gerald, what has gotten into him?

Oh, this is gonna be so much fun; I haven't skied in years!

Oh, Kyle! You're safe!

Oh yes, Gerald! I've been so naughty!  Ah, oh, oh, oh jeez! Oh! 

Kyle!!

Oh it's gorgeous. These old houses are so neat.

Sure. You bet.

Kyle, bubbe, what are you watching?

Hoh boy.

Look, Gerald. Kyle's on television! 

That's right! I think it's time you kids took a little trip to the Museum of Tolerance! 

Yes. 

Oooh, that's right! We've got two Kyles now. We'll just call you  Kyle, and you can be Kyle...  Two! 

No, Kyle.

No-o Kyle, you'll be in debt for the rest of your life!  Please, somebody, get him to sto-o-op! 

What, bubbeleh, what is it?

Hey Sharon, Randy, great harvest, huh? 

Come on, Ike!  It's time to go to Squirts!

An abductor in our town?

Kyle!  Kyle, you have to stop this! 

Hold still, Ike! We have to get you dressed! Where the heck is Kyle?

Kyle, we wanna tell you about the Book of Job. It's a story from the Bible.

Kyle Two, he's your responsibility.

Why would Family Guy so blatantly insult Muslims?

Gerald, do something!

We can't even leave our homes for fear of our children's safety.

Ooooohhhhhhooh-ho! Oooh, my baby! Bubbeleh mine!  Waagghh!!  My baby!!

For only eight thousand dollars we can buy a condo here?

I know this has to be very upsetting for you, Kyle.

Oh, yes. Hello, Sharon.

No matter how much money the anti-smoking groups spend, the tobacco companies are there to fill our children's heads with lies and propaganda that make them wanna smoke.

To which God said, "Oh yeah? I'll show you, Satan! I'll take those things away from Job and he will still praise my name."

Hoh, dear God!

This is serious!

Ike, eat your gefilte fish. 

Tell his teacher I'm sorry, but I forgot he has a doctor's appointment today.

No! You're a psycho bitch, psycho bitch! Psycho bitch! You wanna see fuckin' crazy?! You'd better just step the fuck away or you're gonna see fuckin' crazy! 

You remember Uncle Gerry.

Gerald, that is very closed-minded of you! You shouldn't judge people who want to change.

We we need to take care of them, Eric! They're out of control!

He was godly, and a good man, and fed the poor. 

It is?

Be safe, Kyle. Bring me something back from the rainforest.

What-what-whaaat?!

Oh, Gerald...

To celebrate your little brother's  passage into life.

Ugh, please, just listen to me!  What about my children? Who will take care of them?

Oh, hello. 

I'll drive you boys. 

You know, your husband and mine used to work together as teenagers.

Why? What did you do, Kyle?!

Oh, so did Gerald. 

Well, because in ancient Egypt, God passed over the houses marked with the blood of a lamb. 

our people- know our people always win.

Nonsense. Can't I make you some nice pasta? Or a frozen fish fillet?

That's right, but sometimes a woman chooses to use other things. Telephones, staplers, magazines. It's because the nerve endings in the vagina are so sensitive, it's like a fun tickle.

Bubbe, where have you been? Dinner's been ready for five minutes.

You're not ugly, Kyle. You're my perfect little man. You look just like your father. 

That's it, baby. That's it.

Yes, but Kyle-

Behold, the miracle of childbirth!

No hot tub for me!

Practice makes perfect, bubbe.

Dug her up? Why??

Look out for yourselves!

Kyle, what are you doing there, honey?

There. You see, Gerald? He totally understands.

What is it, Kyle?

That isn't all, Mayor!  The school play is doing a Nativity scene!  It isn't being sensitive to the Jewish community!

What??

Oh, it's awful! Just awful.

Ike? Kyle?

Gerald! What happened to you?!

Now when you learn

Kyle! You know better than to discriminate against homosexuals!

Oh God! Oh God, what did we do wrong, Gerald?! 

Hey, you will not get away with this!  That does it, no more Mr. Nice Protesters. It's time for 'Plan B'.

Kyle! That is enough! I've been reading up on your poor nurse's condition, and it is nothing to be made fun of. It's called "conjoined twin myslexia".

Kids are doing this?

You're giving them a missile??

Ah-ah-ah-I'm afraid Kyle can't ride any amusement park rides for over a year because of his horrible hemorrhoid.

Whatwhatwhaaat?!? You're not going to get away with this, Mr. Garrison!!

Yes, it was fabulous!

Just a little higher. 

Please forgive us. I-I'm terribly sorry, Nurse Gollum.

Hello, Dr. Schwartz! Thank you so much for coming all this way to perform Ike's bris.

Oh no!

That's right, Kyle.

Kyle, Bill Cosby is here to see you.

That's nice, Kyle. Ike, eat!

Boys, that's ridiculous.

You'll know

Well I think you need to spend more time with your friends.

Yeah, come on boys. Time to get home. 

Oh, he's dead, he's dead! My little bubbeleh's dead!

Toxins?

Kyle, this instant! One, two. 

Keep spinning: learn

How was your flight? 

When I got pregnant with you, Kyle, your father and I were living with my parents in Newark. We knew we had to get out. Neither of us wanted our child to be from Jersey, so we moved. As far away as we could. But now I realize you can take the fetus out of Jersey, but you can't take Jersey out of the fetus.

Okay. I'll get our coats. 

Magic Camp? I don't know, bubbe, ask your father.  Ike, you will eat this!

It'll work, it has to.

Oh, this is so exciting

It looks quite inviting.

It's getting late, boys. Why don't you come on up to bed.

If we don't find him, so help me, you're gonna be grounded for a month!  Ike, love?

Kyle, you're not old enough, and those concerts are dangerous and vile.

The network is not taking us seriously. In the past, people have had to die for what they believed in, and we are prepared to do the same. Ready?  Mr. McCormick, you shall be a martyr to us all. God Speed. We will not let these corporate half-wits ruin our children's minds. Launch!  We will all follow suit, one by one if that's what it takes. 

This is "The Miracle Worker"?

You hear that, Kyle? You don't need surgery after all. 

Kyle bubbe, we're taking Ike to the new Harry Potter movie. Wanna join us?

Now, where did you leave him, young man?

All you trashy whores get the fuck out of here and leave her alone!

Boys, we have to go to this time-share presentation real quick, but you go meet your ski instructor on the bunny hill.

Oh you poor thing! Come upstairs and we'll get you out of those wet clothes.  Are you alright?

Kyle!  You're back!

My goodness, there certainly are a lot of gay shows on television these days.

Ohh, hello, Mrs. Cartman.

Did you sleep in the same room?

Well, why do you need one?

A new family moved in? Where are they from?

That's your cousin's flight, Kyle. Hold the sign up nice and high so he can find us.

Whatwhatwhaaat?!!?  Young man, you are not to watch that show anymore! It's immature toilet humor!

We were actually so moved by your book, Butters, that we brought Mr. Needlebaum from Penguin Publishing to read it.

Now, Kyle, come here.

Hello, Tom. Hello, Patty. Thanks for coming to Ike's bris.

Kyle, what are you talking about?

Help! Please, I need your help! That teacher, Miss Stevenson, she, she left town with my son! I got a note saying they're going to Milan!

Oh, Kyle. Ike, sweetie, you're OK. 

Mommy loves you too, sweetie.

Oh yes, that's my bubbe. Kind of a bad drawing though.

Dammit, Kyle! We've been working all week against that kind of behavior!

But who can we get to build it?

Oh, how precious! You boys are all playing dreidel. Now, you know that dreidel is a time-honored tradition for the Hebrew people.

Whatwhatwhaaat!!!  Come on everybody, back to New York! 

Kyle!

The whole thing.

to make the dreidel spin

Kyle, eh, the problem is...

Mr. Garrison, are you all right?

Yes, Kyle Two?

Sharon, isn't that your father?

Pretty much what I expected.

You wouldn't understand. It's a Jersey thing. 

Defiled? How?

Oh, I'm so excited. I've always wanted to see Cirque du Cheville.

Ike!

Okay, okay! I get the point! Just tell me what you're gonna do about it!

Their grandmother's been dead for three years.  You're not listening to me. Kyle, tell these people that your-  mother never raped you! Tell them! It's my fault. Say it! Tell them right now!!

Yehhs. As part of a school project, he's helping his class to move two donated grand pianos to needy school children in Tijuana. My little bubbe is very caring.

Well, hurry up!

No, no, bubbe, it's loads of fun. Try it.  That ought to take care of it.

Ike, you behave!

But sometimes, after the Siamese twins are joined together, one of the twins dies before birth. The living baby is born with the dead baby still attached.  Sometimes, this dead twin is inside the living person, so even you could have a dead twin inside you and not even know it! 

What are you talking about?

Oh, boy! Skiing in Aspen! I can't wait! 

Job was terribly sad, but he fell to his knees and said, "The Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away," and praised God's name. 

The answer is NO, Kyle! You're NOT going to have negroplasty!

I'm just kidding.

But what toy?

Alright, bubbe.  Oh, and boys? Happy Chanukah.

What is this?  It's horrible!

to make the dreidel spin

Oh, God. Poor Sharon. Doesn't she know?

Oh, I'm so sorry, Kyle. What else can I fix you?

What?

Well then, you are grounded, mister!

There there, bubbe, you'll be okay.  Oh doctor, did you find anything? Is it strep?

Oy..! Thank you, Chef.

He's your age and about your height.

But first, apologize to your brother!

Okay, boys. Get in the car.

Oh Gerald, it's beautiful.

Bubbeleh you need to get to bed! It's late!

People stealing bodies to have sex with them? Pirate ghosts destroying the town? When did everything go so wrong?

Well I think we better just go without him, Kyle. It's getting late.

Oh, Gerald, I haven't seen you for so long!

How would you boys like to have a little slumber party at your friend Kenny's house tonight?

Kyle! 

Gerald, what are we gonna do? Our son is a cat pee addict!

Are you crazy?!

our people always win.

Hello. Do I know you?

It's only a matter of time before they're selling their bodies and buying smack.

Kyle, what's the matter? You barely touched your knishes.

Oh, no thank you. It's terrific though, it's-- You don't have any tea bags or coffee grounds to go in the hot water, do you?

Gerald?!

Well that's too bad. I'm sure your husband's a fine man.

We know, Kyle, but we just don't want you going to their concert.

These boys minds have been tainted by the garbage on television that they see, and we are fed up!

Let's all just go to bed and let them play their little game for as long as they can.

All right. Well, there's pizza in the fridge if you and your friends get hungry. 

It's true. We were wrong for deceiving you about it. 

I'm sure you two will become great friends with lots of late night pillow talk.

Yes, yes, one week from seder dinner on Friday to the next Friday.

Of course they haven't, because the tobacco companies have gotten to them first. This is really their fault

Wonderful!

Well, this is all fine and good, but it doesn't explain what happened to my mother's body!

Well that sounds like a good deal.

It's Jewish tradition, bubbe.

Oh my God, this isn't happening. I would never touch my children like that.

Try and act Jewish. 

This is for your own good, bubbe.

He's your cousin, Kyle Two. I told you already.

So what makes you think he should play Joseph of Arimathea?

WHAT?? Your classmates beat you up for being a Jew?

Feeling like an outcast, being ridiculed every day...

Yes, we need a barrier to protect our kids.

Kyle, it's just what some people do.

Wow. Well, I am on natural medicines. If only I had known sooner.

Sure. Apparently, they've been doing these camps in every city around the country; how bad can they be?

No, bubbeleh. You play with Kenny some more.

Your father's right, Kyle.

How about the dreidl song, bubbe?

Listen to your father, Kyle.

Boys, we're not mad at you. We just wanna talk to you. 

to make the dreidel spin 

And I myself was not aware of this horrible show until recently. I have a clip to demonstrate exactly what I mean. 

What?!

Hello, boys!

All right boys, it's time to go home. You've got some serious grounding time to start.

Kyle? Kyle?  Get the doctor!

Hello?

Whatwhatwhaaat?!  Me?! 

Oh, hi, bubele. I'm glad you're here; you can help decorate for the party.

Ooooh, this is so exciting! I'm gonna get the mayor on the phone right now! 

So how was it? Did you boys have a good time fishing?

He's upstairs playing with all his friends.

Kyle, you are very handsome and perfect in every way.

No, that's impossible!

We'll just arrange a little fishing trip for them or something.

Oh, this is terrible! 

Alright. Fine, Kyle, you can go to the Raging Pussies concert if you clean out the garage, shovel the driveway and bring democracy to Cuba!

No!

I've got a great game for you. It's called "ookie mouth".

Oh,hello Eric.  Kyle, your friend is here.

Really?

No, no, you're very special, Kenny. It's just that... well, Jewbilee is... for Jewish kids. 

Wait up, Eric. We need to stay together.  Uh, hold on boys, that's my cell phone.  Hello? Yes. Oh, that's great!  Boys, they found Butters.  He's okay.

Oh noooo, that's just Catholics. Us Jews don't believe in hell.

Kyle Two, where is Kyle?

How are you feeling, boubbie?

We have a very strange little boy, Gerald.

Let's get down to the baggage claim, Kyle. 

our people always win.

Where on earth could he be? 

Oh God, this, this is horrible!

Gerald, this is crazy!

This retreat really is out of the way, isn't it?

Excuse me?

Kyle? You in there?

No! Hello, how are you?

What-what-whaaat?! You did this?!

Oh dear, did the Cialis commercial turn you on again?

Well I don't wanna play here!

Kids! 

Here Carol, I think it's your boy.

Come on!

She's really touched.

I want to invite your nurse to a dinner party at my house this evening. I'd appreciate it if both you and Mr. Mackey would attend.

Oh, Kyle, your little brother is, getting older. He's not a baby anymore.

I'm doing the best I can!

We need the help of the greatest anti-smoking celebrity that ever lived. Rob Reiner.

He was in terrible, miserable pain all day, every day. But he still kept his faith. 

Hello bubbe, how was school today?

That won't work. You can't just tell people from Jersey you don't like them. No matter how obnoxious they are, they will convince themselves that you all actually think they're cool.

There you are, boys!

Sharon, I'm so sorry.

Are you sure you stayed over at Kenny's house?

I want to talk to you all about your school nurse. 

Oh good, maybe you finally caught the chicken--

Oh, you know, this is really great.

You'll know 

Yes?

He left a note saying he's never coming back.

Really? I met Gerald in college, so I didn't know. What happened to them?

How about a Halloween costume with one of those plastic masks?

Are you going to do nothing?!

Now Kyle Two, listen to me. Kyle is going through a very tough time in his life. His mother is very sick and he's in a whole new place. He's going to rely on you to make sure he fits in at your school.

How?

He's able to use comedy to overcome his handicap! I love him! 

I've got it! We could set aside a whole week to make the public aware of folks just like you.

Really? In People?

Whatwhatwhaaat?!

That's not crazy at all, Sharon. Mothers do it all the time.

Kyle, if you don't do as you're told, I'm going to be very angry!

Yes, yes, this whole coming week is the Jewish holiday of Passover. Yes, it's all about how Moses led the Hebrews out of Egypt. Very good! So on Friday, all Jewish people will celebrate Passover with a seder dinner.  Because God commanded the Jews to only eat bread that hasn't been given yeast to rise.

Then it's settled. Boys, you're going to tolerance camp.

So, uhh, where did you get your degree, Nurse Gollum?

Mr. Garrison, what the hell do you think you're doing?!

Mr. Garrison, you're a Klan member?

our people always win.

Kyle, I think you've bothered the Marshes enough.

You'll know 

Now that things have changed for Kyle, his mother needs him back.

Don't worry, Kenny. I'll fill you in on our faith on the way up there. 

Eric, the South Park Police are already on their way here to have a little talk with you!

Okay, here! 

HIV?

Kyle, come back here! 

Oh, dear, but I'm barely dressed.

They just believe in their little hearts that it will work. We can't tell them it won't, we just can't!

Oy. It was for your own good, Kyle. I wanted you to get chickenpox while you were young.

He's been going there in the afternoons for private tutoring.

You have to be in Squirts if you're too young to be a Jew Scout.

Huh?  Oh my God... 

Yes, Eric Cartman is with us. Why?  Oh really? 

How the hell do you know?!

What's good about a bunch of crap sounds to a drumbeat?

I sure hope this works.

It isn't so bad, Kyle. A lot of people think the Jersey look is nice.

Oh, Gerald, I, I can't watch!

Hello there. Who's the cute baby? Who's the fuzzy, huh? Yes, that's a cutie. 

But then... are you saying...?

First, you let Kenny spit in your mouth. Then you try to swallow his spit and say "ookie mouth" at the same time.

Hurry! Hurry!

Kyle!

It's also important that you understand why some people choose to urinate on each other.

It's so nice of you to take all the boys with you.

I'll put it in the microwave right away. 

Oooh.

Gerald, what are you talking about?

I think you'd better leave.

My baby! Oh, God, the horror! 

How dare you include the Nativity in a school play?  Don't you realize my son is Jewish?! 

Here we go, Kyle Two.  And here's yours, Kyle. 

So now that you're educated about her disease, you won't need to make fun of her. Right, bubbe?

Kyle. 

Yes.

We have to do something! It is obvious our children are still completely confused about 9/11!

