Oh, right. We certainly can't afford him anymore.
It's the alien wizard! It's gonna get you boys! Shoot it! 
We believe something is happening in Independence Hall that gives money its power over men.
...Frankly, Mr. Garrison, it isn't even your educational record that we're most concerned about.  It's your somewhat substantial police record.
Aand these rich celebrities have perfectly good wives at home. Why would they even think of sex with others? Dammit!  I want answers!
Mr. Garrison, most teachers do not carry a gun!
What could be causing this outbreak of sexual addiction?
-answers which we all desire.  Whatever is causing this outbreak, we guarantee we will find it! 
A-mazing. Then the wizard alien spell might not have any power over him! He could draw the bastard out!
No good, Mr. President. Because we've learned that sex addicts will find ways to make money and become successful in order to feed their addiction.
We're facing a sex addiction epidemic in our country. Young people all over America are infected, and at extreme risk to themselves and to the people around them.  They're leading lives of secret pain.
Ladies and gentlemen, for the past several days we've been screening our nation's schools for signs of sex addiction. The results of our tests are troubling to say the least. Dr. Tonton?
I've gathered you together here because you are the best minds our country has to offer. As you've all seen on the news, our country is facing a major crisis, and we need to find out what's causing it.  Why? Why are rich successful men suddenly going out and trying to have sex with lots of women?
Son, we were told that you think sex addiction can be controlled. That it just takes restraint. Is that true?
Yes. That's why we decided to look at the cash itself for clues! We tried to find something in the hundred dollar bill that could explain why this is happening now. Then we looked at the backside, and found this.  Independence Hall.
We don't believe so. In adult males, for whatever reason, sex addiction only seems to be problematic amongst rich successful celebrities.  However, we are still collecting data, and all-
Mr. Garrison, after very careful review the school board believes that you should take a... hiatus from teaching. Indefinitely.
Mr. President, in every test the results were the same. The monkeys who were given cash always acted out their sexual addiction to dangerous levels. It appears that money has a direct effect on the virus's ability to develop.
And you think that these aliens... could be back with a new virus? One originating from Independence Hall causing rich successful men to have sex with lots of women?!
We're sorry, Mr. Garrison, we have no choice.
Mr. President, you aren't safe here. Let us handle this.
Did you know that not one of your students knew who Sam Adams was?
