There's um, metal housing... some kind of three-pronged triggering mechanism that... Wait there's... there's something else here! There's something... 
We ran the tests four times! We used four different E-meters!
Ms. Clinton, we just received word of a possible terrorist attack on your rally today.
What do we do? Can we disable the timer?
The E-meter results from the little boy in Room D
It's very simple. We just need two hundred and forty dollars.
Ms. Clinton, it appears that terrorists have snuck a snuke up your snizz.
Yeah, I'm afraid that you are completely miserable and totally depressed.
Uh huh. Would you rather give orders... than take them?
Ho- hold on one second, sir, I have another emergency coming in.  This is Brian with INsecurity, is everything all right?
Well, I hate to tell you this, Stan, but... you are one messed-up kid.
Just help us get the whale into our truck and we'll all keep quiet about this.
This is Brian with INsecurity, is everything all right?
Don't say that, Mike. It was funny. It just wasn't that funny this time.  All the other times were still funny, Mike! They were still funny!!
My God, they hid it under the stage?!
It's... eating my head! It's eating my head! 
Uh, uh, all right, I'm looking. Yes, I see... I see the device! 
Well there's certainly no question that you are a perfect candidate for Scientology. I think it can really make you happy again.
Huh, well. We'll get another E-meter - this one's obviously broken. Sorry about this, Greg.
You mean like the time you had tea with Mohammad, the prophet of the Muslim faith? 
Ho, that's not a problem at all. Scientology is more like an alternative to psychology than a religion.
Do you ever whistle... just for the fun of it.  Okay, and finally, does life sometimes feel vague and confusing to you?
Wha... what are you?! I have no qualm with you! Stay back! Stay back I- agh! Aaagh!
Okay, Stan. Well, that's it. That's the end of the personality test.
I'll do it! I'll check out Ms. Clinton's snizz.
No, I mean what kind of nuclear device?!
Wow! That's great! All right, come on in and take a seat; we're gonna have some fun!  All right now, I'm just gonna ask you a few questions. Just answer these questions as truthfully as you can, alright?  Okay. Number 1: Do you ever make remarks... which you later regret?
There's something perched on the snuke's coil... Oh God, it's looking at me!
Yes, I know it's sick. To be honest, I gag every time one of them lets out a queef.  But it's money Goddammit and this channel needs it! I'm sorry, Terrance & Phillip, your show is done!
Oho, that's just this thing: What's the Denver Broncos' record now? Six and two?
We aren't sure, but... perhaps it's best we call it off. 
