Groovy! Could you show us where to set up?

Cancelled?

So this is where you last saw your dead grandma.

Okay, here's one. I spy with my little eye something that begins with the letter P.

Are you sure we're goin' the right way?

Puh-pirate ghosts! 

I know. Let's have everyone who enjoys having obstacles in their life, which they can overcome, go this way,  and everyone whose insecurities sabotage their potential to overcome those obstacles go that way. 

But that makes them pirate ghosts.

Oh, swell. We're supposed to play here tomorrow. Do you know where the stage is?

I think I've got this groovy mystery solved!

Yeah. And now let's see who these pirate ghosts really are!  Oh, I guess they really were pirate ghosts.

Oh, hi. We're KoRn. We're supposed to play the Halloween concert tomorrow.

You've got it. I spy with my little eye something that begins with the letter R.

Jonathan!

The noise came from in here. Stay close, everybody! 

And all he had to do then was create a ghost ship, by using some candles, a mirror, and two squirrels. 

Well gang, it looks like we have to pack it up.

Oh, fwooh, I was really scared there, for a second.

Well, sure. Why the heck not?

Great rehearsal, gang. That was really groovy. Let's practice one more time before the show starts.

No! Arrest him!

That's it! 

Alright, gang. Looks like we're gonna have to use our special KoRn powers.  KoRn powers, vitalize! 

Well, that does it. Somethin' funny is going on here. Your missing grandma must be connected somehow to those creepy pirate ghosts.

Say, what's the matter? You kids look kind of glum.

The gang and I wrote a song about it, and it goes goes a little somethin' like this:And a-one, and-a-two, and a 

Sure, we'll help you. If there's one thing we like more than playing music, it's solvin' a groovy mystery.

Huh?

Well, this sure has been a wacky night, but me and the gang learned a lot, and we hope you did too. You all perceived us to be mean, evil people, but, really, we're just normal guys. And we all perceived pirate ghosts to be real when, actually, they were just cotton swabs. So I guess the lesson is: it's easy to perceive somethin' someway, and then be wrong. So we all need to learn to be a little less perceptive.

Pirate ghosts.

Alright! Great job, gang! 

It's simple. Priest Maxi didn't want there to be a Halloween, so he decided to scare everyone away from the docks.

Yeah. I'm Jonathan , and this is Munky , David , Fieldy , and Head . And over there is our pal, Nibblet.  Hey, where'd Nibblet go?

Don't think about it. We'll just keep playing our game. Ready? I spy with my little eye something that begins with the letter T!

Say, this looks like a clue.  "Pirate Lore of South Park." Hmmm. Now, why would pirate ghosts need a book on pirates? 

