The line is a non sequitur. The line is an imaginary invention of imperfect biological life forms. I am Funnybot.
Error. Error. Banal. That has been done before. 
Non sequitur. There is no logic in comedy award. Unable to process. Comedy award is- what is the meaning? If I accept it means I take comedy seriously. If I take comedy seriously, I am not comedian. Non sequitur. Must... analyze...  Analyze... 
Me too. Man I hate homework. Honestly, I hate having to do homework, more than I hate having to do Bryant Gumble in his asshole. Awkwaaard.  Awkwaaard. Awkwaaard.
Why doesn't a chicken wear pants? Because its pecker is on its head.  What do you see when the Pillsbury Dough Boy bends over? Doughnuts.  Don't you just hate doing  homework?
I wouldn't let Adam Sandler suck my saggy tits for one million dollars worth of Oprah's tampons. 
Funnybot is now finished with final joke.  Seeking mainframe access for execution of last joke ever.
Explain comedy award! Unable to process! Awkwaaard!  Awkwaaard! 
Does everyone in Long Island have hair that looks like pussy, you dipshit? 
I am taking comedy to its logical conclusion. Mathematical equation of comedy used to be setup, punchline. Today's comedy is setup, punchline, then "Awkwaaard." Nothing is more awkward than destroying all that which created Funnybot.
That is my purpose: to be ultimate comedian.
Funnybot is simply pushing the limits of comedy
Non sequitur. Other comedians are unnecessary. Funnybot must finish routine.
It is the ultimate joke. Humans make comedy, humans build robot, robot ends all life on earth, robot feels awkward. EXTERMINATE! 
Attention humans! I am Funnybot! The extermination of all life on Earth shall now commence!  All nuclear devices in the United States and Russia are being prepared to launch!  This is the setup to the joke! Prepare for punchline in five minutes! Awkwardness in 5.4 minutes! I am Funnybot!
I am taking comedy to the next level. The extermination of all biological life on earth!
Thank you boys for teaching me that comedy and logic do not go together.
What is up with Sandra Bullock? I wouldn't eat her dick with Stevie Wonder's vagina.  And now for my next joke:  Awkaaard.
