Huy! Don't you dare kill my penis!  Crap! We've gotta go back around!

Ih if we apply what we've just learned, we see that all negatives can-

We caught the person that did it.

What?

Did you tell anyone else about this?

Hello doctor, looks like I need an abortion. 

Oh you! You're comin' with me right now to find my ball and scrotum right now, Mr. Man! 

Married?!

Welcome to Muslim-Sensitivity Training. It is important for us to understand why the Muslim feel the way they do, and why we can never show an image of Mohammad.

What's the matter? You... afraid you can't do it? Can't say that I blame ya. That egg has caused me nothin' but problems since day one!  I guess... you're not as good as they say you are...

What?

My scrotum!  That dolphin has my scrotum! Now let us in!

These homosexuals think they can just step all over our traditions! Well I say: Marriage is a holy sacrament between a man and a woman! 

Don't you tell me what I can and can't do with my body!  A woman has a right to choose!

Well, that didn't take you long, did it?!

You boys make me sick! You're well on your way to being men, who only think with their penises! I am assigning all of you weekend homework! You are going to read Hemmingway's book, "The Old Man and the Sea"!

Boys, have you seen Kyle?! He's not at home.

All right, students, let's take our seats. Apparently we have a little problem here at the school which we need to talk about.

But I paid five thousand dollars to be a woman. This would mean I I'm not really a woman. Ih, I'm just a... a I'm just a guy with a mutilated penis!

No, I totally get it now! Evolution explains everything! There is no great mystery to life, just evolution and God's a spaghetti monster! Thank you, Richard!

Oho, that's okay Eric. If you need a little more time with your homework, just say so.

Now how about our gay couples? Stan and Kyle?

Not anymore. I've been fixed.  Richard, hold on. I can explain.

Godspeed! 

Mah penis!  Stop, penis! Come back here!

Okay, that was the Goth kids with "Talent Shows Are For Fags"

The the egg that the two boys were given just-

Hello, boys! It's me, your teacher! Mrs. Garrison! 

Everyone, sit down and shut the fuck up! God damn it!  Stupid ass man! They're all the same! 

Yeah, ever since he got that new hybrid he thinks he's better than everyone else.

What?!

Welcome students and parents to the annual South Park Elementary Talent Show!  We have a lot of little talneted performers to get through, so the quicker you shut up, the quicker this will be over!  Okay, first up we have Billy Turner, from the third grade, who will be doing an alto sax solo. 

Now I, for one, think evolution is a bunch of BULL CRAP. But I've been told I have to teach it anyway. It was thought up by Charles Darwin and it goes something like this:  In the beginning we were all fish. Okay? Swimming around in the water. And then one day a couple of fish had a retard baby, and the retard baby was different, so it got to live. So Retard Fish goes on to make more retard babies, and then one day, a retard baby fish crawled out of the ocean with its  mutant fish hands... and it had butt sex with a squirrel or something and made this.  retard frog squirrel, and then that had a retard baby which was a... monkey fish-frog... And then this monkey fish-frog had butt sex with that monkey, and... that monkey had a mutant retard baby that screwed another monkey and... that made you!  So there you go! You're the retarded offspring of five monkeys having butt sex with a fish-squirrel! Congratulations!

Why the hell not?!

Well, I ASSUMED you supported me. It's still me; I just have a vagina instead of a penis.

Principal Victoria, it is wrong!  It is wrong and I simply will not do it!  I care about my students, and I will not fill their heads with lies!  I am NOT teaching evolution in my class!! 

Get out of my face!  Urrgh, this scientific study isn't turning out the way I planned! Looks like I'm gonna have to... intervene.

Ohhh it's so easy for you, Mackey! You have a penis! 

Wall come on! 

Holy Freaking Jesus.

Boys! Boys, have you seen my penis? 

And then, I go to the doctor, right? And I say "Doctor, I wanna go back to being a man," and he says "There's been too much damage. You can't go back. Where are you going to find a penis?"  Whattaya mean, where am I gonna find a penis?!  I'm a man! I deserve a God damned penis! 

I can't do that, Eric!

Okay, children, this week we are all going to learn about parenting.  I'm going to pair all the boys and girls in class into couples, and give each couple...  an egg. You must care for and look after this egg just like a baby for one full week. If you break your egg, it means you have a dead baby, and if you kill your baby, you get an F. When I announce your names, please move and sit with the person you're paired with.  Heidi, you'll be with Eric.

Hi gals!  Oh boy, can you believe the sales they're havin' out there? Well, I'm about to pee out my vagina for the first time.  Give us a hug. Girls' Club!  Oh wow! This is great! Look at that, I'm peeing sittin' down like a dainty dignified little woman!  Sany, any of you ladies wanna go see a sad movie together?  You guys try those new wings tampons? Do those work well?

Can you believe some people still don't drive hybrids? 

Eric, that's enough! Not all Muslim people are terrorists!

What the hell do you mean you just put my penis outside?! Why didn't you call me?!

Oh, all right. 

Then why are you scared of one little egg?!

All right kids, let's just try to focus on learning, okay?  Now all you need to remember here is that negative numbers

Okay, kids, today we're going to review some Civil War history. Who can tell me what year the war started?

Oh, that's just great! They're gonna let queers and homos get married, huh?!

Retarded fish-frogs.

Principal Victoria, it's just that Eric has become such a distraction I, I don't think I can teach my class anymore.

The case is closed! Whoever had the lice, they're dead now! We're moving on to Civil War history.  Ulysses S. Grant-

Okay Eric, Jesus, calm down. You can go first.

Kyle, watch your language! 

Yeah, I've got one growing inside me. Now, are you gonna scramble its brains or just vacuum it out?  ...If you want you can just scramble it and I'll queef it out myself.

Uh oh.

Are you Jakartha?

I don't care. Scramble it, fry it, do what you will! It has to look like an accident.

But... we need supplies, food, silicone.

AHA! I've got you, you snake in the grass!! I found you out!!

I've got a date! I've got a date! My first real date with a real man since my sex-change operation!  Oh boy, what'll I wear?!  Hey everybody!

We don't have tickets!

Wendy, we're doing an experiment.  Here you go, boys. 

Good. Millie and Clyde, I saw yours before class.  Powder and Kenny?

But listen, I am not going to just rush into a relationship with Allyson. I'm a late-in-life lesbian. So I need to play the field for a while, right?  Oh I'm so happy.

Appeal to the Governor? Oh,come on! Where's your balls?! Fag drag!

Okay, so what do we get when we multiply a negative number-?

Hehyeah, almost.

Who are those people?

What do you want? I'm trying to teach.

All men care about is sex! I spent two hours getting ready for that stupid date! And when the bastard checks out my body, he just says, "Hey, did you used to be a guy or somethin'?" I'm a woman now, so what's it matter?!

Two boys can't possibly take care of an egg!

Noo! Noooo!!

Don't worry, Jimmy. We're not laughing with you, we're laughing AT you. 

Look, I'll giggle and make them bounce up and down!  Heeheeheeheehee, heeheeheeheeheeheehee.

Oh, so is that it?!  You're just gonna walk out?! You men are all alike! Go ahead and find somebody who doesn't have a vagina, you fag! 

Oh jeez, should I do it?! Should I do it?! Oh what the hell!  Wooo! Huhuh, wooo!

Short, and little fluffy ears.

Kyle, if you wanna debate Eric, you can do so with your paper tomorrow!

You've just been too soft on religious people in the past. Think about it, Richard. With your intellect and my balls, we can change the future of the world.

Mr. Garrison! 

Now of course, as a woman, I'm a bit against those chauvinistic pageants, but I hope that you children take a moment today to congratulate Token for being so special.

And if I'm a monkey, then I might as well act like a monkey, huh?! 

I have a little... problem I need taken care of. I heard you're the best.

Uh, yes.

So today you're all going to the gymnasium to have your scalps examined.

Now we will tally up the judges' scores and find out which act they hated the least.

Eric, what the hell is this?!

...Well, I think we've all learned an important lesson, haven't we, class? If you don't make the right choices in life, you could end up being a big loser like Stan's dad.  Drinking and driving is for idiots. Nobody wants to end up like Stan's dad, do they?  I want you all to take a good look at Stan's dad and say, "Is that who I want to be in thirty years? Getting tickets and having to go to elementary school classrooms and talk about how pathetic I am?" Thank you Mr. Marsh, I think you made your point. 

...Oh boy, do I feel like a jackass.

Yes, what is it?! I'm a little busy!

All right kids, it is now my job to teach you the theory of evolution.

You know what? I'm okay. Even though I'm not truly a woman, I think I still like the new me. I'd rather be a woman who can't have periods than a fag.  Hey guys! This girl is staying a woman! Who wants to pound my vadge! Girl power!

They can all rot in hell! Who needs men anyway?! They're God damned arrogant self-centered assholes is what they are! 

All right, Eric, you can go next.

Well I...  I do bring down a woman's wrath now and again. 

Doctor, what about a penis?

Never mind, just carry on, children. Just carry on as two reckless little boys will.

Well... Well, you know, I'm... I'm open to stuff.

That's my man.

Children, children, we have a very special announcement.  Your classmate, Token, has just returned from winning the Colorado Child Star Contest with his incredible singing! Well let's give him a hand! 

I'm sure this class is clean, but we're gonna be examined so that if anyone has the lice, we can stop it before it spreads.  Lice can live in anybody's hair. 

Where is it?!

Kyle, you're not being very sensitive.

Yes!

Hello, Mr. Slave.  Boy have I been busy. A woman's work is never done.  I got some tampons. I should be getting my period really soon. I hope I don't get too emotional and drive you crazy with my PMS.  Mr. Slave, I got&#160;!Mrs.somethin' for us, too.  Would you like to take this beautiful woman to bed?

Okay, thank you, Leroy, thanks for sharing your dumb little frog with the class. Okay, anybody else have anything for Show and Tell?

Oh, that's me. 

That's right.

Oh Jesus! We've gotta get to my balls before Kyle hurts himself! 

I'm in pretty bad shape. My... leg is broken and my... left boob is leaking

It's being kept confidential! There's a policy in the schools not to single out a kid who has lice, because of the embarrassment it can cause, okay?!

Get your man-hands off of me!

You WHAT?!

Would you like tuh...  head over to my place for dessert?

Gerald, where's Kyle?!

Look, there's a boy with my balls in his knees and he's in serious danger!

How long before it's ready?

Oh, that's too bad, dude. Maybe if you boys could keep your penises in your pants once in a while you'd get more done!

And now we have Eric Cartman, who will be doing select readings from the movie, Scarface. 

What?? Y-your... you're too late!

And, Wendy? Wendy will be with Kyle.

Come back here, penis!  There you are! Got you!  Hey, you're not my penis.  Ogh!  There it goes! Stop you!

Mr. Mackey!  We got him.

Oh yeah! Yeah, I'm a monkey! Give this monkey what she wants!

Don't ask me, I'm a fuckin' monkey!! 

Because you're the governor?

What about the fact that if I believe in this crap, you're gonna go to hell?! Doesn't that bother you a little?

In conclusion, Governor, you can rest assured that-! 

Think you got it, Mitch?

Well, think of the children! If you allow gays to get married, then you're also givin' them full rights as parents to adopt. You think kids can be raised by queers??

You can't get married! You're faggots!

I'm not gay! I'm a woman!

Eric, you've never been anything but a problem for me! You're taking that egg! And if you break it again, I'll break both your legs, and burn down your house! Do you hear me?!

It was a shock to me too. I... met another woman and... we went to this fabulous bar called "Les Bos" where I finally felt at home. Allyson and I talked, and really opened up to each other and... then we...  scissored all night long.

Governor, we have collected over one thousand signatures requesting that you veto this gay-marriage bill!

Damnit, who the hell is calling?!

This sex change was a big mistake, okay?  I was on a lot of painkillers at the time and I thought it was what I wanted.

What?

Well it's here! You'd better make damn sure it doesn't reach these steps uncracked!  Haha, anyhow, as I was saying, we put one egg into the hands of two male students. 

Do you see monkeys at the zoo?! They crap in their hands and throw it at people!

Eric, what the hell is wrong with you?!

Hoh now, what makes you say that, Wendy? I'm sure two boys can handle an egg just fine...  And if not, we'll certainly prove a point to that goddamned Governor, won't we?

Hello everybody!  Can you believe it ladies? I'm one of YOU now!  Wow, just look at all these tampons! Regular, heavy flow- Oh boy, I can't wait till I get my first period! 

Nothing! It's all okay! Just take your damn egg!

What?? But Dick, you told me the world would be a better place without religion.

So you are saying that we're all related to monkeys.

Jealous of what?! I'm doin' this out of principle! To protect the sanctity of marriage!  Fags are gettin' married over MY DEAD BODY!! 

It's okay! 

It's like, my whole life has just been one big screw-up, you know?  I admit it, I was I was sexually lost. I was, and then I see this person on Oprah. She was a woman but then she got a sex change, became a man, but... then she got pregnant and is having a baby, which means she's still a woman all along. That means I'm really still a man, I'm... I still feel like a man

You all had head lice!  Every single person in the class! The boys aaand the girls! Lice spreads fast, you dumb-asses!

Richard, come back, please!  Well go ahead and leave, you atheist faggot! Have fun mocking God in hell! You queer!

No we, we can find it! 

Come on, you. You're gonna have to sit in the dunce chair! 

Well now how am I supposed to find it?! It could be anywhere!

Wow! My penis looks great!

Did you tell your egg partner, Heidi?

I just hate men is all. It's like all they care about is how hot you look!

I hope you're making the right choice.

Well, give us a kiss!

If you do not have an essay written on Monday, then you will fail! Is that clear?!

Thank you, Governor.

But now that you're back here, does that mean that you're not in the Super Adventure Club anymore?

Hey everybody! Chef's back!

Whatever.

I will give you all the money I have to just try. Please. Doctor, I'm a man trapped in a woman's body. I need a penis.

Nu- no thanks? Come on, Mr. Slave, I wanna try out my new snootch.

Let's all look at why Muslims are upset:  First of all, in the Muslim religion, you're not allowed to have what?  Sex. Good.  There's no sex until marriage in the Muslim world.  Now, this would be fine except that in the Muslim religion you also can't... Anybody?  Jack off.  Okay, jacking it is strictly forbidden in the Muslim religion.  And what do we know about the places Muslims live? They live in?  Good, sand.  Now put yourself in the shoes of a Muslim. It's Friday night, but you can't have sex, and you can't jack off. There's sand in your eyes and probably in the crack of your ass, and then some cartoon comes along from a country where people are getting laid, and mocks your prophet. Well you know what? I'd be pretty pissed off too!

Just let me say what I came here to say. I know we had a falling out and... things were said that... shouldn't have been said. I want to apologize for calling you a faggot.

Oh that's very interesting, isn't it, kids? 

You here for an abortion too?  Yeah, I discovered a few days ago I wasn't bleedin' out my coo, so I guess I'm knocked up. Is this doctor any good?

My balls are in his knees. If he jumps with them they'll explode!

Did I say something to you, sugartits?!

Evolution is a theory! A hare-brained theory that says I'm a monkey! I am not a monkey!! I'm a woman!

You have to get an A, Eric. Here: I'll sign this new egg for you. We'll pretend this never happened, all right?  Just... put on the old hair, color in the same eyes... There we go, good as new.  Go enjoy the rest of your recess.

All right, students, let's take our seats. Everyone try to be nice because we have a new student joining us today, and I know you'll all make him feel welcome. Say hello to... Baahir Hassan Abdul Hakeem.

Token is going to sing in front of a huge audience at the Miss Colorado Pageant in Denver. And for doing it he's gonna be paid two hundred dollars.

With what?

That's impossible!  Are you sure you didn't break it and switch eggs on me?! Where's my signature?!

And we'll just take this egg for Stan and Kyle to look out for. 

I warn you, Principal Victoria! Those students are not prepared to hear this stuff!

Kids, I need to tell you something that you might find shocking.  I'm gay. 

Eh fah, fag drag?

Ladies and Gentlemen, with the help of some adorable fourth-grade students, we've completed our scientific, non-biased study of fags having kids. Come on up, children.  The parents were grouped together as male and female. As you can see...

We'll just see about this, you fudge-packin' fags!! I'll stop that gay-marriage law! 

No, no. If I gave you some of my DNA, could you grow a penis on a mouse for me?

Why don't you take a seat in Kyle's empty desk for now?

And so, class, that is when Joe Lee countered back to Aniston and said things like-  Oh hello, Mr. Mackey.

Well, you're a faggot!  Continue.

What??

OHOH YEAH!! AHHH!! 

Aaand let's see who else we have here, uh...

Oh I'm not... I'm not totally into the whole God thing. I just... I just think, you know, you can't disprove God.

Well, wait, wait, it gets better. I've forgiven you for walking out on me after I had my sex change, and uh...  And I'm ready to take you back, Mr. Slave!

Mrs. Garrison.

Principal Victoria, I was simply trying to make a point to Mr. Dawkins about the incongruity of some scientific statements.

But, if you had such a study, a scientific study which proved same-sex couples are incapable of raising a child...

Okay students, let's all take our seats. Since it is Monday, we'll start as always with Show And Tell.  Who'd like to go first? 

Oh, I'm Janet. Janet Garrison. Sorry I'm so pissed off.

There it is!  No! Nooo!  No! No!

No, no, not like that! That's just silly. 

Oh yeah! Yeah, I'm a monkey! Give this monkey what she wants!

Let's see what happens when we put two same-sex couples together to take care of an egg, shall we?! Kyle, you are now with Stan! And Wendy is with Bebe! 

What?!

Don't you even care that I was suffering? I wasn't happy the way I was!

My penis is on the loose! If you see it, just try to catch it with some cheese. 

Okay, thank you Butters, very nice, short and sweet. 

Come on, Bebe. We'll take your egg for you and Wendy to look after.

Okay, very nice, Clark and Laura. Very nice.  Our next act is Butters, who will be singing a song

Yeah? You see? I knew that would happen.

Okay, let's put our hands together for Jimmy Valmer. 

You're the smartest man on earth, Dick. With me by your side, there's no stopping you.

But I missed my period.

What the hell is he doing here?!

Yeah, pound my monkey hole, Richard! Yeah, I'm a monkey all right!

Tell me about it! I can't even stretch at a normal gym without some guy trying to stare down my vage.

You mean, I'll never know what it feels like to have a baby growing inside me and then scramble its brains and vacuum it out?

Hey asshole!

Teeheeheehee.

You d-you do?

You're riiight. It's so simple! God is a spaghetti monster. Oh thank you, jeez! My eyes are opened!  Hey everyone, I'm an atheist!

Annie, you'll be a family with Timmy.

Uh oh, retard alert! Retard alert, class!  Do you believe in a flying spaghetti monster too, bubblehead?!

Look, we can still be together. All you have to do is stop being gay!

Well,  well, I suppose we could have a little steak or something. 

NO!  My baaaallllssss. 

Okay, students, change of plan!  You've all been doing a great job taking care of your eggs, but now we're going to mix it up a little. Wendy and Kyle will no longer be together.

So I told my gynecologist, "you put so many things in my vagina, maybe I should charge you!" 

Kyle, let Eric give his presentation.

Damnit, damnit! Stan and Kyle's egg is still doin' fine! Those little assholes are screwin' up my entire plan!  Yes, what?!  What the hell is this?!

It's an egg.

Holy Crap! 

Let me see if it feels right in my hand. 

Okay, very nice, Token. Thank you. 'K kids, looks like we only have time for one more speech today, so let's have ah Eric.

Okay, very nice, Kyle. A little dry and science-y for my taste, but there you go.  All right, that's lunch, kids. We'll pick up with Clyde's speech about lesbian cheerleaders after recess.

Okay, Annie and Timmy?

We did it! We did it! 

Oh boy, men will do just about anything to get a look at our tits, won't they? Men are all the same. My boyfriend walked out on me! Turns out he was a fag. But I've been livin' it up ever since, havin' sex with all kinds of different guys! Girl power!  You know, the strange thing is, I haven't gotten my period yet. Is there a reason a woman might miss her period?

Bebe, you're paired up with Stan. Lola and Token, Red and Craig, and Esther and Bradley.  Now, I'm going to sign each of your eggs myself, so that we'll know it's the same one at the end of the week. That way if anybody cheats and tries to replace their eggs, we'll know, Eric.  All you have to do is make it to Friday with your egg unharmed to prove what great little parents you are.  Okay children, you can now take the rest of the school period to decorate your egg however you wish. Good luck, and remember, a dead baby means an F for the parents. 
Just look at all these little families
Newfound couples in a happy home.
It takes me back to another time
When I had a love of my own. 
Love, love lost long ago, it was special then, it's over now.
Love, so darn frail, you know? It shriveled and died. I don't know how.
Love, love lost long ago, it was special then, it's over now.
Guess that I'll never know how it all went wrong. How how how? 
Well perhaps I should try and boldly go and rekindle that love lost long ago.
Hello, Mr. Slave. 

-when we multiply a negative number by another negative-?

Hello, class. Here's my little desk , my nice lil chalkboard. 

...Okay, well, you're welcome, Eric. Now, just run along. 

You broke your egg?? Uh but you're partnered with a girl.

Why would they-?

What? Who's going to get attacked? Who is this?!

Millie, your husband is Craig. Powder, you and Kenny are a loving couple now.

Yeah?! Well what kind of woman can't have abortions and bleed out her snatch once a month?! You made me into a FREAK is what you did! And I want you to change me back!

Y-yes, some lice was discovered and the proper action has been taken.

That's more like it!

Because I'm a nice teacher, all right?

