You may think that making fun of Third-World countries is funny, but let me-

Whoa-kay, okay, everything is just fine, kids. Now it is important that we all stick together. Is everybody still here?

Eric, will you please, please, just keep your mouth shut while we present ourselves to the Costa Rican President?

Oh my God!! 

Eric, what the heck are you doing?? 

No, you didn't just see Tony Danza, Stanley.

Hello, everybody. This is just a little rehearsal for tomorrow, so we may be a little rusty. 

Oh, look, children! I think we're entering San José, which is the capital of Costa Rica.  Oh! This is so exciting!

Kids, this is the Costa Rican Capitol building. This is where all the leaders of the Costa Rican government make their-

Well, I'm gonna change the way you think, kiddo.

Who's not?!

We're the group singing for the "Save The Rainforest" summit tomorrow?  Oh dear, where's, where's Mr. Mackey? He should have been here by now.  Children, do any of you speak Spanish?  Don't you dare! 

Stanley, what is it?

Ogh! Thank goodness you're here; I don't speak any Spanish.

Well, it was a long trip, but the children are very excited to sing tomorrow.

Oh, it's everything I ever dreamed it would be!

Jesus Christ, is he dead?! 

You see, we take kids from all over the country and put them in a choir  where we sing and dance to raise awareness about our vanishing rainforest.

Because I'll buy you some ice cream afterwards if you do.

So, who wants to join the fun??

Oh, children, the sun is setting. We have to find our way out of here quick!

Uh, we're, uh, we're the choir? That, that was sent from... the United States?

Children, we are a national choir called, "Getting Gay With Kids!" We're gonna do a big tour down in Central America to help save the rainforest, and you can be a part of it!

Eric, sit down!

Eric, SIT DOWN!

Uh. Thank you, Mr. Garrison.  How are we all doing today?!  I can't hear you! I said, How are we all doing?! 

Excuse me?

Yeess!

Well, Mr. Pedro, this was a great tour, but I guess we should be getting back. We have a big concert tomorrow, Don't we, kids?!

And you must be Eric Cartman. I've heard about you. You don't respect nature or other cultures.

Great job, gang! You were really all over the place, Kyle.

Maybe we came from that way.  No, nno. Let's try this way. 

Oh boy! Mr. Presidente, round up your subjects outside. We have a special gift for you. The gift... uh-of song. 

Okay, children, that's all of us. We're ready to head for the Latin American nation of Costa Rica, a country filled with virgin rainforest.

Don't worry, Kelly. We're gonna find our way out of the rainforest and make it back to the concert in time. We just need to respect our mother rainforest so that she will respect us.

Oh, no! God, no, no!  Don't panic, children.

The Yanogapa are gentle native people that live in the rainforest, but bulldozers are destroying their homes. Soon, they will have nowhere to go. So we must stop bulldozing the rainforest so that they can live-!

Well, uh, that's all, really.  So, if anyone is interested in seeing the rainforest and joining our choir, I'll leave information packets up front.

Eric, Costa Rica is a Third-World country. These people are much poorer than those in the U.S.

