Oh, I'm sorry.

All right, boys, keep your heads down!  We're goin' to the mall!

Get in the house!

You know what the spirit of Christmas is? It's another lie, from the lyin' pigs that consider me the witness-!

Hey, man, don't point a gun at your own mother!

"And I guess that's what I've learned. I'm sorry for what I did, but that doesn't make up for it. I deserve to be in jail. All I hope is that I don't make mankind lose faith in itself. Yes, there's murderers in the world. There's rapists and thieves. But those are the vast minority. The majority of mankind is made up of caring people, who try every day to do what they think is right. And that's the spirit of the season." What do you think, guys?

But I gotta see what happens.

Well, Guh Good night, you guys. Happy Holidays.

Huh?!

Folks need to understand that I am terror! I am fear! I am-! Oh, hey look, another holiday special.

I've been such a bastard all these years, and I finally understand. And it it it feels great! If I feel like- I feel like I'm in my own Christmas special. You see...
Holidays are that special time
When we laugh and sing and feel warm and cozy
Forget about being angry for a day 
Remember how it felt to be a child
Opening presents on Christmas mornin' 
That's the way that we should all feel now
So I say Happy happy happy happy holy happy happy happy
Holidays

I can never make it up to the families that I destroyed, but at least I'll make an example for anyone else thinking that crime  is an answer.

But Stan, your mother and father are out there!

Hey, I didn't bust out of prison to be locked up in somebody's basement! I want some action!

I can't wait to get out among the pigs  and raise some hell.

Come on! I'll hot-wire your Grandpa's car!

Oh. He's... around.

Wow, man. That's beautiful. He was evil, but now he's good. 

Oh my God, they killed the little orange-coat kid!

Stan, I wanna talk to you about family. 

You're darn right I do.

Happy Kwanzaa, too
From me to you
Happy Holidays, you guys.

Well, how was it?

They're gaining on us! 

No, Howard. You go ahead. I've got something to say. 

You see, I get it now! I finally understand what the holidays are all about. Boys, don't you see? You can't let things get you down during the holidays, because being happy is what the holidays are all about!

You see, I had a family once. At least, I called them my family. Really, they were nothin' but a gang of people I thought were my friends. Ah after we killed a bunch of people together, I realized that my real family was who took care of me, and who took the time to care about what I did.

If they don't care about you, would they have driven nine hours to Nebraska?

Uh, I went to a beauty parlor and had my tattoo redone.  Look!

Come on, I'll buy you kids an orange Smoothie.

Good! I deserve to!

When I stand up on the mountain and say, "Do it!", it gets done! And it it don't get done, then I'll move on it! And that's the last thing in the world you want me to do.

What was that?  What the?! 

Folks, I apologize for this whole mess. I'm going to surrender. Somebody show the police a white flag.

Keep your heads down, kids! 

I'll take you! 

