Wow, it it's great!

Actually, honey, I think those little tykes are just what we need. I've got an idea.

Hi, Officer Barbrady.

It's subtle and mild. Mild, like that first splash of sun on an April  morning. This coffee is coffee the way it should be.

Wuh-okay, but corporate takeovers is a much more fertile subject.

Yes, it's all about corporate takeovers. Of course, you don't have to use it.

Bye-bye. 

Uh, Mr. Postum, I'm afraid you've got a lot to learn about making coffee.

Oh, forget it, my my store is not for sale.

Well, boys, uh. I don't mean to pry, but, if you want it, I wrote your report for you.

No, I'm- serious, hon. These boys should learn how the corporate machine is ruining America. You see, I own a coffee shop and now a great, big, multi-million dollar company is going to move in and try to take all my business, which means I may have to shut down and sell my son Tweek into slavery.

They want me to sell the store, and it's so much money.

Honey, all's fair in love and war.  And coffee. Hon? Hu-hon?

What?

Yes, it is.  They really have my balls in a juice maker.  Oh, hello, son, uh. How did your report go?

But that could put me out of business.

They really have my balls in a salad shooter.

The answer is still no, Mr. Postum. You see, when my father opened this store 30 years ago, he cared about only one thing: making a great cup of coffee.  Sure, we may take a little longer to brew a cup, and we may not call it fancy names, but I guess we just care a little more.  And that's why Tweek Coffee is still home-brewed from the finest beans we can muster. Yes, Tweek Coffee is a simpler cup, for a simpler America.

Oh, do you need some more coffee?

Oh, you're that corporate guy who's been calling.

All right.  And it can be our little secret about who wrote it, right? 

At five o'clock, the best coffee wins. Either your coffee, or a fresh, warm cup of... Tweek's coffee.  Like an old sweater that keeps getting warmer with age, you can count on Tweek's coffee to start your day. 

What do you mean?

Uh, I don't think so. My coffee shop is worth a lot to me.

How's the report going, boys?

What do you think, hon?  Hon? What's the matter? 

Really?? Well, son, you might have just saved the family business. What do you have to say about that?

Country fresh, like the morning after a rainstorm.

Hey. Hey, that is good.

Oh, hello committee members. What a surprise.

Oh, you'll do fine, son.

My pleasure. G'night, boys. 

Oh. I've got one for you. How about doing a report on how large corporations take over little family-owned businesses.

And when you come up to do it a second time, really, really clear it up, I mean, um, really, really play the sympathy angle. They'll like that. They'll be calling you, and you'll get a passing grade for it.

But, kids are great to get people on our side.

Uh I'm sorry to inform you that this town is having a vote tomorrow, and if the law passes, you're gonna be thrown out of town.

I know how you boys feel.  Sometimes a hot cup of French Roast Amaretto is just what a man needs to get him through the day. That smooth aroma and mild taste is what make Tweek coffee...  uh very special. Special, like an Arizona sunrise or a juniper wet with dew. A light rain in the middle of a dusty afternoon or a hug from your dear old aunt-- .

Yes, slavery.

Thank you, Mr. Postum, but I think we'll be happy with the money we make selling our son into slavery.

Now, when you give the report,  just make sure that you read this part first, okay? 

Oh, just some dong. What can I get for you.

I know, but if they open a Harbucks right next door, we might go out of business. They really have my balls in a vice grip. 

