There's a huge ship of some kind in Earth's orbit!  But why? Wait a minute! Chaos theory!
We're trying to get a handle on just how much gluten there is out there, but... It seems impossible to contain.
It, it's sending a transmission of some kind.  Got it! 
Whoever they are, if they're receiving messages, they might be sending them, too. Wait a minute. c-candy bars.
Ih it's simple mathematical language that can be understood throughout the solar system. Translated into our language, it looks like this. 
Ladies and Gentleman, we have recently come across an alien transmission that is being beamed throughout the entire universe.  When decoded, it looks like this. 
Butt sex requires a lot of lubrication, right? Lubrication. Lubruh... Chupuh... Chupacabra 's the, the goat killer of Mexican folklore. Folklore is stories from the past that are often fictionalized. Fictionalized to heighten drama. Drama students! Students at colleges usually have bicycles! Bi, bian, binary. It's binary code! 
That's okay. Do you have your security pass phrase you can tell me?
I'm afraid that Earth, a-all of Earth, is nothing but an intergalactic reality-TV show.
Don't you see? The show is over! The aliens are canceling Earth!
When I reversed the polarities, I found this:  It's a message that the aliens are broadcasting throughout the entire universe. But I have no idea what it says.
How do we uh, make it come out?
Oh, their ship is massive! There's no way to stop it!  Wait a minute, jackets!
It's all right, it happens all the time.
Chaos theory, ih wah, it was first thought of in the sixties. Sixty. That's the number of episodes they made of Punky Brewster before it was cancelled. Cancelled...
If people don't wear jackets they could get cold. A cold is caused by a virus. A viru- a computer virus! We could make a computer virus and send it to their ships to disable their computers!
Okay, I've got something a little different here.
This is Jeff with Wolf Home Security. Is everything all right?
