The bomb won't make it to Boston now! With the heightened security, it's only a matter of time before they find it!
Why sure, Butters. I was just about to get some breakfast. 
I think it's important to stay friends with people you've had relationships with.  And I know that Satan and my relationship is strong enough that it can handle anything.  Right?  Right.
Well, it's... just that you've washed that same dish seven times now, silly.
Well, what more do you want from me?
Backdoor Sluts 9 makes Crotch Capers 3 look like Naughty Nurses 2!
No! You have to say that a Puerto Rican man dropped you off! 
Oh no.  No! No, no, Jesus! Linda, what were you thinking?
Well then, it looks like I'm gonna have to go out shopping again. 
Yeah. Just real quick. Around the park or somethin'.
No, I just want you to go for a quick walk with me. Please?
Saddam, I get the feeling that you don't like me very much.
Oh, well I, I actually slipped down an escalator, in a mall. Those things can be pretty sketchy.
Well somebody tipped off the CIA. I don't know how much they know, but security has been heightened.
Well, I guess this means the enemy is in our own backyard, so to speak.
Oh, Jesus, no. OH, what have I done?
I just think we all need to get this out in the open.
You see, sometimes telling a little white lie is okay. Like, for instance, when you catch your father jacking off in a gay men's bath house.
So Saddam. Satan told me all about how you guys almost took over the world once.
No word yet, Tom, but it could be over the embarrassment of the boob job scar video we showed just, just now. Uh, even though the timing doesn't quite work out.
I know. I'm swamped. I've got no help here!
Well, come on, honey, I guess we should start packing up our things as well.
It just... it started as some curiosity on the Internet. I would chat with other married guys in the chat rooms and... Well the things they would talk about, Linda, I, I don't know why I found it exciting. I just did, and it, and it grew from there and it spun out of control, and- eh, ugh, DAMN YOU, INTERNET!
Us? Your family's all be the shifty-eyed ones!
Oh, but you are noble heroes. We know our thanks is enough. 
Well, our son was ab-ducted. We don't know that he's dead yet.
Excitement and revelry at South Park as a little boy has just made the General Tso's chicken joke for the one millionth time. 
Satan, I'm a '90s man. I cry when I need to. I share my feelings and I keep my mind open about everything.
I've been wanting to stop going to those places, Linda, but I couldn't. I still love you!
Well, looks like we're gonna have to do somethin' extra-special for Mommy and Daddy's anniversary this year. How about on Saturday we all go have dinner at Bennigan's!
Butters, the point is that, I think that if you told Mommy what Daddy was doing tonight, well, she might go completely insane.
Well, if you two will excuse me, I need to go and buy a certain special lady her anniversary present. Linda: I hope he means me, haha. Butters: Don't be silly, Mom. Of course he means you.
Come on, Satan. You know you can tell me anything. What's up?
Now we don't really have a choice, do we?!
We're all grown men here, Satan. I wanna just go meet this guy.
Alright, thanks, Chris. Is the weather going to turn su- 
Yes, it sure can be.  But, there are also times when distorting the truth a little, uh, is appropriate. These are called "little white lies."
Whoa-ho-ho, let, let me try.  Butters?  Butters, this is your father.
Yeah.  That's hot.  You take it!  You take it now!
Butters? Eric? Come on! We gotta get to the powder! 
Well it appears that all the other drivers have crashed and only the Vagisil car remains. Looks like you're going to win, Mr. Hamill.
Well, come on in. Dinner's just about ready.
Butters, where is the movie you were watching?
Satan. You know you're not a very good liar. You went and saw Saddam, didn't you?
Look, Satan is a very important person to me. And I know he's an important person to you, too. So don't you think it's best for us to just... try and get along? I realize that some things about me bother you. So I'd like to hear what those things are so that I can work on them.
Oh that troublemaking son of ours! Butters! Butters, you get back here or you are grounded, mister!
And now, if you'll excuse us, this family has to get to Bennigan's.
Uuh, no, but there's still some boxes coming from the movers.
But, that isn't all we have to say. You see, we learned a very important lesson tonight and it took the smarts of our young son to show us.
Satan, we're not in junior high school anymore.
Butters, you need... to leave here right now! You need to... get out of here, egeh... Go home and wait for me to talk to talk to you.
No, Linda! I don't want that lifestyle! It's just kind of an addiction. I want help. And I'm going to get help. Please, just give me a chance to make this all up to you.  We can have a normal life!
Son, I wanted to talk to you about lying.
Do you have what it takes to join the Border Patrol? Border Patrol officers are looking for volunteers to help with the reverse immigration crisis.
Shut your mouth, Butters! You'll speak when spoken to!
Yeah, but why did you decide to sponsor a NASCAR driver?
Nice to meet you, Saddam! Have a safe walk back!
Oh, I know he's got the whole bad-boy thing going. But I think that's what you were attracted to. But I can be a pretty rough tumbler myself.  Oops!  Aw, butternuts! 
The new waiter is useless. And, I think he's high.
Staples. They went to the video Staples. Where's that, Jimmy?
You bet, son. But Mommy and Daddy have something they have to do first. 
Mr. Mackey, we've done everything we can to raise compassionate children. We don't know where else to turn.
Come here, son.  I wanna have a talk with you.
Naw, Linda! Because you can't now say that the abductor is Costa Rican!  You have to learn to keep it straight!
Hey look, this trailer goes right into a building. 
I've been lookin' all over for you. I have to tell you somethin' that might make you... a little mad.
It's okay. It's okay. I, uh, I, I understand. ...I do.
I'm just... I'm just trying to be a little more naughty in bed. I uh... I know that's what you like about sex with Saddam. I'm just... showin' you that I can be that way, too.
I'll be back in a little bit.  Butters, you're in charge of the house.
My lies may have been deceitful, but your lies cover up something much more horrible than anything I ever did! 
We know, but... he hasn't been home since last night. The police have been looking everywhere, but...  Well, thank you. Uh, please, let us know if you find out anything. 
Come on, Satan. We're all adults here. He was an important person in your life, for better or for worse. So, I wanna know him. If he sees that I'ma real person too, then... well, maybe he'll see how happy we are together.
Hey, it's alright. All that matters is that I'm back, and we're together forever. Right?
Satan. Can we go for a walk in the park?
Butters! Oh Butters! Could you come and see me in my study real quick?
Oh, well, tell them I'm leavin' their check on the counter. 
Hoof. Well, I don't know about you guys, but all that ginger made me tired.
No, you see, Linda and I found this ad where you can get two night free at a condo in Aspen if you attend a time-share presentation..
Yeah, but Dad, why would you invite an ex-girlfriend to dinner?
That's right, let's get these terrorists to their rooms.  But first,  maybe we can grab some burgers.
So you see, there was no "Some Puerto Rican Guy." He doesn't exist. And so the people we owe the biggest apology to are the Ramseys, Congressman Condit, and O.J. We gave you false hope for finding the person who hurt those close to you and, we're sorry. Now we're just happy we won't have to live a life of secrets. For I knew that even though some of you supported us, some others were looking at me and thinking, "You're a liar! You're a LIAR!"  "You know somethin' that you're not telling us, you slimy, scumbag liar!"  Eh you know, that's what people would say to me. And then people would see my wife at the supermarket and they would say, "Hello," but they'd be thinking, "Ah, there goes that MURDERER!"  "You got away with MURDER you murdering, lying, waste of life!"  And to me, people might say things like,  "LIAR! Tell us what you know you God-damned liar!"  And so, to both of us, people all over town would be saying things like,  "You know God-damn well what happened to your kid, so stop acting like victims, and confess, you MURDERING MURDERERS!"  "CONFESS!"  "LIAR! CONFESS!"  You know, and, that's what people would be saying to us, and so, we just had to come forward and tell the truth.
Butters,  look what we have for you to watch: The Lord of the Rings.
Come on Jimmy, we don't have a lot of time.
Well, you know what I think we should do? I think we should all get together and just talk, like adults.
Well, sorry isn't gonna make it this time, mister! You know, your grandmother saw the show and had a mild stroke!
Are you almost ready to set off the bomb?
Well you're the one who couldn't back it up wit a description, stupid!
We... have an announcement to make, um. Our son has been returned to us. 
Do you have a couple of minutes to go for a walk?
Oooo, little crime stoppers, huh? Well, I'm afraid I don't have any crimes I need solved right now.
Mr. Cartman, congratulations, the theme park is yours. 
You see, I've been deceiving my wife for several months. I was going to gay movies and bathhouses and having sex with random men who were complete strangers.
No-huih, no, Butters. Oh, son, why...  Oh... Uh, we're gonna need you to tell a little white lie about where you've been though, alright?
And we were thinking, since they've all become such close friends, how great it would be for us to all go together to Aspen for a ski weekend.
Hello everyone. Have any of you seen our son?
Yes, the other drivers are not going to be happy about this. What do you think, Mr. Hamill?
This can't be happening! This is a bad dream.
Satan, what the heck is wrong with you?
Hey, don't forget that I'm covering for you! 
Say Butters, m-I'm havin' real trouble finding an anniversary present for Mom. Any ideas?
