What keeps a family together, Butters?!

Bring him back? W-What are you talking about?

Yes, I'd like to return this drone. 

Aw, go to hell, you griefer!

Thank you so much for taking him in.

What, uh-? My God. You're right, Linda. This is what we get for deceiving our son.

It has to do with... biology.  You've... maybe noticed that Butters isn't... exactly like other kids.

Oh, we certainly are. We're thrilled to learn he's so very talented.

Yes. Our little Butters is flowering. He has reached the age of panua.

Girlfriend?

Look, I I need we need to find a way out under the city.

So-so that's it? No two hundred million dollars? Well, Butters, I hope you're happy!

Do you have any idea how grounded you are about to be, mister?!

You probably think Butters seems somehow... different.

All right, damn you! The children can come in!

Butters, you've reached the age where you must journey to your birthplace for the ceremony of hapa noa.

Oh hey Peterson, buying fishsticks, I see.

Here you go, son. Eat!

Aaagh! Get it off of me!

Butters. Are you having liposuction surgery? Tell me the truth!

Shoot it! 

And you can just sit here in your room and think about what you've done!  Just because people try and make football a little safer by changing a kickoff rule doesn't mean YOU need to take it to "Oh, who don't we just drink each other's cum?"! Sarcasm like that is homophobic, chauvinistic, and completely lacking in maturity! Any questions?!

Butters, this is your father! Explain why you snuck into another boy's bedroom and gave him a hickey!  Butters?! Butters, you will open this door right now!

Get off the roof! 

Oh my God! These people don't even know!  Hurry! You gotta go!

What are your friends doing here?!

It's because he is.  His mother and I... his whole family were... we're not of this place.

Oh no, mister! You are GROUNDED! 

And that's your excuse?!

Why are they turning?

Uh okay, that's probably good, Gerald.

Just follow me to the basement.

All right, I don't know what's gotten into you, mister, but you're gonna-  Ah!

Look Garrison, my wife didn't want a penis in the house. I had to get it out.

Now, honey, we were trying to read. 

Well how gay is he?

Please, I just want another hobby to get enthused about.

You think I didn't try that? I pulled out the SD card. It was all erased. Somehow it erased everything.

Well, Butters, how'd it go? Did you dig up two hundred million dollars' worth of coal?

It's called "working" young man! Your grandfather was a coal miner for fifty years; he never complained! Get out there and start digging!

I'm confused. Why this holiday special and what is it?

Where... where am I?

Hoh, women. Always afraid of penises. 

Oh, shut up!

So now you feel better? Ghosts don't exist and there's nothing to be afraid of. Except the super-AIDS.

There's something over there!

Butters, what on earth has gotten into you?!

Nothing, son. It's nothing. Get back to sleep, pal. Love you.

We can't go back out, Linda! It's too late for him!

Butters, listen. The whole future self thing, well, it was a dirty fib.

I'm just checking in on you, Butters.  Heh- Do I hear the television? We told you no television while you're grounded!

Inside.  I've been going over it and over it in my head. I thought Butters and I were alone, but then I saw you on the news.  Another drone hobby enthusiast whose drone was blamed for something the enthusiast didn't recall doing. Randy, this is very important. Is it possible that you did something contrary to the proper code of conduct for drone-flying enthusiasts?

Butters! Butters!!  BUTTERRRRS!

Butters?

What's the red sticker?

Now, Butters, there's no such thing as ghosts.

What are you, Peterson? A gay fish? 

That does it! You are grounded for two weeks, you got that?!

Who's seeing dead people?

That's right!  If you keep putting food under the wrong letter, it all goes wrong!  Now you will reorganize this entire pantry, and you will do it right!

Yes, us, the rest of the family.

Yeess.

No, no, wait a minute,  that's ridiculous.  What we need to do is just the opposite. Freedom of speech is at stake here, don't you all see?  If anything, we should ALL make cartoons of Mohammad, and show the terrorists and the extremists that we are all united in the belief that every person has a right to say what they want! Look, people, it's... been real easy for us to stand up for free speech lately. For the past few decades we haven't had to risk anything to defend it. But those times are going to come! And one of those times is right now. And if WE... aren't willing to RISK... what we have, then we just believe in free speech, but we don't defend it. 

I built this bunker in case McCain lost! There isn't enough room for everyone!

YOU THINK YOU'RE TOUGH NOW?! ANSWER ME!!! 

Yes, we did have to ground him for the language in the novel of course.

Yeah! You drive that damn SUV around! You didn't even think about global warming, DIDJA?!

Darling, Paris is a billionaire. She can give Butters everything he wants. We'd be terrible parents not to consider it.

Don't lie to me, Butters! I know your secret now! No wait, wait. It's okay. It's okay, Butters. This isn't a serious problem. You're just bi-curious.

What?

You know that's not allowed!

Sorry, son, but... you're a demon spawn now. You're an abomination.

Not an emo chick on her period, Butters. Like a salmon needing to swim back upriver. All Hawaiians feel it. It is called "hapahui apahoha", and it means it's now your time to make your trip to our island home. You must do your walkabout to your homeland, Butters. And you must do it alone.  Take this, son. It is our Mahalo Rewards card. It will provide you with all you need. And now I must turn my back on you. 

Hello son. Don't you worry. Daddy's gonna make everything all right again.  There he is. There's my boy! Come on, Butters!  Oh... Butters... you smell like... bacon  Don't worry. We're gonna bring you back, son. We're gonna bring you back!

Butters, you are grounded!

But we are very very proud nonetheless.

Just wait till we get you home, you little fibber!

Butters, will you mind telling us why you're dressed up like a bear?!

No, see, you just get the Handicar app. It uses GPS to locate where you are, and the Handicar comes and picks you up.

Well, there goes the new high-and-mighty Gerald Broflovski.

I hope you don't blame me for all that. I mean, the ad ...did... just say a thirty-minute presentation.

Butters, Daddy loves you. Just remember that... he always loved youuu... 

Have fun waiting in line, suckers! Woohoohoo!

They're... they're leading them away!

Now do you believe us, Butters?

Butters, never get into a car with a stranger! Unless it's a limousine.

WHAT?! Are you trying to get yourself in more trouble with that kind of language?!

A secluded camp where lots of bi-curious boys are all put together? That sounds like a good idea.

I can't go on! Feel so... hot.

There's our boy. 

It's gone, dear. It's gone. Forgive me.

Yes, we have the special passes to use the exclusive lift from the time-share company?

We'll talk about that when you're older!

Well? Any luck?

Timmy!

Your girlfriend?

But he could have faked it. It isn't fair!

Butters! What have you done?!

It's good to see Butters finally have a friend that wants to stay over.

Butters, did you hear the drone making any sounds in the garage?

No. No, this can't happen! No! 

Yes. Those boys are quite imaginative. Leave it to them to find a fun way to do the dishes. 

Butters, we heard a rumor that you might have a little girlfriend?  Sally Darson?

Oh butter! Oh Butters, I miss you so much! 

There you are, Butters!

I think it's best we try to reason with it.

Son of a bitch, it's him all right!

Look, if you... if you do find the Internet, let us know, will ya?

Hey! Butters, we are talking to you! Explain yourself, mister! 

You're saying if I... dig up my son's body and rebury him at the... old Indian Burial Ground, that I-

All right! Now you listen, and you listen good! Until you stop behaving this way, you are not going to leave this room! Do you understand?!

Here we are, everyone. 

Alright, you can take the paper bag off.

Did you use your mother's makeup?! She's gonna be furious!

Butters, these things happen all the time. You've got a very active little brain and your mind was just playing tricks on you.

Well you're getting it now!

Yes? What is it, officer?

I know you do, but there's no more room, I tell ya!

Damn you, it's not just our wives anymore!  This morning, he came for me. I opened the door. It was the UPS man. He had a box from Amazon. I looked inside and found an adapter for an iPhone and then I remembered: I had ordered it! I ordered it the day before and I had barely any recollection. The UPS man is using his powers to try to have sex with me now.

Hey now hold on. I am a drone hobby enthusiast. I would never use my drone in a way that contradicts the drone hobbyist code of conduct.

Gerald's right. We all have to face it. Cats are deadly animals! If you stick your nose up their crotch and snort their piss, they can kill you!

That's right son. There's only one thing I care about.

Hurry! You gotta go!

You didn't know? Anyone can be a Handicar driver now. All you have to do is get your own wheelchair and you can earn a Handicap. I've had my Handicap for about three days now. Get on in.  I'm telling you Gerald, havin' a Handicar is a grat way to make some money on the side. 

That should keep him busy for a while while we get this transaction finished. Now, Ms. Hilton, how should we start? 

I don't know, but it's clear it isn't our parenting! We're awesome! He must have mental problems. I think we'd batter have him checked out, Linda.

Randy, have you called the people from the Guinness Book of World Records? I mean, this might seriously be the biggest crap in history!

You see, Butters, women know that they can make men do anything by flirting. And some girls, like these, turn that into a profession.

I swear I didn't fly it.

It's him.

Oh God the medication isn't working!

Linda? Linda, please come downstairs.

And what about the families of the victims of 9/11? Their feelings matter for another ten months, damn it!

It's really terrifying. We... we've got no money to pay our mortgage now. We could very easily lose our house!

Well, I guess that wasn't enough! You get up to your room right now, mister!

Linda, I did it for you, you wanted him back so much! So did I!

Put that bag back on!

Just keep the door locked, honey. Butters can't be a house hermit his whole life.

It worked, Linda. Our son is groundable once more. 

The world of transportation is really changing, Gerald.

Principal Victoria, this isn't Butters' fault.

Butters, what is going on?!

Oh, it's just a little penis, darling.

Well well well! I had to see it to believe it! 

All right Butters, let's... it's happy feelings, let's just not talk about it.

No, no, I wouldn't say that. It's just maybe... well, uh... maybe Obama will be all right.

Well, our son is a perfect void-filler. It's nice that he finally has your sons to be his best buddies!

It's our people's way, Linda, you know that better than I do!

Now darling, calm down.

Go up to your room, now! 

Oh boy, I think I know what's happened. Our son hasn't learned yet that girls will pretend to like him for money.

John Lennon's dead, Butters.

O-all right!

Who do out children think they are?! Blocking our TV content?!

Oh my God! My, my only son, reduced to this! 

What?!

Well you know somethin'? So do I. 

Wish we could live in New York where all the musicals are.

Time to end this hobby once and for all!  No! NOOOO!

This is all your fault, Jimbo!

You see? I told you he wouldn't turn out gay.

Butters! What are you doing?!

Everyone into the community center! Hurry! Go!

There you are, Butters!

Oh God look!

Butters, what is wrong with you??

Oh. Well uh, that's okay Butters. Remember what we talked about. Sometimes our happy, creamy filling just gets soo full it comes out at night.

He's become something, Linda. Something that... we cannot ground.

What can I do, Father?

Hooray for Gerald! 

Butters? 

What?! An Asian turf war- Butters! You are grounded!

Hello Matt

Butters, are you home??

It's all over, Linda! The country as we know it is about to change. We're all dead.

I think he's definitely going to jail. I just love seeing smug celebrities get their comeuppance.

Uh, we got a little held up at the time-share sales office.

Really amazing.

No, it's impossible. He's not allowed to fly it without my supervision. 

Yes, it must feed.

Oh, hey Randy.

How?

Perhaps... he is the Economy's only Son, sent to save us.

Ask her what's happening.

Anybody got a Blackberry? Check Drudge Report.

Is it over, Randy?! We all saw that crap you took! That was no fluke! There's something inside you that made you able to do it! Randy, you have a gift. Now who knows why God chose you, but he did! And if you walk away now, you'll always... wonder... how big a crap you could have taken!

It's strange. I don't recall him really doing anything particularly bad, and yet... and yet he is grounded.  And no bouncing the racquetball either!

A disgusting, violating trend is taking over our city, our state, our nation. Queefing has become an acceptable evil.

Butters? Butters, whatever is troubling you, this isn't the answer. Look at all these people who've come out for you! Just come down, son, and... we promise we won't ground you for more than a couple of weeks.

Father Maxi, I... just don't know where else to turn. You see, I've just learned that my son is... bi-curious.

Then that's it. There's only one way to reduce smugness. We've gotta destroy every hybrid car in town! 

So, Paris, I understand you're from the prestigious Hilton family. Very nice hotels.

I had to, Linda. If there was even the slightest chance it would bring him back! I don't know. I don't know what I'm doing anymore!

Let's just stay back- STAY BACK! We don't have any more room in the Ark. 

Well, would you mind telling me why there's Rice-A-Roni in my coffee?!

We can learn, Randy. There's talk of a child. Word is he will teach Minecraft to anybody for the right price.

Well, you wanna get shot or you wanna be grounded?!

That's right. There's no reason to be afraid of things that aren't real. There's plenty of real things to be scared of. Like super-AIDS.

You can go outside and play, son.

Butters was with us all night, Officer Barbrady.

Butters!

Hey. Hey that's right.

Yeah. We figure that if our boys are goona be great friends, we should all get to be friends, too.

Huh?

How do you know she's not? I mean, think about it: this is a guy who visits all our houses during the day, who clearly has a kind of... insatiable lust... I mean, somebody who would have sex with Kyle's mom would have sex with just about anything!

Yeah, and it's cheaper than a taxi. I'm telling you, it's the future of transportation. Oh, here it comes.  Honey, our Handicar is here.

Our Linda certainly knows her way around a pork.  What's the matter, Butters?

You should have never come to our town! 

Now we don't know that. Maybe enough time has passed that it is now OK to show Muhammad in public.

I know that what I feel for you is just some kind of spell.

Butters, play!  Start playing right now, young man! 

He's... paying for everyone's debts. 

Well, sure, I guess. We'll go make some tea.

I'll always remember Betsy Donovan's kind nature, more than anything. She always treated people with dignity and respect.  What a tragedy she had to leave us so soon. But I'm sure Betsy is hoping that her death will help women everywhere, just take that extra second to look before they sit on a toilet. 

I'll never give up!  I don't even remember doing this! Just leave me alone!

Oh, well, too bad.  Ms. Hilton did raise the money, so you'll be going off with her.

...Same thing.

Excuse me?!

Hehey! 

Yes, we found that in his pocket. 

Doctor, what can we do? Should we ground him?

What was the show about?

What kind of work do you do, Mr. Jefferson?

Butters?

Butters?

Well, this looks like a lovely meal. Too bad Butters won't be enjoying it. You hear that, mister?! No dinner for you! While you're grounded you can just GO TO BED HUNGRY! Linda, do you remember why Butters is grounded? What what did he do?

What's the matter? Didn't you boys like skiing? 

Can you believe it?

What?!

Well Dr. Janus?

I, don't know.

Randy. We need to talk.

AAAARH! Buh. Bu-Butters, did you get gay with one of your schoolmates tonight?!

There! Look!  It's the Jew. Somehow he got a platinum AmEx with no spending limit.

Come on. Don't watch it eat. 

Yeah, let's kill God, yeah!

Only haoles pronounce it Hawaii, Butters, but those of us from Hava'i are a very special people. We have many customs and traditions to keep our culture alive.  We drink chi-chi's from the coconut. We eat poke that the Safeway provides. And when we've chosen a mate, we marry at the fern grotto, as your mother and I did so... very long ago. As a Stotch, Butters, you are actually Hawaiian royalty. Your grandma and grandpa were there at the time of the King. 

Alright, then, it's settled. Tomorrow we'll find an outside counselor and... find out the truth.

Uh, sweetheart, isn't Paris Hilton worth a lot of money?

Who are you?

My name is Stephen Willis Stotch. The drone that took the video of Craig's mom... was my drone. I didn't want to believe it, but they do things without us knowing. At this point, I have completely lost all enthusiasm for the hobby.  All of you with drones, please listen to me. Three days ago my drone recorded a video that something uploaded to the Internet. We all were told to respectfully not watch the video. But on the page,  it has over three hundred million views, so if none of us watched it, who did?  We have to find a way to get rid of them! Before they get rid of us!

Timmy! Oh hi, Gerald, Sheila.

Well, no, you can't make men sit down to pee. How could we play sink the boat?

Look, something's wrong with it. It does things, it...  flies by itself.

Get out! You're not safe!

No, I think you'd better call a doctor. I'll ground him.

Yes, I'm... I'm not into the hobby anymore.

I knew they'd come back for us!

Well that was a lot of fun. Thanks for inviting us, guys.

Just let me sign.  All right, he's coming to you.

I assure you, my drone is sitting in the garage. I'll show you.

No. All the phone lines are completely down. 

Well Butters, I guess we might as well go home. Looks like you're never gonna change.

Butters, you have five seconds to unlock this door!  One! Two!  Uhh, Bu-Butters?

Butters started an Asian turf war!

A penis?

It's still here, ih... it's all still here.

Well, speak of the devil.

Ms. Hilton, we've talked it over all night and... while your offer is enticing, I'm afraid we just can't sell you our son for two hundred million dollars.  It'll have to be two hundred and fifty million, cash, up front.

That's great, Randy!

I'll tell you why!  Our pantry is always kept organized alphabetically! But somebody put the Hamburger Helper where the Nestle Quik is supposed to go!

Jacking it? Jacking what?

Come on Randy, just build him the warp drive and he'll leave us alone.

Oh my gosh! Linda!

Randy, Randy! Your son's on the phone!

That's my son. Is there a problem, officer?

Don't worry, Butters. We just wanna say hi and then we'll leave you two alone.

O-hoo no Butters! You got an advance two days ago. 

Don't you see what they're doing? This is just another example of corporations trying to keep down people with handicaps!

Oh, well, Butters, that's just the friendly compass. See, whenever you have friends in the area, your little compass there tells you where they are. It's pointing up because Jesus is your friend.

No, screw that! Can't we just learn this Minecraft game so we can get around our kids' parental lock?

We're here tonight to pay tribute to a woman who overcame humiliation, who rose above the monsters invading her privacy and said "No more!" Just when it seemed that we were about to live in a world controlled by drones, she did something miraculous. And someday, our children's children will still be telling stories about how Craig' mom flew through the town and led all the drones away. 

DON'T YOU HI MOM AND DAD US YOU LITTLE PUNK!!! "(Punch)"

All right, Butters, tell you what: if you can raise the two hundred and fifty million dollars yourself, you can stay.

Well you'd better stop having nightmares or eles you're gonna be grounded!

That's right. A new form of AIDS which is resistant to drugs. Just one teaspoon of super-AIDS in your butt and you're dead in three years.

Please, just try to understand that for our people it's a very private matter. He can't be helped by your discipline; this must be dealt with by his own kind. If it's all right with you, we'd like an extended leave for our boy. Please. It's a cultural thing.

Please do not adjust your televisions!

What are you talkin' about?

The entire town has given over to your ways, Mr. Chairman. Everyone has even stopped using electricity so as to stop paying electrical bills.

We can't just leave them out there.

I thought it was just my drone, but I think it might be all of them.

Yes, and more than three billion times his net worth. Everybody adores that girl, darling. We should be nice to her too, especially if she's in love with our son! 

There, you see? It's right there. 

Butters?!

I know, darling, but look: we have to think about the rest of the family.

Hey boys! We're all going to Aspen for the weekend!

It's Butters. He's not grounded anymore.

Ohhh! Oooooo! Ohhh!

Uh, Butters, can we have a little talk with you? Outside?

It could come back.

Butters, away from the window! You are being grounded!

Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth! Our drone flew! The battery was drained! The SD card was erased! Butters was the only other person who had access to it! Butters can't use the drone without my supervision! So where does that leave us, Randy??

Oh God, it's terrible. What have I done?!

Your teacher's penis?

This isn't happening!

I'll get it. 

You don't understand. It was in the garage and the battery was fully charged. Someone said they'd seen it flying around, so I checked.  The battery was half empty.

Oh. Well don't fart on Grandma. She's tryin' to enjoy her ham.

You're going to be okay Butters! You hear me?! YOU ARE GOING TO BE OKAY! 

Butters, how long have you been doing stuff like this?

There you are, mister! Just what do you think you're doing?!

No. I don't know why or how, but... it's over.

Download the app! It works great! 

You're back. You're back-he's back!  I love you son!

Here. Here, you see? It's going to be all right. Hello... son. 

Ah, Butters, why don't you take Paris up to your room for a little while, uh, Mommy and Daddy have to talk.

You see?

Butters, right now!

And even if you did, what then? You can't drive anywhere.

Your friends wanted to see you, Butters.

There you are, Butters! Do you know what time it is?! Where have you been?! 

Butters! Do you have an explanation for this?!

Go go go go back the other way! 

You see this, Butters?! It's a glass of milk I poured for myself! And you see this?!  It's Hamburger Helper! Now would you mind telling me what Hamburger Helper is doing in this glass of milk?!  Why is Hamburger Helper in a glass of milk, Butters?!

Butters, how do you know what your teacher's penis looks like?

What the hell is this?!

I've never heard of one that big.

We thought the ends justified the means, but they don't. They just... don't, son! 

What happened to him, Doctor?

Look, the point is that this is your opportunity to make Handicar- oops, sorry.  Hold on, sorry, went too far.  This is your opportunity to make Handicar thee transportation of thte future. Think what you could do with all that money. 

Butters!

