God-damnit! You stupid god-damned son of a bear, you've taken your last Squirt! Do you hear me?!
You think you can stop me from getting my chutzpah badge, you stupid bear?! Think again!
Okay, Squirts, let's see what you made macaroni pictures of. Ishmael?
We are Jew Squirts, we know JewishStick stick smiley smiley Stick stick smiley smileydur dur dur dur dur--Hold it, Squirts! This is where we'll set our trap. Everyone remember your squadron. Alpha-5 and Gamma-7 will be on recon teams. Alpha will take left flank and flush the bear out of sector three. Once we're in position, I want constant contact between all squad leaders. We'll flush him out and we'll attack him! 
That bear thinks he can outsmart me! Well, I'm not gonna let a stupid bear get the--  Hold! Look over there!  It's one of the Squirts the bear took. Maybe he's okay.  It's a trap!!  Damn! Damn, damn, damn! Okay, bear, that does it! You wanna kill all the Squirts?! You can have 'em! I give up! I don't need my chutzpah badge, or Jew Scouts, or any of this crap! Forget it!
Because that's what Squirts do! Now, shut your pie-hole!
Okay, Squirts, the elders have given us a very important task tonight. We are all going to make macaroni pictures, like this one,  using dry macaroni, paper, and glue.
...You don't make a macaroni picture of the Last Supper at a Jewish camp!  What the geez?  Oh my God, it's that bear they've been talking about!  Where did it go?! Squirts, go grab your gear! We're gonna hunt us a bear! Then I'll get my chutzpah badge for sure!
I'm the Squirt leader. I don't want to be the Squirt leader, but I don't have a choice; it's the only way I can earn my chutzpah badge. So I gotta spend all night instructing Squirts.
Oh, no!  Oh, God!  Oh, the bear took a Squirt. Oh, I'm gonna get it now!
Remember, this is only a bear. All we have to do is stick together, and we can spend the rest of the night making bear sandwiches!  Where's Zigmal?
Elder Schwartz, I lost the Squirts! I lost all the Squirts!  Well, screw you too! I don't need your Chutzpah badge anyway! Hello? 
Now, we'll just see how Mr. Bear likes rat poison.  Well now, that'll be enough to kill a stupid bear. Okay, raise the tray!  Chutzpah badge, here I come.  Yikes!  Okay, here he comes. Easy now. Easy, Squirts.  Okay, Squirt, lower the tray.  That's it. That's it, you god-damned stupid bearface! 
