Keep shooting it!

Thanks. 

Why wouldn't it be? I'm sorry, but I asked to be left alone?

Uh, c-c-come on in, darling.  Thank, thank you boys. 

The Hope Diamond, rated #4 of the ten most precious diamonds in the world. Going street value, Middle-Eastern market, of course, two hundred and ten million dollars.

I decided to hang it up, maybe give this President thing a shot.

I don't waste time, gentlemen. I've only got two months to figure out how I wanna redecorate, if you know what I mean. You know, change the drapes and stuff.

It's been a long time coming, but tonight, because of what we did on this date in this election at this defining moment, change has come to America.

Enough! We need to find the wizard alien and break his spell.

All right, McCain. I'm in.

Did you really not like pretending to be married?

Who knows? Maybe we could change a few things. What do you say?

All right, everyone. We're about to go. So here's the revised schedule: 4:40 a.m., the team gathers at the northwest exit of the museum.  4:45 a.m., Michelle hacks the optical relay, allowing me access to the rear doors.

I'm already on it.  Boom baby.

Come on. You have to admit we had some fun.

Independence Hall... Independence Day... Aliens... Gentlemen, I might know what's causing the sex addiction outbreak. This is highly classified, but... in 1947 a flying saucer was discovered in Roswell, New Mexico. Two deceased alien bodies were recovered and hidden from public knowledge. They carried... a virus with them. A virus that only barely stopped from spreading all over the country.

All done. Thanks. 

Which would mean that the alien is also a wizard.

We watched... as sex addiction ran rampant through our country. It devastated families. But once again, our great country has risen up as one. The wizard alien... is dead. Sex addiction is no more. And if a rich celebrity is caught again trying to screw lots of women, we will know it isn't because men are just like that, it's because a wizard alien has cast his mighty spell. 

My wife?

Michelle, there's something I need to tell you.

If there is anyone out there tonight who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible, who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time, who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer. 

The birthplace of our country.

Sasha and Malia, I love you both more than you can imagine, and you have earned the new puppy that's coming with us to the White House. We will name him "Sparkles".

Almost ungettable. The diamond is kept in the Smithsonian Natural History Museum, long considered to be the most thief-proof structure ever built.  The Diamond Wing Is protected by impenetrable walls of two-foot wide steel. On the northeast side, a seven-five laser system.  There's simply no side of the Smithsonian that can be breached.

Always workin' the angles.

Hey uh, you guys go ahead. I just came to say goodbye.

It's the only explanation that makes any sense. 

God she's awesome.

Michelle and I head back into the tunnel and the hole is patched.  5:15 a.m., I walk out of the Oval Office with the diamond securely hidden in my anus.

I'd like to see the Oval Office, please?

We've spent ten years putting this plan together. If we are indeed the greatest thief club in the world-

-we won't get caught.

5:13, the guards open the southwest door, checking the museum for any bombs.  5:14, McCain, dressed as a football player, enters security and shuts off the diamond case alarm. 

Did you catch that, Davis?

Can't get it to from the top because a polymer shelf runs the entire expanse.

Quick, give that boy a gun! 

Could have been I didn't make that flight.  What do you say, Michelle? Would you and your girls like to move into the White House with me? You know, settle down, just be President and First Lady for a while.

So we must keep our nation's youth away from money and success.

Oh no.  McCain? We've got a problem. 

I will need absolute privacy, is that understood?

Shoot it boys!

I'm in the tunnel now, Sarah. I should be almost below the museum.

The alien wizard hiding out here! Come on, we've got tuh- 

4:46, from inside I can open the doors and let in the rest of the crew.  5:10 a.m., at the Department of Power Quincy shuts down the grid, disabling power to the vault room. 5:12, my grandmother who faked her death on Monday calls in a bomb threat to the museum.

Alright, everyone to the stairwell. The bastard's gotta be upstairs. 

We have a turd in the punch bowl.

We hired a guy for that a couple of months ago. 

Is there a problem, gentlemen?

You played it perfectly, there was no way.

Ohoh man that was perfect! 

