We know, Mr. Mackey. We all have our Belarus bracelets too. 

Yeah, didn't you see that commercial where it says that if you have pot you could become a terrorist?

No.

Hey, I hate Cartman too. Can I ignore him with you?

That was it? That was you guys' whole plan? Ask the Russians to take the whale to space?

Meatloaf?

Some kid.

Not all that bad? How could you say that?! You hate this game more than any of us!

Hey, that could work.

...I don't think that's a very good idea, sir.

I wanna use it.

Dad, I'm supposed to get in a fight tomorrow.

You just wind up being sent by the government to take down the city of Lima only to wind up in the land of the giants lost world.

Yeah. Boooo!

...Nope.

Why would he say that?

Stuff just happens.

Whoa..

Where?

Jewpa what?

Oh, here come the butch boys to help their butchy little friend!

Just get out of the hamster ball, or else you're gonna find out!

Red Racer's on.

Oh. 

Was there ever a moment when you guys first came up with the genius plan to become a Peruvian flute band that any of you said "Hey, you know? This plan might backfire."  No, that never occurred to you. Because you guys are jerks, and you never learn from your mistakes, and that's why everyone at school thinks you guys are assholes.

They did it!

What?

Aha!  There you are! You guys thought you were so cool, didn't you?! Well look at what we got! 

That's right. 

You don't think they put the fat tub of tard at the bottom?

We're still gonna fight on Black Friday, just not with you!

Oh my God!

Every time bad things happen, you guys end up putting yourselves deeper into the middle of it, because "that's just the way it is."

Only the six of us are to go?

Oh, aaaah, well you guys are dumb.

What are you talking about?

That would be great. Thank you.

Where did you find a red-haired cow?

What?

No.

Is so!

Ha, that guy's a pussy. 

What?

It's not somebody in this room.

Oh yeah?! We're super duper triple-dog gay!

Can we please just go home, sir?

Wow, Kenny's a Japanese princess.

The guinea pirate lived, but was taken to prison to live out the rest of his days.  And people all over the world learned to support their local Peruvian flute bands, and buy their CDs. For they protect us from the guinea creatures. As for me, I was returned home by Homeland Security.  My parents were sooo happy.  I realized that we don't always have control over what happens to us.  We are but players on the stage of life. And I also learned to never listen when people come asking you for money. 

Let's go take it!

How do we know it was a boy? It could just have easily been one of you stupid girls!

You... sure you wanna go to Treasure Cove?

It could hold a mental spell of some kind.

Yeah Mom! We're proud of who we are.

Look out! 

Huh?

Where's our five dollars?

Take your non-flaming ass to some other school! 

Wait, wait. What are you talking about, XBox Ones? 

Butters is one of those people who you can never remember if he was there or not.

Take that, kindergartners!

Just give him half.

At first we needed our parents' permission, but then we told him our parents were dead.

Haha, Butters got asked out by a fat girl.

That son of a bitch, I'll kill him!

Aaaaaaaaaaaahh, no.

That's the point, buttpipe.

Wow, that's pretty trippy.

Whoa, what's this thing? Where am I?

Butters is right on the other side.

...Okay. 

Well I thought I was crazy. He said my dad was gonna sneak into my room naked one night and beat me up.

Dude, what's the matter with him?

Dude, this game rules.

Have a nice second half of the day, nerdo!

You wanted to see me, Mr. Meryl?

I wouldn't if I were you.

Urh urh urh! 

Nothing broke on the Web site yet.

...So it's true.

So how do we take over Black Robin?

Butters! Where the hell are you?!

What are you guys doing here?

Yeah, a fifth-grade girlfriend.

I like you Jimmy, but you're not gonna win this. Consider yourself lucky he's only asking for half.

This is fun. Let's walk for miles through a spooky jungle. It just keeps getting better and better.

Tom Saltzman says you don't really have an iPad.

Maybe we should take it so someplace safer.

Whenever I'm confused about what's going on in a movie, I'm always so relieved when Morgan Freeman shows up and explains the plot to me.

You told us your company was gonna make $10 million, and the rest of us could go fuck ourselves.

Huh?

HA! Told you you guys were straight!

Can we have some food, please? 

Sure is!

Oh, that's awesome.

Hey, butch boy. Nice football you got there. 

I uh...

Hey. Hey, I got one.  Why do girls wear makeup and perfume?

This is the end of Smiley Town. The only phone is somewhere in Treasure Cove. If you wanna find it, you're gonna have to cross the white line.

I didn't say anything.

Yeah, little bitch!

Cartman's right. If you care about fairness, Stan, then you really have to lose the bracelet.

Hey Clyde. Nice score, dude.

Okay, okay!

Craig Tucker, 2.4 inches. Yeah, that's about right.

No! He's my friend!

He killed my character right in the middle of a quest!

Hey, there he is! There's the home-schooled kid!  Come on! Let's go duct-tape him to the flagpole! 

Haha.

I'm not following you guys any more.

Why?

Ugh.

Could somebody toss the football back? Its over there next to the ugly kids. 

You guys!  You guys!

How was that cheating!

No.

For what?

Hey Token. If you're gonna get Kyle to video that stuff for you, you should probably tell him the truth.

Yep. And if I had wheels, I'd be a wagon.

No way.

Hey gang, I brought the new episode of wide angle, close-up animals. 

Sir, I promise you, I'm not going to ruin your plans. I'll just walk away. See? 

I don't know. Why?

You guys look pretty gay.

They're still undecided.

Then why'd you crap on Garrison's desk?

No you don't!

Hey, did you see today's newspaper?

Oh man, I can't watch this.

With the lice exam. Did they find anybody with lice? 

...But I hate you.

Everyone knows it's true!

So,  how would you ninjas like to do battle?

I thought we were getting Playstation 4's.

Because whoever it is just now posted a new story on Eavesdropper: "Allison Taft reveals embarrassing secret about Craig Tucker."  Yeah. Hey wait, that's me.

Okay.

Have you guys noticed that Bebe isn't as cool as she used to be? 

Tom Saltzman says you just glued a piece of glass to an iPad cover and you're faking it. 

Yeah. We're paying for your being fat.

Ohhhh.

That's true, huh? Man, that makes me really reflect on my pet.

What do you guys want?

...Yeah.

Word is that the sixth graders all prefer XBox too, and will team up with Cartman as well.

Oh hey guys. Heard about your news show being cancelled.

...Fine.

I'm gonna kick your ass!

Can't believe it.

You know when stuff happens to most kids? They fall off their bikes. They get in fights with their parents. They get swindled out of their birthday money.

He's the luckiest kid in the world. If I could say "shitballs" to the principal I'd be sooo happy.

Hell no! I'm not crossing the white line.

All the other teams are worse than us.

Exclusive: Stan Marsh thinks Elise Thompson has a hot butt crack.

Yeah, come on! We're gonna find out sooner or later.

Yeah!

No I didn't.

No.

Well, I gotta admit, you guys throw a pretty sweet party.

I spent three hours last night trying to get Tweek's parents to stop griefing my castle! When I finally got away from them, I found they had taken all my dandelions!

Black Friday? Come on, that can't be real.

We're just a dying breed, Stan. XBox is going to win this whole thing.

Okay, that's good, because we moved the fight to first thing in the morning tomorrow.

Whatever. I'm going back to play with the Harry Potter kids. 

Okay, now there's sparks shooting out of my eyes.

He had cooties and he lied about it!

That's exactly how XBox people are!

He's not gonna show up to suck your balls dude.

I got new orders. I'm supposed to take you to see the mayor.

You were right all along, Eric. It was Kenny.

You shut up, asshole.

But you told us all to go fuck ourselves.

It's easy. Watch. 

Respect my authority.

My name is Craig Tucker. Last week was my birthday.  My Grandma gave me a check for a hundred dollars.  I was sooo happy. But then, four kids from school came to my house  and said I should use my hundred dollars to invest in becoming a Peruvian flute band.  They promised I would double my money in one afternoon.  But the government arrested us along with all the other Peruvian flute bands and took us to an internment camp in Miami.  We begged to go home, but instead the government told us they were sending us to Peru.  And so that is now why I'm in Peru. If I die, let it be known that it is because four guys I don't even like from school lied to me and took my birthday money. 

This ass is unlike any I've encountered, Master. 

Hah hah hahah hah! 

Maybe. But you'll never be as metrosexual as us! Come on, fags! 

"Let's see what's in there." That's why you guys get into these situations. Because when you come across a spooky, ancient ruin, you say "Let's see what's in there."

All the pizza we can eat?

No.

All right, let's do this!

Craig.

I gotta show this to my mom! 

Hey yeah.

I don't care. I've decided that I'm done. I am choosing not to be a part of this anymore.

...Aahhhh, no, I don't think so.

What's going on?

Hey, here's a post about Token: "Token Black's Private Gym Photos" 

Dude, a going-away party is supposed to be for the person who is going away!

I have no idea.

I know.

I'll go get the money. 

What?! What did he say about Stripe?!

It's a rat! 

These Pioneer Village workers are really committed to their jobs. 

Then just give him half.

So then just get a bigger bully to beat the bully up.

To hell with that!

I've never been in a fight before.

You call this a party?! Your party sucks!

Are you guys making this up?

I... don't believe it.

It's Spaceman Craig. 

I believe in Mr. Jefferson!

He's perfect.

I knew you guys were going to bail on the party.

I do watch Red Racer every day of the week!

Um...  Okay. I refuse to answer on the grounds that it may incinerate me.

If I could say "titty sprinkles" on national television I would be sooo happy.

Butters!

Please sir, it's very important.

Yeah!

Alright, here's the plan. Tomorrow night at the dance, when none of the chaperones are looking, you guys go grab Mark. Bring him out here, and then we're gonna duct-tape him to this flagpole.

Game on!

I am not Craig,  I am Ginza,  with the powerful blade of the kitana. Iya!

But who?

If I could yell "tampon dickshit" in the classroom I'd be sooo happy.

"Hey, Craig. You know that money your grandma gave you for your birthday? How would you like to invest in a Peruvian flute band? You can double your money in one afternoon. Come on, Craig, don't be an asshole." 

No, it's true. We've always hated you.

Oh, that's a good idea.

Dude, what the hell are you talking about?

We're entering the limits of Bailey. Everyone stay close.

Uh-uh, they're not that cool.

Enjoying your lunch, nerdo?

It's awesome.

"In an email sent yesterday to KENNY McCormick, Stan Marsh wrote 'Dude, you should have been in PE today. Elise Thompson's butt crack was totally showing.' He went on to call her butt crack quote 'nice' and that the whole experience was quote 'pretty awesome'."

Okay. 

What was on the news?

All right, let's DO IT!

Well, I've gotta go over there and-

What do we do?

My name is Craig Tucker. Last week I stopped a guinea pirate from taking over the earth. All the Peruvian flute bands were released,  and drove the guinea creatures back to the Andes mountains.  Many people had died, but mankind had prevailed.  All over the world, survivors were found, living witnesses to the horror that had been seen.

After Red Racer.

'Cause they're ugly and they stink. 

What? That's stupid.

Animals Close-Up With A Wide Angle Lens. 

Okay.  So anyways, are they saying what time the event starts?

Dude, I was here first.

Nope. 

That's a shock. I decided to follow you guys, and now I'm in the land of the giants lost world.

Yeah. That's true.

Hey, that whale talked to me too. After everyone left the show I walked up to the glass and he started talking.

Could I just like, hang out with you sometime? Like, do your laundry maybe?

What are you talking about? 

Yeah. It kinda does. 

At Red Robin?

Kindergartners. Treasure Cove is full of them.

Do you guys know why nobody else at school likes hanging out with you?  Because you're always doing stuff like this. You're always coming up with some stupid idea to do something, and then it backfires, and then you end up in some foreign country, or in outer space or something. That's why no one likes hanging out with you guys.

It's occupied. 

It said in the e-mail if we came we each got five dollars.

Yeah, well, I've got an overall deal with the school, heh. They're paying me six dollars a week to come up with new shows.

Don't you have a VHS of it?

Oh shit, you guys are in trouble. We're outta here!

It just looked like you cut it off, that's all.

Incriminate.

It's Butters! We saw 'im!

You guys made the front page.

Ah! Look at that! I'm hotter than you, fatso! 

You know the rule. No ginger kids in the cafeteria.

Oh, Jesus! I can't take it! Stop!

Yeah, don't just "Oh" me!

Hey, kid. Get out of that hamster ball.

Yup, nice and boring. Just the way I like it.

If I could say "asspussy" to the counselor I would be sooo happy.

Your local DMV is funded by your tax dollars to be efficient and proficient.

Lose who?

Peru.

You're too young.

Yeah, I can't wait for Sunday.

Yeah, but did you see Token's girlfriend? 

This much more than you had!  Hey, a round of root beers for everyone! On me! 

He ate it!

You guys took my birthday money, got me arrested and sent to Miami with no way home except to take down the country of Peru, and I'm being a dick?

I'm not just gay, I'm a catamite. 

I'm clean! I knew I didn't have any stupid lice! 

You guys never hang out with me. You never invite me to do stuff. But now you want me to be in a band with you because my grandma gave me a hundred dollars.

Stuck in his eye? Was he bleeding?

Right on the other side of the fairgrounds. He's just wandering around aimlessly.

Oh, we have a new cheerleader?

You're just saying that because you know you're gonna be very last on the list!

So who do they say is the cutest?

Don't worry, Stan, I don't think the fight's even gonna happen. Cartman said that Wendy's already begging him to call it off.

Dude.

Not as gay as us, though.

How can I resist an ass so great?

Nothing! 

Get him! 

...I don't know.

I'm being a dick?

Everyone who wants to get PS4s, join with us! 

Yeah, life sucks sometimes, but it'll pass.

Right. Let's all get PS4s.

...The truth about what?

Uh huh, you guys couldn't get Lorde to play, could you?

You mean like those guys you see at all the tourist spots?

