But it's time for you to get back to school and on with your lives.

Oh my God! Sheila! Come look at this!

Sshhhh! I have to win it back before Sheila finds out!

It's your day off. You boys really wanna spend it inside in front of the TV?

No, because we don't call it fascism. Do you understand?

I really enjoyed the imagery in the last chapter of this month's book.

I'm a big boy. I took a big boy poop.

Yeah, we may not have gotten to ski earlier, but with this lift we'll get more runs in than anybody.

Twenty percent of American students aged six to twelve say they have tried cheesing at least once. Kids also refer to it as "the cheese game", or "vitamin cheese", or "Mary Jane piss in your face fun time". Cheesing is spreading fast.

The casino gave me credit! I put the house up as collateral! But I still have this ten-dollar chip.

Harder for Peter?! Now you two just blow in here and say you're gonna haul him back to Canada, and we're being hard on Peter?!

Kyle! Kyle, wake up!  We have to go! The terrorists are attacking!

This is the worst thing that's happened in this town!  The worst thing!

Pressure us?! You kept us all day yesterday and then had a chair lift bring us back!

Whattaya mean it sounds like shit? This doesn't sound like shit.

Hey Sheila. You feel like having some fun?

Problem is, the more you into that world, the more you need to go. Until you start blowing off all the real people who care about you. 

All right, that does it! Come on, Kyle, I don't want you hanging around with these ignorant idiots! 

We just think that you're the best person to put up a wall. We're sure you've got it in your blood.

Look, I'm just trying to make the people of South Park aware of a very serious problem.

Kidding? Well, that's not funny! That hurt my feelings!

Well, Kyle, that's not a reason to buy something.

Everybody doesn't know. And why are you so ashamed of me?

Steve, uh, we heard that a bunch of the kids were over here a little while ago.

No. It's a very fragile system that nature has designed. All things flow into each other.

All right, calm down. Now, just how bad of a porno tape are we talking here? I mean, was it like Crotch Capers 3?

And if it weren't for you people flexing your arms, America could easily get taken over by terrorists or... or China.

He's a teacher! How are we supposed to explain this to our children?!

Can somebody please explain to me what is going on?!

Well, because Kenny's family doesn't have as much money as we do.

All we know is they were seen hanging out with Craig and now they're gone.

Randy, you're making me feel unimportant. Talk. Talk, damn you.

Listen to you. You're yelling at me; you've never yelled at me before.

To find out where Apple is keeping my son!

I just want to know it meant something to you.

Disgraceful! Stan and Kyle, it's up to you to show all those war-mongerers that the Founding Fathers agree with us!

Thank you, Your Honor. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, Everyone has committed a crime here, and Everyone must pay for that crime. My client, Everyone, has been hurt by this crime and must be compensated.

I don't need you wiping my ass for me. I'm a grown man.

I-it is the single most vile, twisted, dark piece of porn ever made. 

He was the most upright and honorable of men, and every day he praised God. 

Mr. Garrison, do you know the definition of sexual harassment?

Yeah. The sand thing sounds a lot simpler. 

But our homes and our lives are at stake.

Three hundred dollars?? What in the world for??

No. No, what am I thinking? I shouldn't do this.  I've been clean for ten... years. I haven't even been near a cat.  But then that report said our kids were doing it too, and... and I knew Kyle would have the same sicknesses I used to have... Now a cat is in our home, and it's too tempting.  I... I'll just do it one more time.  One. Last. Time.  Then I'll call the police; have them pick up the cat.  And then I'll never do it again.  After this one... last... time... 

What haven't you tried that you've always wanted to try?

Oh! So you admit that harassment goes on!

Wow, so, everyone here drives a hybrid, huh?

Oh! Sorry Randy. Looks like you got a ticket.

Oh, really?! Well, don't you worry, Kyle. We can cover that black eye up with some cream base, and the coat and pants we'll bleach with an acid wash for a fun vintage look.

Well, I really don't see how  that has anything to do with the-

Huh, well, two girls, of course! I mean ...with another guy, you know, that'd be... 

Sheila, let me handle this.  Having imaginary friends is fine, Kyle, but this simply will not do!

Ah hey now Kyle, if you made a deal with somebody, you have to stick by it.

Everyone get your stuff; we can take my car.

Hurry, you guys! The mall closes in seven hours!

Look, there's a Jeep over there! Go write them a ticket, Kyle!

This is a reenactment, Kyle. My name is Pvt. John Fugasol, and I have to do what my general tells me!

Randy, they're bringin' back Wacky Races Saturday monring!

Can I have just a little change for the bus, please? I need a little... anybody have some change? Change? Got any change?  Change. Change? 

Tell Ike how much fun Squirts is, Kyle.

Look, you gave Ike up. You can't just change your mind.

I hate to say it, but I think Priest Maxi was right. This is what we get for celebrating Halloween and allowing that band KoRn to come play.

No buts! Get back to your room right now and don't come out! You got it?! 

Yeah. I'm just, you know, trying to make people more aware ya' know, it's a-

You see boys, Jew Scouts is a special group that borrows a little bit from all different Jewish denominations. From the Orthodox Jews, from the Hasidic Jews, from the Northern Italy Cave Jews... But you have to believe the basic tenets of Judaism to be a Scout.

Congratulations, boys! You're goin' on to the post-season. Woohoo!

Kyle, perhaps we handled this wrong, buh- but you need to understand that we don't want-

I just don't get it.  Why would he invite me fishing and then turn into a complete bastard?

Yeah, well, you know my son is just  a little bit more clever than some.

I used to think I was crazy. But Dr, Biber told me that there are a lot of other people out there who are transspecies. All I did is change my appearance to look the way I felt...  here. And I'm telling you now that if we don't let Kyle do the same, he may never be happy. Ever! We owe him more than that, Sheila. We owe him understanding! 

Hoh, I don't know. I think maybe with all the news of famous people dying this summer, he he's just freaked himself out.

Oh, all right. Just don't let any of the elders know that he isn't Jewish, okay?

You're just jealous. You're a bitter old drunk, just like your father!  Ow!! 

No I don't want store credit, I want my son back!

Oh God, is there nothing we can do?

That son of a bitch ripped my parka! 

And so, God had a bunch of barbarians come in and slaughter Job's oxen and donkeys, and murder all his workers. 

I, uh, I-I-I read about it in People.

I don't know. Come on, Kyle! You're gonna be late for Jew Scouts!

Huh? Oh, uh, no thanks, I brought my own. Microbrew sampler from Aspen. Has six different beers from local breweries.  Sahay, remember that time we built the fort in your mom's back yard?

Hey! I worked my ass off to get to where I am today!  I wanted to be somebody!

Jimbo, your truck probably gets less than ten miles to the gallon.

Now, I want you to repeat after me: 'There is no such thing as Mr. Hankey'

We can't destroy it, son. We have to learn to live with it.

Oh yeah, yeah, the kids were pretty excited.

Oh, shove the song of the sparrow up your ass!

Kyle, what on earth has gotten into you?!

And, uh Stuart, I think I owe you an apology. I realize that I shouldn't be so cold towards people that are less fortunate than me.

No. Kyle, she's just make-believe. Like Peter Pan.

All right, we're gonna hit the tables. Why don't you kids run along to the comedy club? 

And so, in summation, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, you've heard the version of my client's song recorded over twenty years ago. You've heard the exact same song produced by those cheats in the past month. I'd say it's pretty much an open-and-shut case. Make the right decision. Thank you.  We've got 'em. 

That doctor is a miracle worker, Sheila. Iiii'm the happiest I've ever been.  Look, Ike! You're daddy's a dolphin! 

Kyle, Ike says you kicked him off the TV.

Yeah, those dads get REALLY drunk and obnoxious.

I don't think I can do it either.

Maybe we should... strip these jackets off, and warm our bodies next to each other!

Get out of here, you mutt! Let him go! 

I wouldn't count on it. Come on, boys, get in the car! 

Which cartoon is it? What cartoon'll be so insensitive as to have Mohammad as a character?

Hey, come on. We should take a tour of the Smithsonian before we head back.

My son was kidnapped by Apple and they are holding him against his will!!

Okay, there's another one.  Aw, man! Look at that!  Can you believe this?! An SUV with a V8 engine, makes me sick!  "Ticket for driving a gas-guzzler"

I'd better just... take it down to the basement for now, m-make sure Kyle can't find it. 

Geez I really wish this guy would shut up.

We don't know. We were all passed out and... next thing we know we just woke up on a bus heading here.

Well your ad said we only had to attend a thirty-minute meeting.

Haven't you boys heard anything about how harmful smoking is to you and those around you?

Expert witness, did South Park Elementary allow sexual harassment to go on?

Yeah, well, whatever, sooo let's... not... sue anyone again. Okay, come on, guys. Let's go get some ice cream!

This isn't a joke, Kyle! Bombs have already gone off in six cities!

Think about it: you weren't even trying to take the biggest crap last time. Imagine if you actually worked at it!

Well, Kyle, it's always the agreeing party's responsibility to know what they are signing.

That goes in the master bedroom.  Well, Kyle. What do you think of your new house?

UPS man. I have a ...package from Amazon for you.

He was not really a Broflovski, he was Canadian. But we loved him all the same. 

Just like you deceived our son into going to Kenny's; and that didn't work either!

You're so right about this place. It's wonderful.

Well you bet your ass it'll come to that!

Eh excuse me, where, where is the bathroom for dolphins?

I-I'm sorry, but none of us can really afford to own our own vacation condo.

There! You have it! Straight from the horse's mouth!

Oh! Kyle, appealing to the Prime Minister of Canada would take... time and money we don't have.

No.  No, our Internet can't be broken. Ah, I've gotta get an attachment Larry sent me last night.

Who the hell do you think you are?!

What? Th'um, nuh-nothing. I- I'll explain it to you when you're a little older.

Wow! It seems like you had a great time with the Super Adventure Club, Chef. They sound like really interesting people.

Well, I never really wanted to experiment with anything too crazy. You know... maybe just... I don't know... masturbate in front of another guy.

We need to be where everyone is motivated and progressive like us! Start getting your things packed, boys! The Broflovksi family is moving to San Francisco! 

It doesn't matter! Ten to eleven is Ike's time to watch MacNeil/Lehrer

So, Mr. Jefferson, did I hear you say you moved here from Kentucky?

Yeah?! See you Saturday, makizzer shanna sharilla shaz biuznatch gazizzah!

Yeah! Let's all go shop at Jim's Drugs down the street! 

Oh come on, Mr. Jefferson, you're not one of those who think that the police go around framing rich black people just because they're jealous?

Yeah, I guess these passes the time-share salesman gave us will come in handy.

But Satan said, "Oh yeah? He only praises you because you gave him so much. If you didn't give him those things, he would curse your name."

Right right, w-would, would you like red or white wine?

There can't be anything in that agreement that allows a company to do what they're talking about to Kyle!

We can't! Don't you get it?! There's no Internet to find out why there's no Internet!

That's right. So Kenny's family is happy just the way they are, and we're all a functioning part of America.

Hey, you know Kobe Bryant was up in Eagle today.

I have written up a bill that would make having a cat illegal in the city of South Park.

Oh yeah, I got a great angle here.

You bet money on my son to win?!

Now you march to your room, and you think about what you've done!

You see, Kyle, we live in a liberal, democratic society. And Democrats make sexual harassment laws. These laws tell us what we can and can't say in the workplace. And what we can and can't do in the workplace.

Yeah... Ih it's time we told the boys the truth, that they aren't really going to get to heaven. 

Sheila, could you pass me the dead fetus?  I mean, gravy.  Ow!

How am I going to tell my family?  How do I tell them that tomorrow, we have to ...pack up our things and ...get out of the house? 

Uh, you know, the people really responsible for your harassment is the public schools.  Perhaps we should sue them next.

Everyone in the car. We have to beat them there. 

Oh, I think you'll see differently after hearing this. Sit down, Kyle.  Uh, okay.  You see, Job lived in the east of Jordan, a long long time ago.  Job was a great man. He was blessed with ten lovely children , a wonderful wife, and many friends. 

Kyle, it's all about being a good person now! You see, Christians use hell as a way to scare people into believing what they believe. But to believe in something just because you're afraid of the consequences if you don't believe in something is no reason to believe in something. Understand?

Oh, you wanna leave, huh?! Okay, fine, Kyle, when we get home, we'll just pack up our things, load them in the car, and we'll leave! 

You know, the emissions from a vehicle like yours causes irreparable damage to the ozone. I drive a hybrid; it's much better for the environment.  Thanks.

They were so scared, I'm sure they'll never be back!

Oh, look, Kyle. Your little friend Stan is here to see you.

Nooo! I don't wanna join Apple, I like my PC!

Ike, your brother Kyle was in Squirts, and so was I. You have to go so someday you can be a big brave Jew Scout.

How many times do we have to tell you this? We don't want to buy shares in a condo!

Hm.  You know, Eric, I've been thinking, uh...

And what do we tell our kids?! We can't leave them in the dark!

Well that does it! I'm going to the police!

Just look at how big this house is, Kyle. Just look at it.

Sheila, ih-it was wrong of us to be so judgmental of Kyle. If he isn't happy with who he is, then who are we to deny hm surgery that will make him feel better about himself? 

Yeah! We could have the boys do their presentation as part of our peace rally on Saturday!

Get up to your room right now until your mother and I figure out how to deal with this!

Well where else was I gonna get a napkin dispenser at nine thirty at night?

And then, as Job's sons and daughters were eating, God sent a mighty wind to collapse the house and crush and kill them all. 

Uhh, Kyle, uh sometimes when people get older they need to play and pretend to keep things interesting. Iiit's just a way I can still be intimate with your mother without relying on silly sexual enhancement drugs. 

Ha ha ha ha ha! Ooh-ho boy, have you got a lot to learn! Sit down, son.  You see, Kyle, we humans work as a society, and in order for a society to thrive, we need gods, and clods.

I would like to address a personal matter: I have let myself down. And I would first like to apologize to my lovely wife.

It's so wonderful to be on the same wavelength as our kids.

What kind of nutjob would agree to surgically alter my son into a tall African-American?!

Relax, sweetie  I know how to count cards.

Hey.  Nothing changes between us, right? I mean, we're still friends.

The point is, I was wrong. Its time to legalize cats!  Heh yeah! Hooray for Gerald! Hey, let's hear it for Gerald! 

Yes. You see, I spent a lot of time going to law school, and I was able to go because I have a slightly higher intellect than others. But I still need people to pump my gas, and make my French fries, and fix my laundry machine when it breaks down.

Good-bye, Ike. You...  be a good bye, huh? You... remember all the things we taught you. 

Oh my God! Come on, Sheila!  We'd better go tell the other parents what's going on!! 

Uh, Token, this is very important: do you know where the boys went with the naughty tape?

Oh no, seriously, this crap was a monster! 

So much better here with the intellectuals, isn't it, boys?  Wuhh  Mmmm.

Yeah.  Actually, we saw a bear a few miles back.

Your teacher had a sex change?? Oh my God! 

Now, you go brush your teeth and march into bed!  You won't be opening your Channukah present tonight!

All right.  I swear I'll never understand you kids these days.

Cats aren't the problem. We made cats illegal and and then I cheesed for the first time in ten years. And kids are always gonna find a new way to get high. Like sniffing glue or licking toads, or fermenting feces or huffing paint. You can also look at-

Yeah. Yeah, I think it's best we just do it right away.

A b--uh I love dolphins, Ever since I was a child I dreamt of... Huh b-b-b- But that has hardly any bearing on what I'm hear to-

As you can see, Your Honor, my client is too upset to continue.

I wanna educate you kids with some real music.  This is The Police. Now you compare this to Tween pop and tell us which one you think is real music. 

Come on, honey. It says our Handicar is just pulling up.

Well, we'll find them. A-and then we'll try to put what they saw into context.

Ugh... Alright, fine! I'll sign up with Apple.

Did you, or did you not, hear my client being called an ass-sucker?

How long have you been on the cheese?!

Hey, Mr. Withdrawn, you might not need to talk about it, but I sure do.

Kyle, you'd better stop being anti-Semitic right now, mister!!

Your honor, I'd like to make my closing arguments.

Very good, Ike. That's two John Steinbeck books in one day.

Principal Victoria, was Eric Cartman called an ass-sucker? Yes or no?

Yes, it is big, isn't it? It is very big.

Here- here you go. And and don't go to the store down the block. The one four miles away in Fairplay has better pretzels.

Look out for your brother, Kyle. You're the man now.

Well, I'm sure you'll find another job soon. Something'll come along.

I'm sorry, Stan, but unfortunately you live in a small-minded town filled with ignorant boobs.

From what I understand, she's the niece of someone's coworker here in town or something.

Oh, just great! You see, Sheila?! This is what your transgender progressive thinking gets you! Now your son wants to be transracial!

It's alright, he couldn't have gone far. Let's call the other kids' houses. 

Hup, we did. We've come to terms with it through therapy and learned to admit it.

Now, on to double penetration, boys. You see, sometimes when a woman has sex with more than one man, each man makes love to a different orifice.

I thought we agreed what happened in the hot tub wouldn't change our relationship.

Calm down, Kyle! It's okay. You're safe with Daddy. 

Kyle, your mother and I don't want you going to the Raging Pussies concert! We gave you a chore that we thought was impossible. You weren't supposed to actually do it.

Uh not this again.  Ike, we are sick of you talking about ghosts!

And let's make sure nobody gets a stupid hybrid, right? 

Oh! I'm sorry! I didn't think it was "high and mighty" to  care about the earth!

Who? Stuart? Yeah, yeah, I guess we were.

Alright, that's it! I've had about enough with iCrap, and me clouds, and a council of Geniuses, with all their future-

That Dr. Biber is about to get his ass bitten off! 

And that's why,  I've talked it over with your mother, and  ...we've decided to MOVE!

Hello, honey, how has prison been for you?

We have to protect our children from this, Sheila.

And to the people of South Park.  I was wrong, and I can't let cats take the fall anymore. It's our fault. The people who use cats for their sweet urine.  We have to learn that cheesing just isn't worth it. Sure, you get to fight in the Breastriary, and swim in the Fountains of Varnov with the Itty Titty Fairies of Mammary Mountain.

But, what if you're not ready at 17?

Give me that! What we do in our bedroom is our business!

We thank God for our blessings this Chanukah. Our little family is so loving, and perfect, and nothing will ever tear us apart.  I'll get it. 

Please come home, Kyle. 
You left home lookin' for somethin' new. 
But all you need is right here waitin' for you 

Look, Kyle, adults make up those things because they're fun for children.

Guys, we have a problem!  I talked to the EFSM and they say Randy has to take the crap in Zurich.

Now, just let me do all the talking, Chef. We’re gonna bring these bastards down.

That does it! I'm taking you boys OUT OF THAT SCHOOL! 

Uh, well, we need to find a way to close our town off from unwanted strangers!

It's okay, Kyle. Just... be a good boy.

We'll wish we spent the money when we have a lawsuit on our hands.

I'm not gonna let you change on me, Randy. Just because we shared an intimate moment in the hot tub, I won't let it change our friend-

Well, I have something to give to her!  Don't worry, Kyle. Everything's gonna be okay between me and your mom.

And then you fight the Boob Goblin in the Gazongas Cave, and then the girl may thank you for it. But she. Isn't. Real.

Yes Kyle, but you still defied your parents. And you need to learn that terrorism is never the answer.

Oh, those weren't mints, those were antacid tablets.

I couldn't stay away. Curse your rockin' tits!

Yeah. I think it's great that gays are finally being so accepted. 

Hi Sharon. Uh, we need to talk to you about the boys.

Excuse me, the front door was open. Can I borrow some change? 

Jesus! Look at us! We all don't like the Wall-Mart, but we can't stop coming here.

Kyle, just because Ike is adopted doesn't make him any less your brother.

God said to Satan, "See? I told you. Job still praises me." 

First thing is we've gotta dispose of this!

Then why did your mother find this  in your dresser drawer?!

Oh, you heard him, Sheila! Kyle wants to leave! Our nice old house doesn't interest Kyle anymore! Well I'm calling the moving company right now! 

We are all trying to create the future!  I'm part of the future now too. I have sat with the Council of Geniuses, performed the Toran Ra, and I've even been to me. Mr. Jobs, you have done so much for the world. You have helped connect everyone to each other.  Clearly, this is the future. But... but can't we just slow down and enjoy the present... a little longer?

What? Oh. Kyle, let's have a little talk. 

Last, I'd like to bring up my expert witness: Sexual Harassment Panda.

No, I don't know how it is. I use a PC.

With my super lawyer powers, we can rid our town of cats, so that our kids can never get high again!

Sorry Kyle, we gave you your allowance already.

Kyle! Kyle, can we talk to you for a minute, please?

Yes. A lot of people in town just aren't ready to drive hybrid cars.

Wait, here's 20. Get one for your brother, too. 

You see, son, fads come and go. And this "Chin-po-ko-mon" is obviously nothing more than a fad. You don't have to be a part of it. In fact, you can make an even stronger statement by saying to your peers, "I'm not going to be a part of this fad, because I'm an individual." Do you understand?

That's it. I'm gonna make a break for it.

Now, you get to sleep, and think about how your poor mother has to clean that bathroom up!

Okay, that'll be great. Let's also make sure we have enough chairs in the community center for everyone to attend.

You have been very very naughty!  You're a naughty girl! 

Huh that's right! And I also happen to be a lawyer! And I'm gonna have you sued for malpractice, and your clinic shut down!!

You don't know if there's any Internet in California.

Well where the hell am I supposed to go to the bathroom? I I need a large tank with salt water.

Principal Victoria, were you aware that my client was being harassed at your school?

Kids! Are you tired of being harassed at school? Sick of being called a homo? A farty-pants? A butt-... face? Then call me, Kyle's dad, and I'll help you  close the lid on sexual harassment in schools!

Kyle, we're so sorry for the horrible sexual abuse over the years. But we're all better now.

Cruise's lawyers were very specific boys. He's sending a limo for Muhammad to meet him outside of town.

Yeah. That guy probably thinks he can get us to go away by being so goofy! 

What?! You don't even have a wife, Jimbo! 

Yeah, tackle box.  Man, smell that mountain air. What a great Saturday morning; aren't weekends just the best?

Courtney Cox, I love you.  
You're so hot  on that show.

Oh, now what's gotten into him? Stan, will you go talk to him? 

Normally, we do it right after the baby is born, but we had to do it later for Ike because he's a--

Huh? What do you think? You know you like it.

Oh no! Y-you guys all turned gay too?? 

I wish. That's the one thing I've always thought of experimenting with. A threesome.

So call me, Kyle's dad. Because it's not about money, it's about... wait, what am I saying? Call me! 

A communist country run by a dictator named Fidel Castro.

Hello?  I I'm sorry, I just really need some change for the bus?

I forgot to tell you, ah I have a gambling problem.

Oh, I don't know. I think our boys might just have the dead fetus to win-- Heart!

How can there be no Internet anywhere? What's going on?!

No! Don't you see? Th-the panda's right. Boy, what a great message he has! When you sue people, you just end up causing a lot of problems for society. Uhwell, I've really learned something today. All I could see was the millions of dollars coming to me and I didn't care about where the money came from. Well, I'm no longer doing sexual harassment lawsuits in schools! They're too vague and two easily corruptible. Thank you, Sexual Harassment Panda!

Hahah. Whatever happened to that old hunk o' junk? Haha--

There, there, Shei-hla. There's nothing we can do. 

Damnit you people have to make special arrangements for transspecies people like me! I may be a dolphin, but I'm also a lawyer!

So, does this mean I'm not really a dolphin?

Hey, my son is just discovering love. Maybe your daughter is, too. They-uh, they need to know about that stuff.

Well Butters, we think... that this is one of the BEST books we've ever read.

Wulluh uh I just felt like talkin' to you.

It is sick and disgusting, and we simply will not have it!

A-Aspen? Uuuh, we, we can't really afford that.

Oh yes there is! You could do it again!

What? Now why the hell would you knowingly deceive me like that?

Don't have any change... Don't have any change... Damn it! All right, you want change? Here.   There! There's some change. All right, a little bit.  There you go. Take the change.  Oh wait. Wait, now I don't have any change left for the bus. Hold on. Can I just get back some of that change, please?

All right, time to show these people how to gamble!

