Hello young man. I'm the head of Scientology. It is...  a great honor to meet you!

Scientologist's the world over are simply rejoicing at his second coming.

Really? Well. And in here we have our Missing Child Resource Center. 

Hai.  Kore ga arimasu. 

Eh? Nani kore, tsukareta yo. (What? I'm tired!)

Where is he?!

Yes. But he was also a prophet... who knew the secret truth about the nature of life.

Only one kind. Whoever this player is, he has played World of Warcraft nearly every hour of every day for the past year and a half. Gentlemen, we are dealing with someone here who...haw absolutely no life.

I've waited... forty-two years... for this day.

A chance.

Ye-yes, but here at South Park Milk we strive for excellence. For instance, we are now entering the extraction room.  As you can see, we keep it close to the refrigeration room. That way we can get the milk to the container as fast as possible.  That's why some say South Park milk tastes like you're suckin' it right from the cow's tits yourself.

Yes, of course!

The frozen alien bodies were loaded onto Xenu's galactic cruisers, which looked like DC-8s, except with rocket engines. The cruisers then took the frozen alien bodies to our planet, to Earth, and dumped them into the volcanoes of Hawaii.  The aliens were no longer frozen, they were dead. The souls of those aliens, however, lived on, and all floated up towards the sky. But the evil Lord Xenu had prepared for this.

How dare you mock our faith, you little punk?! You'll be hearing from our lawyers tomorrow!

You see, Stan, there is a reason for people feeling sad and depressed.  An alien reason. It all began 75 million years ago. Back then there was a galactinc federation of planets which was ruled over by the evil Lord Xenu.

Yeah, you think you can say our religion is a lie?! We'll sue you, buddy!

Soltzman. He's an accountant.

Then keep writing, L. Ron! Your people are waiting.

Please, understand, we just want what is best for your son. The reincarnation of L. Ron Hubbard must be taken care of. He had many enemies.

Neither did L. Ron when he started. He said he just closed his eyes, and wrote down whatever came to mind. You can do the same. Just let it flow.

You are so sued, kid!

What?

Usually, to hear the secret doctrine, you have to be in the church for several years, Stan.  Are you ready to hear the truth?

Fellow board members, we have a problem: somebody in the World of Warcraft is ignoring the World's rules...and is going around killing innocent players..

Wait a minute, whoa, whoa! You don't actually believe this crap, do you?? Dummy! Brainwashed alien souls?? E-meters and thetan levels?? Those people out there buy that crap and I thought YOU were smart enough to see what was really going on!

We're going to!

Xenu didn't want their souls to return! And so he built giant soul-catchers in the sky!  The souls were taken to a huge soul brain-washing facility, which Xenu had ALSO built on Earth.  There the souls were forced to watch days of brainwashing material  which tricked them into believing a false reality. Xenu then released the alien souls, which roamed the earth aimlessly in a fog of confusion. At the dawn of man, the souls finally found bodies which they can grab onto. They attached themselves to all mankind, which still to this day causes all our fears, our confusions, and our problems.  L. Ron Hubbard did an amazing thing telling the world this incredible truth. Now all we're asking you to do...  is pick up where he left off.

This is not good. It makes our country look poor and stupid.

What?

Ima kara ... Princess Kenny!

Hello. In an effort to comfort the anguished cries or children everywhere, your local cable company has decided to drop all networks that sexualize spousal homicides from regular programming. Customers still wishing to view true-crime networks will now need to purchase a separate package  which will require a technician to service your cable box every night from 2 to 3 am. and must include the purchase of 300 channels in Portuguese. We realize this may be an inconvenience to you, and we hope you will voice ALL your concerns to us, because at your local cable company the customer is always... our bitch.

Because if those people all think you're the reincarnation of L. Ron Hubbard, then they'll all buy your new writings, and you and I together will make three million dollars!

Xenu thought his galaxy was overpopulated,  and so he rounded up countless aliens from all different planets,  and then had those aliens frozen. 

I know. We've sent Nicole Kidman up there to see if she can help.

Here, try a glass of our cold Vitamin D. And our fresh scones. 

What are you, stupid?! Then how do we make money from those people?!

Uh Mr. and Mrs. Thompson, as President of the South Park Milk Company, I want to apologize personally for printing that falsified picture on our milk cartons.

Isn't this wonderful?

Ish, ish, ish, o-ish, haishooo! 

We want to reveal to Stan the great secret of life behind our church. The safely-guarded Scientology doctrine. Please, your son deserves to be enlightened.

You know what to do. 

Ho, now you're puttin' words in MY mouth! You are so sued!

We can't. Whoever this player is, he has played World of Warcraft so much, that he has reached a level we thought unreachable. He's actually able to kill our admins. And he grows stronger every day.

We're too late. Without the sword the players will fail.

And what do you base this on?

The admins tell us they are four players from a small town in Colorado.

And so it is with great pride that we have flown little Billy Thompson out here, to be reunited with his parents for the first time in twenty years.  Mrs. Garthunk? 

Behold, the Sword of a Thousand Truths.  We must get this sword to the ones who have proven they have no life. Let's just hope to Christ they don't start the battle before we can reach them.

Sony PS4 no urazuke. Zenbu. Domo sumimasen.

Would you excuse us, please? This is highly-classified church information.

Huh, what?

Don't you all see what this means? There was only one person who EVER registered OT9 in the history of our church.  L. Ron Hubbard said he had lived past lives. That when he died his thetan would show itself again. Our prophet has returned. 

Well, why don't we let Mrs. Garthunk do her work, and I'll take you two out for some good old Colorado chili. 

Sir, we don't have time! We just heard from our admins that your son's party is already in battle!

I don't have a World of Warcraft account. Do you?

Come around here, Ben! 

What's better than telling people a stupid story and having them believe you?!  Having them PAY you for it, stupid!

We started Sooper Foods to give people a place to buy groceries that was fun and safe. We are not canceling our Easter Egg hunt because of some wild story!

We've been looking for your son for a long time, Mr. Marsh. He is the reincarnation of our church's most famous prophet.

Yes. And it won't be long before everyone gets really really frustrated and stops playing altogether. Gentlemen, this could very well lead to the end of the World...of Warcraft.

My God...they must have no lives at all.

Long ago, when the World of Warcraft was created, one of the programmers put a sword called the Sword of a Thousand Truths into the game inventory. Apparently it could cause 120 damage per second, with an instant mana burn and an enchantment that boosts its stamina +80.

That's how the scam works! But this is a scam on a global scale! Do you fucking get me now?! 

Yes, of course! So wonderful!

So you actually haven't seen your son in over 20 years?

Jim, your kids' characters are already dead.

Tanoshikatta ne. (Yeah, it was fun.)

