That's the whole point, remember? Their moms want them to catch it while they're young.
What am I supposed to do with frozen waffles, clamhead?! You put 'em in the toaster and you cook 'em!
Kenny, honey, if you're going to sneeze, sneeze on them.
My Kenny used to laugh and play. He was eight years old, just like you, my Kenny was.
Well, what do you think, Kenny? You'd have to leave your friends and your family behind.
Oh they wuz best friends; you couldn't separate 'em.
Yehah, well, unfortunately my husband is a washed-up hunk of shit!
Don't be out too late, Kenny. We need to start movin' stuff out of your room. 
Nothin'. Uhco-uh, come on in, I was jus' makin' dinner. 
Kenny?? Don't forget to clean out your room so we can paint it for the baby. 
...and so you see, our son was just playing a joke and the little fat kid put it on the carton.
That's right, I'm a little drunk.  You'd be drunk, too, if you'd lost your boy.  My Kenny used to sing and dance, eh.
Oh, hi Kenny. What are ya doin'?  Uh what are you doing, Kenny?  Kenny, what are you going to plunge?
They used to meet every Friday night. I think they still do.  Did that really just happen?
That ain't why, Stuart!  It's because you are an alcoholic retard and he had dreams of not eating frozen waffles for dinner every night! 
Wow, what a great country. Everybody's poor, like us.
I know you're sick! Now get your buns out here!
Kenny, your little friends are here! Come play with them!
And we gave our sons allowances and stopped gettin' high every night. 
But unfortunately, now that I'm pregnant, I can't drink.
Kenny, don't you think you owe the Thompsons an apology? 
Oh, well that's very sweet of you, Kenny. You made my favorite drink for me.
Oh, hell no! He's a nugget o' deer turd.
Throw your sleeping bags in Kenny's room and then come grab some dinner.
Come on, Stuart, let's just get you to a bathroom.
Yes. Kenny's such a great name. My little Kenny, a brand-new Kenny. (The new Kenny then mumbles)
Uh, yeah, Kenny's out back playing with his friends.
You paid for it with the money I made washing dishes at the Olive Garden!
Naw, we don't go for that hoidy-toidy rich folk stuff.
We should have never gone to that stupid cult meetin'. 
Yes, well, aaah-I'll help you find your son. Just stop cryin', Please, for the love of God, stop cryin'!
Kenny, your dad and I are thinking about having another baby. Wouldn't you like to have another brother or sister?
You've gotta tell me what happened to him!  You have to know something!
Now Kevin, we ain't got enough for everybody. You have to split that with your brother.
Who cares if you almost made it to level sixty?! You're wastin' your life, Kenny! If you died tomorrow, what would you have to show for it?! You're gonna end up wishin' you'd done more with your life, just like your dead-beat father!
You're both drunk pieces of shit! Both of you sit the fuck down!
Oh, it's all right.  You know, I think maybe Kenny's been a little worried about the new baby. We have to show him that he's still our little boy. 
Kenny? Kenny, are you still playin' with that thing?  Kenny, it's been two weeks and you've done nothin' else!
Give to me, you prick!  AH! AAAAH!  Oh God he's back! It's that mystery kid again!
I want him out of my house! He ain't worth a shit! He can't even hold a fuckin' job!
Oh they jus' grew apart, I guess. I think Stuart's a little jealous that your husband got out of makin' pizzas and went on to make somethin' of hisself.
He's alive. He-ee smiles when I talk to him. I think...
Well, Kenny, the doctor confirmed it. I'm pregnant! You're gonna have a little brother or sister.
Look, Kenny, your friends are here to visit you again.
