I already checked the playground, Ma.  I told you, he isn't really- 
What? How the hell am I supposed to do that?
But you can't make fun of him AT ALL. No smartass comments, nothin'.
And you especially can't say anything about Jews!
Look, Kyle. Sledding is something all kids out here do. You've gotta learn.
Kyle, we told you: Kids in Colorado all play hide and seek at the airport.
That kid over there is my cousin from the East Coast. He's having a really hard time right now, so I'm going to offer you forty dollars to not rip on him.
I'm just throwin' it out there as a possibility. 
Remember: Just hold on. No matter how long the sledding run lasts, hold on.
I spent five years in this town making a good name for Jews and this... this... stereotype shows up and wrecks it all! You know what my biggest fear is? That I'll become him. That somehow his mannerisms will start rubbing off on me, and I'll become a stereotype. I mean, I'm a Jew and he's making me hate Jews.
You need to learn to play some sports, Kyle. So we're gonna start with a tough one called, "Catch the Ball." I throw the football to you; you throw it back to me.
You did, too! You are so full of crap!
Cartman, no Jew jokes! All you have to do is keep your mouth shut, and you've got forty bucks! Can you do it? 
Ih it's a football, dude. You just- put your arms out and catch it.  Alright, here we go. 
Kyle, this is Cartman, my sort of... friend-ish.
Nonono, it was good! What were you going to say?
What about Cartman, huh? He rips on me for being Jewish! He's gonna tear this kid apart!
Do you promise??  I mean, oh. Thah-uh that's too bad, dude. What, what changed for you?
I just have to face facts that I'm goin' to live with my crappy cousin forever.
Well what do you mean?  What room is he sleeping in?
I can't take it anymore, Stan. My cousin's been here for two weeks and he's driving me insane.
Ungh, this is taking too long. The flight to Connecticut is about to leave.  Ey! Can we speed things up here??
I don't know, Mom. Last time I saw him he was sledding.
Mom's special stew. She makes it every Monday and I love it.
Yeah. You see, I've learned something today.  Sometimes people have trouble fitting in at, at school and,...  and um... Let's see, what did I learn about?  What did I learn about today?
How far do you think it is to Connecticut?
Nuh-uh, I knew you were gonna make fun of my lame cousin, so I paid you the forty bucks NOT to rip on him! You ripped on him, deal's off!
Look, ih it's not because anything's wrong with you.
Well, ah I mean, maybe he got so worried about his mom that found a way to get back and see her.
Wait. Kyle, this may sound crazy, but I think you should stay!
Dude, we're the only ones here! How long does it take five people through security?!
I dunno, Mom. It's like he vanished into thin air.
Yeah, but like... first cousin or distant cousin?
