Wait! Stop! Could I have your attention, please?

He'd be better used as a coat rack. 

It's just sending images of cities and people and stuff.

Mph. Okay, Mr. Hankey. We're out. How are you doin'?

I only got a jar of gefilte fish.

Dude, everyone's trying to figure out who you are.

Wait. You guys, I have an awesome idea! We should secretly go around and tell all the students we can, to not check any of the mascots on this election sheet, and instead write in "Giant Douche."

This is ridiculous! Are we really going to go out there and play North Park like this?!

Well, yeah, but what if the grampa wants to die, cause he's really old, and he's just asking for help?

It's this place called Des Moines. It's like, lost in time, see?  Everybody looks like you do.  Fashion is two years behind, Technology is two years behind, fads, are two years behind, just like you. 

If we can go in, and get the GameSphere in 30 minutes, we could still be back at your house playing video games by midnight!

Guys! You guys!  Listen: Cartman has tens of thousands of voter ballots hidden somewhere. He's changed the outcome of the election!

Man. Cartman's more screwed up than I thought.

Love ...is the most important thing on... earth. When boys and girls feel ...love, they kiss.

It's all right. He can't kill us unless we agree to duel. 

Okay. We won't tell anybody as long as you are super nice to us, every day, from now on.

Yeah, but it's okay Butters. They have purity rings now.

Uh, sir, d'I have a lot of homework to do tonight and I was-

You know what I like best about you? You don't say, "hella," like our Cartman does. I swear, if he says that one more time, I'm gonna kill him! 

But I always read that Native Americans were here, and that Pilgrims and other settlers kind of took their lands from them.

I need $17 so we can win Terrance and Phillip dolls.

How can I not be nervous? Trying out for the All-State team has been my dream for years.

Dude, where is she gonna get fetus clothes?

Hey Stan, now that Terrance & Phillip has been taken off the air, what are we going to do for entertainment?

Ma'am, we are a very important talent agency. If your producers knew you were forcing people of our stature to the back of the line, well-

...And when she moved up and down, the little fetus jiggled.

...Okay Cartman, what do you want this time?

I don't know. I think... we've been given another chance.

Look, this is all getting way too big! Tell the movie studio you aren't selling the video to them.

Do you really think anything's gonna be any different now?!  Do you really think that this will have the tiniest, smallest effect on the world?  It's still the same old world out there. Look.  What the hell?

That isn't my idea! I saw a bus in a garage a couple of blocks back! We need to modify it!

Patrick Duffy? Damn it Cartman, that's not scary!

God damn it!  Wendy, Stan wants to know why you break up. 

Yeah. We're gonna call you Fartboy from now on.

Hey, why don't we watch some of those porno movie thingies?

Wow, I guess this really is a big deal.

I don't want to ask Mr. Hat, I'm asking you!

You're not filling out nicely, you're fatter than ever!

So, dude, do you have any brothers or sisters?

Yeah. Boy, am I glad to see you, Ike.

I- I can't do it... I can't do it. I...

Dammit! Son of a bitch, dammit!  Oh, sorry.

Okay. So we put little "woo" mouths on all our heads.  And then we shoot that for one frame.

Is that what this is all about?!  You came up with this whole idea so you could get a stupid toy?! 

We'll just have to keep throwing jabs to win the fight.

This place is rad. Look at all the trees and stuff.

We know he's dead. We mean, where is his body??

Kenny didn't have the ticket stub. It was in his room. So we got all our candy, and you can all go home.

Wait. Stan?  Hold on, is this my virtual reality, or Cartman's virtual reality?

Hey! Look at that line!  It's way shorter.

It is stupid and immature! So you got people to crap out of their mouths! What do you want, a feakin' medal?!

We got six days to make it to Los Angeles. If we keep our stops to a minimum, we should be able to get the episode pulled just in time.

Yep. But I guess this proves that war is the natural order of life.

Damnit! How come every time we get a sweet idea, the government has to screw it up?!

Well, but, this is the jacket I always wear.

"No, please! I promise I'll never make another album or movie!"

Hey!  How about you come to school with me tomorrow, so I can at least prove I'm not crazy to my friends.

But if the tape must be brought to the House of Butters, who else can do it?

But it's... it's not true they... have no souls. 

Yeah, maybe starting a detective club isn't such a bright idea.

Do you know what happened to me this morning, Stan? This morning... I woke up and felt a sharp pain in my ass. I felt down there and, and found this... big sore lump. On my ass, Stan. I couldn't even sit down, so... I, I had to tell my mother, which, which was humiliating. She took me to the doctor, which was more humiliating, a- a- nd he told me. I-I have a hemorrhoid. It's like an infected blood vessel on your ass. I'm nine years old, and I have a hemorrhoid, Stan. I have a hemorrhoid, and, Cartman has his own theme park.

"So this is how America works. We have gods and clods. My dad says America needs both rich and poor to survive, but I have a better idea."

I have to join Jewleeard and make Grandma proud!  Tell my parents I'll call them. 

Chef, do you know where "shit" comes from?

Rebecca, there's this dance, see, the South Park Elementary Bay Of Pigs Memorial Dance, and uh, now I was wondering, ih-ih-ih if you wanna go.

...No, dude, it really isn't cool. You all turned your backs on me. You're supposed to be my best friends and you just... treated me like nothing! And now you all expect me to just forget it all and, and hang out with you again like nothing happened?

Wow! I guess reading really does suck ass!

I don't know, but at least from now on, every time we look at the moon, we can know that Willzy-x is up there, dancing with the other zypods in his castle.

You sent us over to Kenny's house on purpose! You wanted us to get sick!

Dude! Our parents sent us over there to get us sick!

I didn't do anything to you. Timmy saw the turkey and wanted to get it. What do you want me to say to him?

Look, dude, things around here have changed. Sometimes, the only way to keep going is to make a left turn.

Come on, you guys! We better get to work! 

I couldn't get in to see the principal, Ike.

"Get ready", "answer the door", Jesus Christ, make up your friggin' mind! 

Well, looks like everything turned out alright for them.

Well, do you also do other surgeries like that?

If she wants to be with you, how about you have her tell all these people here?

We're not kids. We're full-grown men with dwarfism! How dare you assume that all midgets are children! We demand an apology!

No, the nipples are more in the middle, see? 

Now we just gotta wait for his urection, and I can give it to my dad.

There. Did you see? He just flipped you off.

Well, I attend South Park Elementary, ah-and... w-one of the teachers is having sssex with a student.

Well you should. The poor guy shouldn't be screamed for something that just isn't that big a deal at all. 

All this for a bunch of stupid movies?

Yyeah, except maybe it's not perfectly great, because to some degree, Ike and Ms. Stevenson are having an-.

Here's our cell phone, dude.  Will you call the police for us? 

Dude, look at Bebe.  Something seems different about her.

Guess what? You're not my best friend anymore! Cartman's my new best friend!

It wasn't my idea to burn the Wall-Mart down.

We're thinking that a lot of people in town starting too... 

I don't need Ike listening to you comment on anything!

Dad? Dad! What the hell are you doing?!

Only sixteen dollars? They can't be cool if they're only sixteen dollars. 

Why do they even allow those things in stored?

Aw I don't think he wants to play, dude.

Dude, you have to tell everyone. Right now.

The-that's not the right way to look at it, I-

It's true.  He doesn't care what faith you are.
Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo
he loves me and I love you
Therefore, vicariously he loves you
Even if-

Ah I was just trying to... just, just in one instance... No. No, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. 

Doesn't anyone understand the significance of "I'm sorry" anymore?

I'm confused. Did Ally Sheedy take that personality test?

They're just taking Indiana Jones and they're...  they're raping him! 

Dude, did your dad know that the show was being broadcast live?

'Cause, dombass, scary monsters don't eat big fat smelly bitches!

That's retarded! You didn't come up with that experiment, Cartman, you saw it in that movie, The Thing!

Yeah. They've kinda killed Kenny -'s look-alike. You bastards!

Hell no! I'm not being part of a four-member boy band! We'll look stupid!

You're doing the right thing, Stan. Don't you feel like you're a part of something now?

Nah, I can't. We should help look for him.

No, I'm being totally serious. That is the best idea you've ever had. You should run away to Mogadishu. You should go there right away. I'll even help pay for your ticket.

Yeah! I could just say I got my period! It's not like they'll check. I can just say I got my period, 'cause I really will get it someday! It's not really lying, it's just jumping the gun a little.

No. They're not a part of your betrayal?

Guys, I think we should bail out of this right now!

It was just thirty minutes of two women queefing on people!

Oh no! It's that  super-sad Sarah McLachlan commercial! Look away!

That's it!  I don't care about the fate of the world! Screw it!

Get up, fat boy! I'm gonna kick your ass!

Well, because, we don't really... believe in Jesus.

I guess we should all realize...  that history and alien technology really do go hand in hand. 

I know Cartman made it all up, okay?! I also know that nothing is more important for humanity than peace in the Middle East! I'm okay with this, Stan!

That penisbutt didn't lose weight eating sub sandwiches. He lost weight because he ate less of them and exercised.

I happen to be the one person who's putting everyone else's needs before their own!

Dude, you said you wouldn't say everything looked like shit!

Hey, so... do you wanna be Facebook friends?

Trent Boyett will do it. He's the toughest, baddest kid in preschool! 

Dude, have you really listened to the sixth track? I think it's my new favorite.

Ih it's me, Kyle Broflovski. I had a negroplasty. Can I play in the All-State team now?

Why did they search us? That marijawana never even made it to us.

Sorry, dude, but this fruity little club isn't taking our friend!

It's too late, fatass.  They'll be here in less than a minute.

Dude, I don't wanna watch this thing have a baby.

It just seems so unfair. People won't ever even know that the wrong man is in the White House.

No! Because you'll just crap out your butt and then say it came out of your mouth!

I don't care! You're not making me wait in the van again!

Goddamnit. We're gonna take a short break. Be back in five. 

But I feel like a basketball player. That's all I wanna do. 

That can't be. My parents wouldn't lie to me.

What do you think, Stan. These girls are pretty cute, huh?

Yeeah, you're welcome. I'm sorry I doubted you. And guys, I'm I'm sorry I acted like a know-it-all. 

All the cruel jokes and ridicule will finally be over! Are you happy now, God?! YOU made me look like this!

We won't let it happen again, Mr. Mackey, m'kay? 

I don't know about this, guys. I think sleds are dangerous.

He didn't want us for sex, fatass! Something is making him say those things.

Where are you going?  Ike, where are you going?

From who? We can't ask adults for help and there's nobody tougher than sixth graders.

They did it to us again! That dirty talent agency stole our client again!

Dude! We're not digging up my grandma; I'll get in trouble.

You guys don't understand! His wacko teacher is like a schoolgirl! They pass notes to each other in the classroom, they have sex at her house over lunch break,  and during class they sneak out and kiss in the hallways! 

Come on, dude. I wanna get out of here.

If she holds his hand in that theater it'll be all over.

Come out here and talk to me face to face! Open this door!

Cartman, you fucking hunk of fat, rat-fucking hunk of pig-fucking ass fat.

Just let us stay up a little longer, mom. Mr. Hankey's gotta show up. He always does.

He's going to kindergarten because he's a genius!

Uh, Timmy, if we back to the other kids with that turkey they're gonna be pissed!

I'm sorry you guys, but there is something we can do. We can go to Canada and see the Prime Minister like I said. If we can change his mind before Christmas, then your parents won't have to give my family money.

Hello, ma'am. My name is Kyle. And this is Cartman. We'd like to share our interest in David Blaine with you.

Okay, okay, you can have your powers back.

Dude, what the hell has gotten into Cartman??

They on'tday?!  Why the ellhay otnay?! It ooktay ourfay ourshay to akebay this Od-damnedgay akecay, and ownay we're otallytay ewedscray!

Miss Stevens, you have a bug on your back.

Really? Thanks, dude! I'm gonna go get a video camera! 

Come on, Stan. Hospitals aren't all that bad.

"David Blaine Workshop. Learn all about David Blaine at the Center for Magic." Dude, we gotta go.

I can't do that, I'd just feel too bad.

We understand you just sounded like a freakin' racist!

Okay. Here we go.  Hey! That was right on target.

Yeah, now what are we supposed to do?

I said, 'Larry King won't grant me three wishes.'

Well yeah, but not if your decision is for Turd Sandwich! What the hell is wrong with you?!

Cartman, stop! You don't know what you're doing!

Can't we just play hide and seek at home?

It's the holiday season, but the good times... are ending.Because what matters most isn't what's good, it's what's trending.
This younger generation, with their eyes and ears glued:
What's trending to them is trenders who trend on YouTube.

This would have never happened if you would have let Kenny be a princess in the first place!

Okay. since my dad's a lawyer, he says we can use any of his books we want.  Who wants to read them? 

Why would he put anything in your butts?

Mom, Dad!  They're gonna kill her! They're going to in-. Wait, what are you doing here?

We can get everyone back into the Christmas spirit by making our very own animated Christmas special, and showing it to everybody in town! 

That's it!  You're not getting high again until we have our Okama GameSphere back!

Yeah, let's watch Yo Gabba Gabba, like old times.

Because you spent all of our money on those stupid rides, fatass! Now, either you're getting on a bull or I'm gonna break your fuckin' head open!

Somebody bet on you, Jesus. You said yourself that one person still had money on you.

Well, it's 3:30; I don't see any god-damned underpants gnomes, Tweek.

It was really about the most man thing I think we've ever been a part of.

Yeah. I cross-referenced his MySpace page with realtor.com. His parents moved into that green house on Janice Street.

Excuse me, this isn't exactly what I had in mind!

Mr. Hat, may I please be excused from class?

No, that... I thought that was a lot.

You know something? I think that's good. It was wrong to make Timmy a singer.

No! No God damn it no! I'm telling you you're wrong! There, there's no way I can have HIV! Unless maybe...  Oh my God. That son of a bitch! 

Hang on.  Hold on a second.  I gues... I... guess... this is... goodbye, Willzy-x.  I'm gonna miss you.  Hey, don't forget me, okay? I won't forget you. 

This is not a woman! It is a succubus!

Hey, excuse me, but we need some help.

It's okay, Ike, you're going to be... okay.

You might as well just say Pilgrims and Indians were all aliens who came here and made some kind of intergalactic treaty!

It isn't fair!  I don't want to be an outcast!

I'll meet up with you guys in a little bit. I-I wanna hang out here some more.

...And if you look here, you can see how David Blaine performed the miracle of being frozen in ice at Times Square.

Comments on commentators, it's all changing so fast.Playing XBox with your brother is... just a thing of the past.
Now with Ma on her iPad, and Dad trending or trying,All the family is scattered, and the living room's dying.
Because it wasn't the outdoors or church or even trips to go ski,
What brought families together most was a good old TV
Now we watch things by ourselves and just tweet what we saw.
And if you try to complain, you get called a-

We don't know what you're talking about, lardbutt.

Oh, thank you! I was so eagerly awaiting your approval of my abilities! 

Well, how about we just say, "corporates should be stopped"?

Dude, we've been working this case since two-thirty!

Well, it isn't a guy teacher. It's a woman.

But that is what happened! It is! Tell them, Cartman!

You've always been a dick to me, Cartman, and I'm not inviting you. 

Oh, my ears feel like they're frozen off, and I think I have a hemorrhoid from sitting on the sled for so long.

Whoa Cartman. Looks like you didn't get much sleep last night.

Alright alright Kenny, calm down. You're too young to be getting BJs anyway. It's good you and Tammy are making a commitment to each other that isn't based on sex.

Dude, we have to do whatever we can to get that feeding tube put back in!

Well, I finally got my family to use the living room for an hour each night.

I can't wait to watch Terrance & Phillip with Bebe.

Can you believe it, Stan? I never thought global warming could happen so fast. I guess... I didn't listen.

There's four white birds!  This is what Grandma wants? She wants me to attend Jewleeard.

You did it, Mr. Hankey. You got rid of all the film people!

Maybe they took it literally when we said we wanted to adopt a kid.  Whoa! That was cool.

I don't think it matters, dude. This giant snake is gonna kill everyone soon. 

And then Craig was all like, "Tweek is scared o'me. He's a big chicken." And he started doing an impersonation of you being a chicken;  well, everybody in the world saw it!

Hm, I wasn't really going for "gay," I was more going for "wholesome."

You aren't gonna cut off his wee wee. Not today, you sick-ass weirdo!

Dude, because! You have to stand up for yourself! So will you fight him? 

That's us!  "Dear MOOP. This letter is to inform you that Faith Plus One's debut album has just sold one million copies."

I knew it! You didn't plan 9/11 and you really didn't shoot that guy!

Yeah! Like Stan gives a crap if Wendy breaks up!  Stan? 

I have to show you something.  I think it will change the way you feel about your impact here.

Okay, Stan, you've been an asshole to me all week! What is up?!

Aaaarrghhhhhh!  I'm not one of them! Do you understand me?! You'd better get that through your fat head! I will never be one of them, and if you say it again, I swear to God, I'll smash your fucking teeth in! 

Oh no way! Look!  The pan flute band's put in prison, just like what happened. 

Mr. Garrison, didn't the guy who shot John Lennon say it was because of this book?

Uhhh, how d- how do we start this thing?

Hey Ike, you wanna come watch TV with me?

We can't tell our parents, dude! We lied to everybody! Nobody knows we're responsible for Ms. Claridge's accident!

Oh, and what do you know about stem cells?!

Well it-... it's okay. there's no denying it all worked out for the best this time a-.

Cartman, you don't buy pubes, you grow them yourself!

Scott Tenorman is an eighth grader who sold Cartman his pubes for ten dollars, and now Cartman's all pissed off.

How exactly are we gonna use her to scare them?

Yeah, sweet! Maybe we can get a reward for the frozen guy!

Yeah. You used to sit in the living room with family and friends to hear their commentary on things. Now you can get it with a little guy in a window on the screen. Someone who just comments on stuff. I mean, really? Who would even WANT to do that?! 

This is terrible, dude! Maury Povich parades these poor people around on his show like carnival freaks! And then gives them prizes at the end after they joked about it. What a dick!

Aw, that's just a rumor. They don't really track y- 

All Wall-Marts start a self-destruction sequence if you break a mirror in the back.

Oh no, dental floss, what will I do?

You aren't gonna get away with this you stupid asshole! 

Don't worry. Everything's gonna work out. It always does.

Mr. Garrison, it's Kyle! Our egg is okay! We'll be there in a couple of minutes!

Uh... W-uh... but... Come o- come on! Really? I mean, aren't there more important things going on right now?

...And in conclusion, the Latino community has provided America, and indeed, the entire world with innovations that we would be lost without. And that is my presentation on the role of Hispanics in American technology. Thank you. 

Look, I doubt we could break a million together anyway.

Does it look like a pig, or an elephant?

Sorry, sorry. You know how after we spent the night at Kenny's house and-and you and Cartman got sick with chickenpox?

Yeah! Next time you make up a word, don't make up one that already exists!

Look, Stan, you want me to just take care of this egg?

Oh my God, this book says that negative and positive are the same thing; that real and not real are one.

I thought you didn't care about Wendy anymore.

Are you sure this is where they said to be?

Well look, if being around lots of cash negatively affects the HIV, then maybe...

Mom, it was nothing. Mohammad just stood there and then drank some tea.

Because we keep getting screwed over by your diarrhea!

It happens to be called poutine in Montreal! 

I think Clyde is kind of cool, but Craig is definitely cooler than Clyde.

If it's on the school network we can track the IP address.  This way. In here.  Whoever it is using the computer in the music room.

Wow! Oh, and look over there, that's that Jake Jabs guy from American Furniture Warehouse commercials. 

No thanks. We're trying to unbrainwash our friend.

Yeah well, I can't really afford to play anymore anyway. I'm about out of quarters.

I can seriously hold my breath longer than anybody. Somebody time me, all right?

Hey. Ms. Crabtree had that little TV, for the trainng video? Maybe we can watch TV on it.

Look man, w-we know what you learned was pretty tough to hear.

Stan, you can use family love as a weapon against Shelly.  The next time she's gonna kick your ass, just tell her, "Shelly, you're my sister, and I love you."

Stan, this is it. Time to stop feeling sorry for yourself and come home! Everyone cares about you and everyone wants you back!

No, I'm serious. What is that behind you?

He worked so hard, come so close. Now we'll never see Kenny crawl up into Ms. Crabtree's uterus.

That's it, Stan! I'm not sitting through a whole movie with you! 

Yeah. I guess that's the point. I don't think we're gonna understand. Maybe this IS all the beginning of a new art form. YouTube celebrities are only getting bigger. And what's great is that these people are inventing themselves, instead of being marketed and shoved down our throats.

So what should we do now? It's Saturday and we have to have as much fun as possible.

We've gotta do something, Chef. If we don't we don't stop that network,  "shit" will become an even more acceptable word!

You know why! Because we're trying to keep our parents from watching murder porn!

Hey, Butters!  I got tickets to go see Lion King tonight, and I decided to invite  YOU before anybody else.

Cartman, you dumbass! You can't get a new one!

The sea people from Cartman's side are suicide-bombing the buildings on Tweek's side.

But you're lying to people. If they knew that you didn't eat just all the sandwiches you want, you might not be so popular.

Hey, you know, that nurse is actually pretty cool.

All right, I really don't want to have to do this, but... I'm not happy with the direction this company is taking.

Throw 'em away!  Dudes, here he comes. Guys, stop coughing. 

I do not sound like Cartman goddamnit!  Okay, so, see ya. 

That's what you care about?! Who's the poorest kid in school now?!

The thing is, Ms. Claridge, we did a lot of stupid things when we were kids.

It wouldn't be funny if that Web site posted something about you!

We're gonna make a short animated Christmas card that everyone can watch and play it on the screen at the old drive-in.

Aah I think you'd rather hear this in private!

Don't get scared up in the mountains Cartman.

But you know, I've learned something today. I've learned that people who want power, a lot of power, always... end up dead.

We need some more fur.  I think that's good.

Wow, I wish we had a stupidest home video. 

There's no way we can go all the way back. We'll never make it now!

I got 'em! Four tickets, 68th row, to Terrance and Phillip! I waited in line since 3 this morning!

I was in the bathroom when you were talking to Butters, Cartman!  I know what-

God? Please, if you get me out of this, I swear, I will never play with weapons ever again.

Yeah. Good job, wizard fat ass! Now we're totally lost.

Hey! What the hell are you doing inside my little brother?!

No I'm not! God damn it Cartman, you're not gonna kill me off again!

Yes. I'm saying one-fourth of Americans are retards.

Dude, L. Ron Hubbard was a science-fiction writer. He lived on a boat with only young boys and got busted by the feds numerous times.

So how'd your date with Ms. Ellen go?

Excuse me, what are you doing to my locker?!

Set an open course for the virgin sea...

How come you didn't buy any cards, Stan?

Heeey Ike! Look what I got.  The new Call Of Duty! Do you wanna go downstairs and play?

Dude, we can't do a presentation on underpants gnomes. Mr. Garrison will fail us because you're making it up.

Aw, come on Dad, don't be such a Jew!

Look, we already have the guy's blog. Maybe we can find an address and check it out on MapQuest.

Yeah, so, where are they. Let's go get 'em.

If you didn't eat so much, you wouldn't have diarrhea all the time, fatass!

Mr. Jefferson just seems like he wants to be a kid, not have one.

You better! 'Cause if you don't find a cure for HIV, I will break your Xbox!

There. Do you really want that asshole to win?

I don't know where Cartman is. I think something took him away.

...a-are starting to take offense at your actions. We feel like you're starting to become-hmm... 

Alright, here it goes. Cartman, you aren't really here.

You made us pull you to safety because you ate treasure?! You son of a bitch!

It means Jehovah is going to use his powers to keep the Pharaoh from letting us go.

Ah, I don't know, it just feels like... there's got to be something else going on here.

Yeah. Your fat ass isn't on the sled!

Look, maybe he's forgiven us. I mean, we were only in preschool

Is it like a- haunted house or something?

Do you hear that, Stan? It worked! We've shut down the veal industry!  Stan? Stan?? 

We... came to learn the facts about people with red hair, light skin and freckles.

Let's do this together, dude.  Our only shot at playing any next-gen console is by teaming up. If you wanna game on a PS4, then I do too.

Let's just stay here and watch the whale swim around some more.

Because, dumbass, we can dare them to do gross stuff and make them cry! What? Were you born yesterday?

Don't worry. There's gotta be another cash for gold place around here somewhere.

God-damnit dude, your mom and dad want you to come home!

He is under alien control. That thing in his butt is linked up to the visitors!

I am taking it personally because Cartman is a retard! Just because he hit his head and went into a coma doesn't mean he's a- Wait, that's it. If I want people to listen to me, I just have to be as stupid as Cartman.

Do you know what those kids are going to do to you?! A little middle-class white boy telling them what to do? They are going to fucking murder you! 

Dude, my mom and dad keep fighting all the time. And both of them say it's because my dad doesn't have a nurection. So I want to get him one.  Damn it! What the hell is wrong with everybody? 

Well at least my mom's not on the cover of Crack Whore magazine!

They saw us on the tour.  Dude, where do you keep going, Cartman?

Get out of my way or I'll kick your ass!

Sure!
I have a little dreidel; I made it out of clay.
And when it's dry and ready, with dreidel I shall- everybody!

No! Chef, they've filled your head with lies! Can't you see that??

Oh for sure, dude! It's the most God-forsaken place on the planet! Things are finally gonna be normal around here.

No no, it's n-it's not like it sounds. Here, check it out.  See look, we just video the babies fighting over a ball full of crack. It's really getting popular!  I mean it, it's cool because like the commercial said, the crack babies had nothing before.  It, it's great, because everyone wins, you know? You see that? Two million hits.  Did you know they're putting bacon inside of pancakes at Denny's?

They knew that staying at Kenny's house would get us sick, and they made us do it anyway.

We're not letting you back in the band, Cartman! Fuck off!

Well, I fell down this ice cavern,  and I saw this block of ice, so I told my friend to throw a rope- 

Yeah, they're almost as big as his mom's. 

You guys, that's not cool. These people have nowhere to go.  They don't have food or shelter. We have to do something.

Cartman, Cartman! I heard that Stan somehow found out about our plan!

Hold tight, buddy. We're gonna find a cure for you. 

No, Cartman, we can't do it on Raymond again! It has to be on a current event in South Park. Tweek, do you have any ideas?

An online chat party for all his friends... Dude, I should get over there!

Cartman, we should probably talk about our chances.

I appreciate what you're trying to do, Mick, but I ain't a charity case yet.

Dude! I aced that test! I'm gonna win that dinner with Ms. Ellen!

They say they can do whatever they want because imaginary things aren't real!

That can't be true! My parents wouldn't do that!

I'm not being in any  faggy boy band!

No, fatass, I came to get my brother! We all have to get out of here! It isn't safe.

I don't know what the hell to do. The whole world's gone crazy.

Alright, this is gonna sting for a second. 

Oh, so you know what mung means, hunh?

Ah... Oh Butters,  it'll be all right. Listen, we've all learned that people look for meaning in books. And sometimes, even if it isn't there, they'll try and invent their own meaning.

Maybe the problem is we don't have very good stories to report on.

No! What we really should do is go to our parents right now and take responsibility for smoking ourselves. Even if it means getting grounded.

I didn't "bail," I got picked up by the government!

Look, Stam, we-we just wanted to be able to go to the movies and enjoy ourselves, you know? I'm sorry but... you're a bummer to be around. Everything is "that looks like shit" and, and "this is shitty!"

I wrote down... all the lyrics to the Happy Days theme song.

Well, I guess it's mostly the way Mr. Garrison stuck a gerbil up Mr. Slave's ass.

God dammit, Cartman! You can't keep making up new powers!

Well, we tried, dude. If anyone else in this craphole hates Americans, we'd better just leave the goat and get back to the plane!

Mom, Dad, have you ever met Ike's kindergarten teacher? 

Hey Stan, did you see that rainbow this morning?

You know what? I'll bet it was you!

Dude, I don't think Kenny's coming back. My dad said those Child Protective Services people are pretty serious.

Okay, Ike. You're my little brother, so I have to show you how to celebrate Hanukkah.  This is called a dreidel. You spin it and see where it lands. And you sing this song:
I have a little dreidel; I made it out of clay.
And when it's dry and ready, with dreidel I shall play. Oh,
Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay.
Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, with dreidel I shall play.

So you crapped out of your mouth! Good for you! It's still stupid and immature! 

No-no-no-no. Come on, fatass, we're gonna get 'em all back.

Yeah. It's almost as big as Cartman's ass.

Dude, if these guys are as bad as you say, then we have to do something!

I didn't feel comfortable in that stuff, dude. I'm just being me.

Who cares if your dog is gay? Maybe it's not that bad.

What, you been living under a rock? This is the new meme, Cat Taylor Swift Reporting.

There's not gonna be any robot guards, retard! Just get Kenny! 

So then, she's gonna be seeing other people? Is she, sort of, available?

Don't be stupid, Cartman. Our teacher wouldn't be out lying in the forest waiting to kill us!

Well, our friend Marvin and all his people have to live on a part of Earth that sucks ass. They can't grow food or nothin'.

Sssss-so ...Bebe ...didn't become smart and cool? It was just her boobs?

...french fries...pizza...pizza...pizza-french fries... I wonder where our parents are.

No, Cartman, we're going in there and splicing Fluffy and my elephant together.

Stan, don't you think this has gone far enough? Is it really that big a deal?  Yeah, just vote. For Giant Douche.

Yeah. But I have to say, I feel a lot better now.

Who cares? My parents deserve whatever they get. They're liars and cheats.

That's it.  I'm going to combine my elephant with a pot-bellied pig and make…pot-bellied elephants.  They'd be smart like elephants, but small like pigs.

Why are you people doing this? Why would you lie like this? To children?

Wendy, I just wanna get an A, okay? Let's not make this any more confusing than it already is. &lt;&gt;

Yeah he's an idiot but uh I'm sorry, I just... I can't do this anymore, okay? I... I can't do this anymore! 

Yeah. And then we can try the football field. 

You threw it away, Cartman! It's mine now.

Aw, they wanna fight! They just don't know it yet! 

I'm gonna buy a Walkman with my half.

Dude, that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard.

They never grow old because they die before they're 30!

Yeah, I just... well I just thought our company name would be more like uh... or-original

Whoa! What's wrong with your head?! Why are you shaking like that?

Eh I, I don't know what else to paint.

I just have a feeling this might be the last time we get to do this.

But where are we gonna get the money to buy costumes and and the instruments? 

Dude, look, we, we just saw all this stuff on History Channel.

Alright, Cartman. I'm gonna give you... a jail-time card.  You lose a turn.

Well, I turned off all my Apple stuff. They can't locate you if you don't have your stuff on, right? 

Look, we're just trying to show you there's other girls out there.

It's true. We think that word might be plaguing our friend, Kenny.

Don't you think you owe everyone an apology for bringing NAMBLA here?

Come on, Steve, you're going to Des Moines!

Would you stop scaring everyone with your dumb ass myth!

We think that you might have could it by helping make "shit" an everyday word. 

I need one ticket for my little brother.

You too! Right now! #webelieveinyou! We've got to make him appear! 

Guys, stop, stop!  We don't have to do this!

STAN, WE HAVE TO GET OUT OF HERE! 

Let's all try to help a little, 'cause 

Well, why did you pull it out of the trash?

Jesus, I can't do anything.  I'm just a fourth grader going against the entire government.  Uh, hello? Jesus?

Can someone help us? My little brother fell out of a window. 

Now she's doomed to walk the earth in limbo. 

So, what do you want to do now?

No, Butters. Look what it's done to you. It's made you even lamer than before.

Oh. Then what the hell are we talking to you for? Come on, guys.  Hi, are you Elton John?

Hey, we'd do anything for our bros, man.

Yeah. How are we supposed to know that pan flute bands would be outlawed?

And then takes you to Chipotle, and buys you more?

But Chef always helps us with our problems. When we have a problem, Chef sings to us and makes it better.

Don't you just feel a little bad for Clyde?

This part kinda sucks, Kenny, but don't screw it up. 

Another devastating loss for the Cows last night, Eric. They were ahead in the game until Kelly Anderson started crying because she missed her daddy, who's on a business trip in Thailand. Uh, Kelly was so upset she couldn't play, and the Cows had to forfeit.

Sorry Ms. Cartman, but your son took some things that didn't belong to him.

Jesus Christ! They can bat themselves out!  Our whole summer, dude. We have to play this boring game all summer long.

Dude, you can't do this! How can we be the Avengers without Captain America?

Mom, Dad, can I go with the guys to see the Raging Pussies?

We want all the country to see that Kenny is alive, and in pain!

It's not lame, it's sweet! After we build this clubhouse, we're gonna get girls to play Truth or Dare!

Yeah. So hurry up and die, you piece of crap! 

You're trying to confuse me now, aren't you?

Dude, this is probably the best episode they've ever done!

Both you guys, stop! Please. You're gonna make people hate us more!

(I can't take it! I want out right now!)

Yeah dude, like, full-on. Ike saw everything. It totally makes sense now. My mom's been ordering all kinds of stuff from Amazon lately. Sometimes, sh-she doesn't even remember what she's ordered. She's probably been having sex with the UPS man for a long time.

Dude, they don't care we knocked Butters' eye out with weapons?

What would we use a marble sack for?

...And see? Here's one from Butters. It says, "We can't wait to see you back in school, Kenny." And it has a picture of him and you in a little airplane! 

Dude, I was having this horrible nightmare that we were at this house, and it was filled with Cartmans!

Well, she's not here! That's just great! Thanks a lot, Stan! You're gonna get me busted again!

Yeah, you are! You always get in trouble

Oh, Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay.

Yeah. Check it out.  Ready Ike? Kick the baby!

Oh, hey Stan. Where's your best buddy, Gary?

Eh it's "Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow." I taped it last month.

Not because of the Jews, Butters! Who told you that?

Well there's nothing you can do, so you just have to be patient.

I can't say "ookie mouth" and have Kenny spit down my throat at the same time. It's impossible. 

Well good for them. They shouldn't! The writers are standing up and saying they aren't going to be intimidated!

Yeah. Did you make out with him, too?

Ike, you need to have a life. Have fun. Then ruin it by having a serious relationship. 

I'm going to New York to kill the Queer Eye For the Straight Guy people!

I just think I'd rather... control it instead of blame it on anything.

Yummy yummy yummy I want Cartman's farts in my tummy.

The Diamond of Pantheos.  She must be powerless now.

You guys! You guys! I have awesome news!

Oh wait. Hey AWESOM-O,  I'd also like some celery sticks chopped up two inches long, with peanut butter and raisins on top.

Dude, he must be loaded! What does he do?

But I'm gonna be Royal Crown Chinpokomon Master!

Whoa, dude. The road is really snowy out there.

But... we were so close... I'm sorry, Willzy-x. We tried.

You are gonna tell everyone that you lied and that we aren't a couple!

It just keeps getting worse. I see stuff from Amazon almost every day. My poor dad has no idea.

I didn't come here to talk about The Passion, Cartman!

Yeah! What the hell were we thinking?! Boooooo!

Ike! You are no longer to watch that stupid little YouTube blogging asshole! Do you understand?! You damn kids following these YouTube commentators is bad enough, but i will not have them invading my living room!

Hey, uh- we were all just talkin' about how when you get better, we're all gonna go down to Stark's Pond again and go camping. Huh, Stan?

Yeah Stan, we have to go find out if Cartman's pig is pregnant or not.  See ya. 

In there! Let's go!  Get this jamb on the door! 

Phil Collins Hill on Saturday! You got it!

Vi, Visitors, this morning you took my little brother, Ike. He's the little freckled kid that looks like a football. At first, I was happy you took him away. But I've learned something today. That having a little brother... is a pretty special thing.

Aw, stop it, Cartman! Your hand hand doesn't need to breathe!

You sonofabitch, Cartman!  You don't fart when you're locked in a small space with other people! 

Well wait a minute. Don't you see what happened?

That's exactly what I wanted to hear from you all along. Ah uh I still have to take Butters, but... I hope things can be cool too.

Cartman! We've been brainwashed, don't you see? We don't have to do this!

I was trying to make an appointment to see the principal about getting excused on Friday. So I can take my brother to go see Yo Gabba Gabba Live.

Ah, I thought we were speaking for the children.

Yeah, you're cool. And you don't say "hella."

Please? I need you to come sit down for a second.  So... Here we all are. Mom, do you want to tell Dad something?  Mom?

He was very brave. He risked his life so that Mephesto could live.

Yeah. I'm sure whatever that Super Adventure Club does is pretty tiring.

Come on! Let's go make fun of him!

Hey McNuggets. You wanna come play for us?

Well, you might have made it, but we're the ones who are taking care of it now. You have your own egg to look out for!

Revamp how? The rules are that the fourth grade class has to perform the Helen Keller Story.

Alright Cartman, I've been doin' a lot of thinking about how the company's gonna spend the money we make off the EA Sports deal. We're going to use thirty percent of the money to build an orphanage for the crack babies.

Sir, you recently passed a new law allowing parents who have given their children up for adoption to change their minds. My little brother was-

Chef, there's a new kid in school, and he's a total weirdo freak.

Listen, this is all you need to know: the economy is not a supernatural all-knowing entity. The economy is just an idea, made up by people, thousands of years ago. The economy is not real. And yet, it is real. Nowadays they'll give credit to practically anyone who applies for them.  I applied for this yesterday to prove a point. It is an American Express Platinum card.  It has no spending limit.  Do not be afraid! This is only plastic. It's just something made up by people. Truly meaningless until we put our faith in it. Faith is what makes an economy exist. Without faith, it is only plastic cards and paper money.

Because Butters isn't a total dick to me!

Wait. No wait a minute! I've got it. I've totally got it!

Wait a minute! I've got it! The bullriding contest. Cartman could ride a bull, and try to win $5000.  Think about it, dude: $5000. That's 1000 set of balls. That's 3000 balls! We'd have to win enough to get the dolls!

Then why the hell do they call it "veal"??

No! Didn't you guys learn anything? Look, if we make an album, all that's gonna happen is that people are gonna steal our songs for free off the Internet. We won't make a dime!

I'm going to break everything that you own! 

If only we had realized how special our time with his gigantic ass was.

Ike, there's been a mistake. You don't understand.

Yeah, and then Chef pulled up in his car. 

Is it illegal for Jewish people to eat Christmas snow?

How many tickets can we put you down for?

Yeah, but maybe we need a name that's more affirming, like, shows what we stand for.

We’ll get my dad to be Chef’s lawyer!

Who took all the pizza and the cake?  What the hell?

Well, maybe we can sneak in over there. Come on.  Sshh. 

Oh dude, check it out. I got a Jake Plummer.

Cartman, there's something I need to tell you.

You are not going to go on national television and spew a bunch of hate speech about Jewish people! I won't let you do it, Cartman!

No I won't, because you'd eat 'em first, tubby. 

Jesus Christ, you can't even walk down an aisle to get your candy? 

And so, red hair, light skin, and freckles are all passed down genetically. A child's red hair is not determined by the lack of a soul,  but by the melanins which control the pigment in all of our skins. Thank you. 

A U-Haul. What if we bring Muhammad to South Park in the back of a U-Haul, and he just stays in there out of sight?

You've had that cough a while, Kenny. You okay?

It's not cool! Ike isn't old enough to understand.

When the bar gets lowered, Token, we all pay the price. What if Honey Boo Boo was a little black girl? Being fattened up by her mom and talking about grits and hominy?

You mean you can see him?  Ah-I'm not crazy? 

I guess you should leave police work to the professionals, huh, Cartman?

We need to get our friend to a hospital right away!

Maybe their baby will be still-born, like Cartman was. 

Well uh, he'll have to do. Cartman has to get some practice with a real bull.

They're saying something about taking over the entire country.

Yeah, real life is so boring and stupid.

He's right. We have to take a hard stance right now and establish that we're the dominant ones in this relationship! 

They're not gonna show that stupid-ass Godzilla movie again, are they?

Just wait till everyone sees my sweet Chewbacca costume. They're gonna be so jealous... 

Well, actually, Cartman's getting a nurection. But then, we're gonna give it you. Sooo, buck up! 

No, I mean what happened at the Pentagon?!

I said go away!  My father said you aren't real.

Is that what you learned in sex ed?

Look, he knows full well what he's doing, and he's just waiting for us to buy into it, and then he'll laugh and point at our faces and say, "Haha, I got you guys to believe me!" "You guys are stupid!"

Aw Goddamnit, now you've made me miss my ride! My whole day is screwed up because of you! 

Well I don't know. You're just the only grownup we trust.

Okay, there. Now we can carry this egg around in this case without it getting cracked.

All I wanted was to play one level of Call of Duty and you know what Ike told me? He said the living room was for old people.

Trent Boyett is being released from Juvenile Hall.

Well, I've gotta go start our animation. We've only got two days. 

Hey yeah! What's that song she always sings? There's got to be a morning after.

Well, you guys can do what you want! I'm going down to that church to confess my sins and eat crackers! And I'm taking Ike with me! 

Yeah, but you know, I learned something today. We thought we could make money on the Internet. But, while the Internet is new and exciting for creative people, it hasn't matured as a distribution mechanism to the extent that one should trade real and immediate opportunities for income for the promise of future online revenue. It will be a few years before digital distribution of media on the Internet can be monetized to the extent that necessitates content producers to forgo their fair value in more traditional media.

Bu- but I got these tickets to see Lion King on stage.

Yeah. No more getting pushed around by fourth graders! 

If you knew something, but, you couldn't tell anyone, what... what would you do?

Well I wish I didn't have any parents! 

Ooh, who the hell cares? He's not even my responsibility.

These people aren't going to prove anything. To believe any of this you either have to be a liar, or stupid.

Cool! Maybe we can do that to Cartman's cat.

Well why don't you just tell people the truth?!

I was the one. I was too afraid to say anything, but I can't let Kenny be sock-bathed for it.

I hate this town. I-I really really do.

Come on. Let's go see how Cartman is doing with his uh, urection.

Hey you guys! You guys are not gonna believe this!

I'm not better, I'm just... doing what needs to be done to make the world a better place.

Do you know how to start a fire?

If we're playing outside he shows up completely wasted and, and screaming how the government is following 'im.

What's the big deal? Don't you understand what ignorant prejudice like that can lead to? I have to disprove Cartman's hateful rumors! Do you know any red-haired, freckled kids?

Cartman, you go ahead and do the commercial tomorrow. But I'm warning you, those anti-smoking people are liars and they're bullies who will stop at nothing to get what they want, and that means they're dangerous. 

You're watching someone play Call Of Duty and talk about it?

What the hell does that have to do with American history?

Don't let him touch you! You die if he touches you!

That system is totally screwed up and does nothing but wreak havoc!

Let's take a test sample: There's four of us, you're a retard, that's one-fourth.

Look, Cartman, I don't know what's gotten into you, but... I I think it's pretty amazing. And I think it's real. You have to understand why I didn't believe you before.

How could we know she would... Aw we suck so hard.

Mine neither. But I double-checked, and Cartman was right. Your period is the start of puberty.

No, I'm not there. I'm at a hospital. I I'm hearing you in my imagination.

He's not a douche! He talked to my grandma!

Holy shit. Then this is all real. We've all been here from the beginning. Taking turns on the Oculus Rift headset.

Well I didn't have her do it. She did it on her own.

Wait!  I brought him! I brought him to show you! 

Well... maybe I'll take just half a hit of acid.

Come on, dude. We've gotta get out of here. I don't know what they're planning next, but it can't be good! 

Hold on, this fight could last more than twelve hours. What if we run out of food?

Ike, I don't know what to do. All the guys are getting their periods, and I don't think I am. I can't be the last one to get it. I just can't!

Ten million?? Well that's more than the Germans want!

We need him to win a bullriding contest so we can get Terrance and Phillip dolls. Can he still do it?

Guys, Ike has gotten worse. I'm really worried about him. He says he's still seeing dead celebrities.

All right! We're getting the hell out of here! 

I left my wife today. Walked out of the apartment without saying a word. I ran away from my responsibilities... just like I always do.  And I, again, am alone. 

Get up, Cartman! You're still not staying on long enough! 

Fun for children?! Fun for children?! Look at me, Dad! I don't even know what's real anymore! Weaaaah! 

The whale's name is Willzy-x, and he told us he's dying on our planet. We've come up wth a plan, but we're gonna need all of your help to make it work.

Sooo, theoretically, if someone was to step in, it would beee, okayyy?

Phew. The one videotape is sought after indeed.

Excuse me, sir? I think I know who did this. We saw this guy at the last crime scene, and, and you know how serial killers sometimes return to the scene of the crime? Well, I followed this guy to his house, and when he left again, I collected some fingerprints and did a blood-sample analysis.  I'm pretty sure he's your man.

Hoh! Uh, Rebecca. There's this dance, see, at the school, and um,

God damn it this is serious, you guys! Cartman has stolen the election!

Cartman, I'm going to tell you something, and I need you to believe me, even if it seems impossible.

You see, we've learned something today. Swearing can be fun, but doing it all the time causes a lot of problems.

What?! You said we had plenty of money, Cartman!

All you need to know is I'm way awesomer than you think, okay?!

It would've been faster if Cartman hadn't slashed the tires!

Oh well, I I grew up in the shity, ah ah I really don't care for it. Ah I come from a Jewish family, which of course you already know, because Kyle's from the same family.  I like to read, and I have these polyps on the backs of my hands - I don't know what they are.

That thing is pretty cool. What games did you get with it?

No, my little brother's been abducted by aliens.  It's true! Ask Cartman, they gave him an anal probe.

Cartman, there are people in the world who really have Tourette's Syndrome. This isn't funny!

Well what the hell are you doing?! This isn't gonna work now!

Hey dudes.  Sorry I couldn't make it yesterday. What'd you guys do?

Now, don't go saying that. There's always hope. Miracles happen most every day.
To people like you, and me.
But don't expect a miracle.
Unless you help make it to be.
You hope, and I'll hurry.
You pray, and I'll plan
We'll do what's necessary, 'cause
Even a miracle needs a hand!

That's right, we've still got Lorde. You talked to your dad, right Stan?

Yeah, Cartman, you're swimming around in first-grader pee.

Aww gee, that's... so sad. Everyone should have one Facebook friend.

We totally think you should have more money.

You've got the best balls in the whole world, Chef.

You've been on your fucking phone since we started!

Okay, hang on guys. I'll use my special power to see into the future and find out where we should head next.

Our little man is growing up, Stan. He's growing up.

I dunno. I just have this sudden urge to go back.

God damn it! I don't want him to jump over more a-

You said we have no idea that you're never let us hurt Wall-Mart!

Well, let's try the dictionary.  queasy, Quebec, queen quelch. No queef.

Oh wait. Wait, I'm supposed to play here.  Hey, Mick, w-would you mind if I stepped out for a sec?

Give it up, Kenny! You're not gonna win that costume contest! Your costumes always suck. 

I know! But that doesn't matter any more! These kids don't wanna play the game, they just wanna watch people on YouTube play it. And you know why? Commentary.

Why are they all out driving at the same time?

Please, you guys. This is for Earth Day.  You care about Mother Earth, don't you?

You need to freeze some of your ass off.

Dude, boars are only worth two experience points apiece. Do you know how many we would have to kill to get up 30 levels?

Yeah, you can't get it if you don't breathe.

Where is Cartman? He said he was gonna bring money for us to buy a pumpkin.

What should we do, dude? That big snake keeps growing; it's gonna demolish the whole state soon!

We got Cartman's pig so we can splice its genes with my elephant's.

Buy me out?! What are you saying?! What makes you so high and mighty you can buy me out?!

Don't hurt anybody, sir. We could try and fix this.

Just take a shot or pass the ball, asshole! It's getting late!

That's it.  That's how our parents broke the passcode. I never thought anyone would stoop so low!

We can't. We're saving our money for the balls in Jennifer Love Hewitt's mouth game.

You said "fuck you" to my face, Stan.

How dare she talk to us like that?!

Broflovski looks for Kenny to get clear for the pass.

Hey, Stan. Do you know how to play Truth or Dare?

Ih it sure is quiet up here in the mountains and it's dry, too. Do you have a humidi-humidifier?

Guantanamo Bay?! We can't go to Guantanamo Bay!

Well, c-cause dude, I'm Jewish, a-and you know...

Ike, what's the matter?  Dude, you've been in here crying all morning. What's going on?  Oh. My. God. Ike, a-are you sure about this?

Mr. Garrison, seriously, I have to go. Can I please be excused from class?

If they give you something small, will you end the strike?

Oh. Ah, we're trying to reach Oculus Customer Service.

Don't know, but it kicks ass.  Wow, dude, you're the luckiest kid in South Park.

Aww, come on, you guys! It's supposed to be really cool.

Ya see Ike? There's nothing. There's nothing for you to be afraid of.

Well, it looks like she's not going to show up, Stan. Let's go look for the visitors now.

I'm the whole solar system! The planets even all revolve the right way. That tub of candy is as good as mine!

Dude, are you sure you wanna do this? Apparently this guy has a black belt in karate.

Did you guys hear what's going on? There's like four girls at the school now offering to kiss boys for money.

Oh c-come on, that can't be why they're all here. There has to be another reason.

I can see clearly now, the rain is goneI can see all obstacles in my way-

I am picking up carbon-based life forms in Sector C. I believe we will find a village of peaceful aliens over that ridge. 

Dude, it's bad enough we have to sit here without you taking a crap every ten minutes!

You don't wanna go back to stinky Romania, do you? It sucks there.

Ike, please. I know your first love seems like the only love, but trust me, it's not. You have so much life ahead of you. 

Hi. We were wondering why fatass  I mean, Cartman, hasn't been showing up for school.

Oh, so big deal, guys! Do you feel better now? Clyde's the best looking kid in the class. And then Token and Stan, and last is Francis, Cartman, and...  Me?

Dude, I don't wanna see a bunch of guys' penises!

Oh no. Nohoho no. Cartman, don;t you do this! The Middle East is finally at peace!

I hate picture day at school! It's always some gay-ass photographer with some gay-ass backdrop of New England!

You're not copying my homework, you lazy turd.

A break from what?! You haven't done anything!

Ohhh, no you don't. That isn't gonna work on me, Canadian!

Alright guys, listen up! This may sound a little strange, but, the whale, at the Denver Sea Park, is going to die, unless we get it to the moon,

Don't worry, Ike. Squirts is fun. And I'll be right over there in the next building. 

She's really taking this grade seriously, Stan. I'm gonna come over so that we can take our egg to school together, all right?

Check it out, dude. The camera shoots one frame at a time. So, all we gotta do, is put the right mouth on, according to what syllable they're pronouncing at that frame.

I was just explaining how a negative argument doesn't make a po-

I can't believe they would put a fake Mr. Hankey in a mall! If Mr. Hankey ever found out, he'd be so pissed!

I know it's hard to believe, but you have to trust me.

L-look, I was just suggesting that maybe this one person could control what he said, but just didn't, for fun.

Look, my fat bastard friend is trying to trick the network into getting Family Guy off the air.

Yeah. Hey Stan, what did your dad mean when he said we're gonna play Truth or Dare?

This is the worst day of my life.

Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo. Haven't you guys ever heard of it?

Well Stan, you want to know what I think?

K... what if we cover his face with a paper bag?

Hey yeah, what about poor McNuggets? What's he gonna do now?

I'm gonna make a new costume during recess. I can still win that candy.

Uh, hi, we want you to end this strike. 

Yeah, isn't he just supposed to be learning how to read?

Can you imagine it, Stan. A mind, emptied by that... thing.

Goddammit Cartman, will you stop wasting time? I wanna get this over with!

You guys, we've just been screwed over and lied to!

Dude, my brother's in Milan. There's nothing I can do.

Dude, we're gonna see the new Zoopeeker movie!

Cartman, what the hell are you doing here?! You quit!

NO! I put your headset on, and came here to-

It's about time, Kenny! Did you bring the pumpkin?

A ladder to heaven.  We build it, climb up, and get our winning ticket back from that asshole Kenny.

Hang in there, Ike. We're gonna get you help.

Wow! I had already forgotten how great third grade was.

Wow, look at all these people playing right now.

We're here dude. Just a little further and we can finally end this.

Hello. There are certain networks that we see as harmful to our families, and we want them removed, please.

Then we should go to the record company. My dad's a lawyer, dude; he tells me about this stuff all the time.

God-dammit. Come on, guys. We gotta go to Butters' house.

W-well, 'cause we want all of those fags to get out of town.

We d-didn't think it was that big a deal.

Yeah. People are willing to pay big money to see Kenny do this stuff.

You've never watched the news, fatass!  And what the hell does that have to do with anything?!

Don't be nervous, Cartman. This is gonna be cake.

We don't have time for this! Kenny, keep him away from us! 

Dude. I don't know if I'm going to like the new Eric Cartman.

Ike, I didn't tell on you, you got busted by the hallway monitor.  Okay, okay. I did have something to do with it. But someday you're gonna realize it was for the best.

Yeah, that's Cave of the Winds. It's a tourist attraction.

Well? Are you happy, Cartman? Butters is completely traumatized!

This is so retarded, Cartman. You've got everyone believing your stupid story.

Really sorry about all this, dude.  So what the heck are we gonna do now? Muhammad isn't safe here.

Huuh, I wah... just ah... well... that's all. 

Hey, come back! We didn't even get to do our play. 

Why the hell would they want that anyway?  Episode I sucked balls.

Be sure to take me to the same hospital!

Look guys, all we need to do is split up and apply some good diversion tactics. We'll use the Texans' emotions against them.

Butters, you don't really believe that, do you?

How do you know? You weren't even there.

You guys, we can't let him do this!

Dude! He turned Kenny into a duck-billed platypus.

This was supposed to be my story! My coming to terms with a guilty conscience! This isn't fair!

Well, everyone in the world thinks you are. See ya. 

Look everybody, I know we all feel our hands are tied, but the fact is, we can do something about this. There's an app which can actually allow kids to block things that their parents watch on television. And it is password-protected with a security code that only a child would know.

What the hell are we going to do??

No asshole! From now on you only get to have one power! So what is it?!

He said the Muslims beat them here-  God damn it!

Well, YOU don't, because you're a non-caring asshole, Cartman!

No, you're fat to begin with, chubby! Now you're Texan too!

Did you guys ever see that one Brady Bunch where the guy... 

No you're not!  I read the brochure, Cartman! If you're under eighteen, you have to have a parent with you to sign up for the Special Olympics.

Dude! I've been freaked out this whole time because of that guy's movie?

Yeah. They're tryin' to scare everybody 'cause they're gay wads.

Stan, I don't think we're supposed to be in the military base. They might shoot us.

No, Cartman. You said nobody will have to be grounded. We're not playing dirty!

You don't understand! Willzy-x is from the moon! He'll die if we don't get him back, now! Willzy-x, you have to talk! Come on boy, you have to! I know you're sick, but you could do it!

Okay, then let's take him to the hospital. You hear that, fatso!  You're goin' to the hospital!

Shut up about Jews, fatass! You don't know anything!

Hello. I'm Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States.

You see? And then I can take all my homework on my iPad, and swipe it over to my iPhone.

Maybe they should project the movies on Cartman's ass. 

...Yeah. Or we could just show our asses.

No no, he's right! We've gotta make it for someone in need so that people have to go.

Yeah, I like him a lot more than Cartman.

You don't know what you're talking about, fatass!

How much do you think Mr. Mackey needs?

Aagh! For Christ's sake, Cartman, when was the last time you changed your socks?

Ike, I'm sorry, but I couldn't get us out of school Friday. I can't take you to Yo Gabba Gabba Live.

You found Cartman like this and you think he's somehow trapped in virtual reality?

No you're not, dude! You're a guy in a panda costume! 

That's one twenty-fourth of a second of our movie already shot! 

You're gonna give up on Faith Hilling just like that, Butters? How could you?

Time for you to get proven wrong, fat boy.

But I can't, because, what if thinking about it is the only thing keeping my space-time together? 

No! No, I'm not going to Peru! Not Peru! 

You just feel bad for yourself that you're in detention!

Yeah. I don't remember him saying anything about this.

Whoa, dude. Your dad is watching Terrance and Phillip.

Everything turned out okay for those people. And so now you can laugh.

Well, Stan I have to harvest my crops before it's too late.

The author meant to be as gross as possible because it was funny!

Cartman, you hike me the ball, then somebody run, and I'll throw it at something. Ready?!

Well, what about those two college guys next door to me? They're always doing science experiments in their basement.

I can't lose another friend. First Kenny and now Stan? All I'm gonna have left are you two douches. 

What? How the hell do I only have 37 friends?

This is Cartman. I have to take it.  Hello?

Well, then you gotta ride it out, Butters.

There's really people out there without a Facebook friend in the world? That's so wrong.

Wait a minute. Ha-how the hell did these two guys end up here?

Just, you know, make some money off him. Like Honey Boo boo.

But it's gotta be perfect. We're trending well, but we need to attract more followers who want good old family values.

This is when you gotta get mean, Tweek.

Ookie mouth!  Gross! I can't do it, Ma!

There it is!  That must be of the antelope family.

You wanna bet?  Let's go ask my Dad right now!

You see? Nothing, dude. Just a bunch of stars.

Calm down Butters! The men are taking action. But we need to take your picture.

Let me ask you something, Jimmy: What happens on level 2 after you get the Ontario Nugget?!

Dude, maybe we don't have to rip a tooth out of Kenny's mouth.

Well, I... kind of gave a homeless guy twenty dollars last night.

We don't even understand how this game is played.

Stan, do you pick giant douche or turd sandwich?

Dude, dressing up like Hitler is not badass!

He's a magician named David Blaine, dude. He kicks ass.

Okay. Today's word is "spirituality." What that means to me is uh- 

Cartman got his, then Kenny. What if tomorrow Stan says he got his and I'm left out? I might not even get to be their friend anymore.

All we wanna know is, who has our Okama GameSphere?

Dude, we're totally lost! We're gonna die out here!

Kinda like Cartman's dad shipped out on him.

See, when you start invading people's privacy, eh thinking it's harmless to put up pictures of them they didn't want up - Kenny! - you start a domino effect that eventually screws everything up for everybody!

Our parents won't let us have weapons, dude. 

I don't know what we're going to do? It's been like four hours and people still won't talk to us.

Are you guys having a meeting or something?

(I need some help! I can't take it!)

Don't worry, you guys. He forgot about Kenny. Kenny will help us.

Of course it smells like ass, retard. It's a sewer! 

Cartman, you're such a fat ass that when you walk down the street people go "God damn it, that's a big fat ass!"

So... why would one come to America to warn us about a terrorist attack.

We don't know. They lost all contact with him.

Llook, I know I'm not the best-looking guy in town, but I I didn't think I was the very ugliest.

All these people are going to be gaming on XBox. You really wanna just game with Craig the rest of your life?

Is that why there's crap on my doorstep every morning?

Dude, I don't think 8-year olds are supposed to take hormones.

Nah. Dude, I c-I can't go to have a birthday party while Butters is missing.

It wasn't like Faith Hilling was that great. I mean-

You guys!  You gotta help me. These business casual G-men are trying to kidnap me!

They're evil! I WISH I DIDN'T HAVE ANY PARENTS!

I've even unplugged it and plugged it back in.

I know, but he posted a message of me with a schlong on my head.

Dude, an awards show just for comedy sounds like a bad idea.

Four tickets to The Lion King on stage!

Craig, if Cartman didn't do anything, then he doesn't deserve any of the credit!

Dude! Dude okay! Stop! I'm sorry!  Says that you are currently... hosting an online chat party for all your friends.

Oh, we're just makin' a cradle out of an egg carton for our egg. We figure that way it'll be easier to keep safe so we can get an A.

No. This Saturday, for my birthday, my Mom says she's takin' me to Casa Bonita, in Denver, and I get to invite three friends!.

Kenny didn't have the head lice, all right?!  It was me.

We couldn't get trapped here forever, Cartman. We'd die after a couple of days. 

I am sorry, Mr. and Mrs. Keller, but I'm afraid your daughter Helen still cannot see, hear, or speak.

Copy, Fox trot, let's fly in the goods Tango.

I just don't know what to do. I mean, I hate Cartman with all my heart, but I can't stop feeling ashamed for taking advantage of him. But should I feel ashamed? Oh, whatever lowered the bar is not my fault. So if I kind of go with it, is it really unfair to Cartman?

I think Stan might've been right. Anyway, I think it's going too far. I mean, if I kill myself, it's gonna make my family really sad.

Don't worry. We'll do this quick, okay? Just hang on, Mr. Hankey, just hang on!

Boy, it looks like you're not welcome anywhere elephant.  See ya. 

Why?! So I could be sitting in the hospital waiting to die, like Stan?!

Wwait, what do you mean? Stan's in danger?

We got the money, Mr. Hankey. We're gonna make our animated Christmas card.

Stan, we can't be seen with this nutjob!  Aw, aw, awww!

He just... He just... stopped breathing. And it was over.

If we as a people choose not to believe that Jesus is the Son of God, then we can still apologize for the brutal way in which he was killed, and take our share of the responsibility for it.

Dude, you killed your own dad, and you're worried about that?!

Kenny, all you did after the cat peed in your face was start running around in circles cheering.

No, I was taking a crap, and I heard you guys talking!

Listen, guys, I appreciate you wanting me around, but, the fact of the matter is, well, yeh, you guys are just kind of douche bags.

We came on our own 'cause our friend's purity ring is killing him.

...Excuse me, I have to step out for a minute. 

I know. Something big is going on. Take a look at this. I did a Google search for "Hillary Clinton Campaign Rally" right? And one of the links was to YouTube, where this Russian guy had a bunch of videos.

Uh alright, sorry kid. Gue- guess we have the wrong house.

Yeah, but Cyborg Bill is totally gay now. Please Mom? Everybody else has Chinpokomon.

No, I just can't get it to load.

Well, he screwed us by makin' something up; I say we do the same thing.

We... didn't realize what we were doing, eh...

Until we get people to stop downloading music for free, I say we refuse to play!

No, Cartman, I have no idea what you're talking about!

Did Cartman just say "shitballs" to the principal?

Fine. That's it. I give up. Have fun being miserable.

What the hell is wrong? "Can't find the server" Kickstarter. 

Aw, come on, dude! All you've done for the last four days is mope around! You might as well hang out with those Goth kids who dress in black and talk about pain all the time!

You did it, Mr. Hankey. You brought back the spirit of Christmas!

I'm going to try to save Stan and Butters from getting nuked!

Hey. Do you ever think maybe you shouldn't give your son coffee?

Cartman, are you still trying to become a lesbian?!

Jesus, this sucks! All they keep doin' is dancing around!

My name is Kyle Broflovski. My friend was raped last Memorial Day weekend. And, and I  I'm gonna help prosecute the men responsible.

You dumbass, Cartman! Now they're gonna go squeeze his balls!

Eh... hey, Cartman?  You really don't care that you can't go?

You guys don't even make a six-layer burrito!

Chef, the police are asking questions about you!

All right.  All right, I guess it's possible.

Dear Mr. Castro:  I am an eight-year-old American boy who lives in South Park.

No, Ike! You can't come to school with me. 

They all laugh at me!  And the girls giggle behind my back!  unable to even glance at my disfigured face.

You don't understand what my mom will do to me if she finds out I was playing with weapons!

You'll never get a platinum album doing Christian rock, Cartman! It was a stupid idea then, and it's a stupid idea now!

Yes it is a big deal! Why do you think everyone washes their hands after they go to the bathroom?!

Hey, are you guys gonna come to Ike's party this weekend?

They got us a truck, and an airplane, and Mr. Worf! The calves are gonna be okay!

Nuh uh! It's "Whoever denied it, supplied it!"

Yeah, I don't even know if I'm gonna watch it anymore.

Look, I know it isn't exactly what we wanted, but maybe we can train it.

I didn't see a handkerchief. Did you see a handkerchief, Kenny?

Don't panic. I'll tell you what to say.  You can tell them...

Oh my God. This is like a third-world country.

This is sweet, being rugged outdoorsmen.  Facing the wilderness, not having to be home until 8:30,... 

City of Brentwood
They take really good care
of all their homeless

You know God damned well what's going on! This ends right now! We are a family, and you need to go somewhere else!

Beause he's a fat racist self-centered intolerant manipulating sociopath!

He talked! I swear to Abraham he talked, and he loves rocket ships!

Yeah, you're a great Meheecan, Butters, just not a great leader of Meheeco. 

Good thing we made those changes to the seating.

Well, what's the point? Jimmy always wins with his stand-up comedy.

Wait. The U.S. Government has a portal to the imagination?

Dude, you can't miss Halloween! You have your iPad?

No dude, I'm out. Go talk to her yourself. Be poetic. 

Anyways, I need you guys to help me so that my parents don't realize Ike is gone.  Knock it off, asshole!

But Dad, this is all the never-before-seen footage.

Nobody wants any of your stuff, you fat bitch!

I'll die if I do swim in it!

All right, this is it! If Wall-Mart has a heart, we have to find it and destroy it! No matter what the Wall-Mart does to try to stop us, we have to be strong! Let's do it.

Chop off his wee wee?! Are you sure?!

Dad, there is so a tooth fairy, huh?

Stop being a pouty little bitch 'cause you lost, Cartman!

Oh my God, you're right! You're totally right!! EVERYONE! GET A NEW TREND GOING! FAST! #webelieveinyou!

Why do you put them into people's asses? Are you planning some kind of alien takeover?

Lots of people will when I tell them!

Well, I just found out I'm a sex addict. I'm so scared, I haven't even told my mom yet.

That's nothing compared to what my mom will do to me if she finds out I've been lying for five years!

Hey, Cartman, do you think God's getting mad at you for not making $10 million? 

You guys can't tell anybody, all right? Not until I figure out what to do.

Twenty... million?  Are you nuts? We don't have that kind of money.

It sure is. Do you want me to watch it with you, Ike?

Hello?  Excuse me. I'm here to pick up Ike?  Uh, hello? Is Ike here?  Hello? 

Come on, Ike! I promise I'll be nice to you from now on!

Could I please one of your piping-hot farts in my mouth?

Yeah, and, we don't know whether or not we should care.

Yeah, maybe that just kind of what they do naturally.

Oh. Hey, that's not very nice, Mayor. Just because a person is gay doesn't mean he's a fag.

So, you guys are totally broken up then? It's... done?

Dude, totally. With Kenny's Magic skills, we could probably kick serious ass!

Maybe we need to make students think they have to watch our news show or they'll die.

How are we supposed to name our startup company if every name is already taken?!

No, we don't want to enter any of your stupid shelter!

I know that I'll have to testify, that I'll have to... relive what I saw that day.  But I can't let Spielberg and Lucas get away with it. Not this time. Even if I have to do it alone.

Dude, if 4 million people play the brown noise at the same time-

All right, all right, you could be Jesus, you tubby cry-baby!

Don't try and stop me, Stan! You don't know how it feels to be a deformed monstrosity!

All right, cool.  Let's download some Metallica, and some Stevie Wonder. 

Yeah. I think maybe everything is gonna be okay now.

We're not bailing on the party, we're just think there's... more important things right now!

Do you?! Do you, Stan?! Because all my life I was raised to believe in Jehovah! To believe that we should all behave a certain way and good things will come to us. I make mistakes, but every week I try to better myself. I'm always saying, "You know, I learned something today..." and what does this so-called God give me in return? A hemorrhoid. He doesn't make sense!  What is your logic?!  Ow. 

That's great, Butters, but we're not playing Detective anymore. We're playing laundromat owners.

I don't care if I signed an agreement!

Uuuh. Well, the truth is, we didn't write that paper last time. 

When I say "go," you slam your electric wheelchair into high gear. Okay, Timmy?

Hey, it's a fire. That means there must be people. 

No, what marches in, crawls up your leg and bites the inside of your ass?

You won't get more votes than us, asshole!

Stan, we're almost there. You've got to hold on.

How do we make three hundred thousand dollars doing that?

Come on, Cartman! You haven't liked anybody else!

To City Wok so we can make our money. God!

Don't worry, dude. That little truck just runs on D batteries. It's gonna run out of juice soon. 

All that time and effort we spent helping Token and this is the thanks we get?!

Everyone is watching everything.  Ike?  Ike, if you can hear me, I'm sorry. I have been a grandpa.  I didn't understand the things you are into and I and I thought you should like the same stuff that I did.  I have to accept that you're gonna have your own things. I just didn't want you to watch HIM. I just... I just wanna be a family again.

Well, we can still pre-tend like we know what it means.

Is, is this? Do you think this is cool?

What's the matter, Mr. Hankey? Are you sick?

But I can't wait to be an adult to be happy. That's forever from now.

Cartman released the PS4s Cartman. They're being reviewed. People are liking them.

And did you see her lazy eye? You can't even tell what she's looking at.

Okay, okay. Stan, you're right. Maybe I let being a martyr go to my head. Just please, let me stay on this path, and, I'll try to be cool about it. Okay? I'm sorry.

I can't take it anymore.  Why do people say "long story short"? They're not making it short, Stan.

He was out all alone in the middle of the night. Mr. Jefferson isn't even home.

We're all here today because Chef has been such an important part of our lives. A lot of us don't agree with the choices Chef has made in the past few days.  Some of us... feel hurt... and confused that he seemed to turn his back on us.  But we can't let the events of the last week take away the memories of how much Chef made us smile.  I'm gonna remember Chef as the jolly old guy who always broke into song.  I'm gonna remember Chef... as the guy who gave us advice to live by.  So you see, we shouldn't be mad at Chef for leaving us. We should be mad at that little fruity club for scrambling his brains.

Oh come on! It's obvious what happens! I get killed by Santa Claus so that Christmas is saved!

Well, you're not gonna last down here either, Mr. Hankey. Now, come on! I'm not gonna let you die!

Sir? Sir, can we talk to you for just a second?

I think out band better buy a whole bunch of music CDs to listen to for inspiration.

Yeah, but if they're wrong, no big deal. If we're wrong, we burn in hell.

I am Tooth Decay. Your teeth shall be mine. With candy and treats I will take-

Look, just go ahead and play, alright?  Leave me alone.  Can I get a Fresca, please?

Look, the truth is, we all have a bigger problem now, and you know it. Nobody is going to get anything if we don't work together against those thousands of other shoppers.

Dude! He got Brent Musberger for a leg!

Hey, how do we know if she's pregnant?

But I'll get snow on my gloves and then it will melt and I'll have wet hands.

Heidi Turner said you asked her to borrow superglue last week.

You can't kill all three of us, Cartman!

Come on, Kenny. You have to get in the circle.

Don't you get it?! You can't have any Trapper Keepers, fat ass!

Hey! I'm doing it to save little baby cows. I'm not gonna stop eating meat altogether.

I'm not arguing about The Passion! He's being an asshole!

Stan, you're just jealous of that third grader and you think Wendy's gonna go for him unless you start singing and dancing too.

Now, that's what I call a sticky situation. 

This is our shot at making it into the WWE. To be real wrestlers. 

City Wok brought him down to a size 4.

I went up to Jambu's tank and I tapped three times like the trainer did. Jambu swam up and started talking to me about rocket ships! Come on! You gotta check it out! 

You son of a bitch! I won't let you win!

Hey. Me and Cartman and Kenny are going down to Happy Burger. Do you wanna come?

You know, you used to sit in the living room with your friends and family, and THEY were the ones commenting on whatever was on TV.

You know, I heard our fourth-grade teacher is some new lady from Denver.

Me?? Dude, I've been here since the beginning!

Yeah. He doesn't even know that the South loses the Civil War.

It was him. It had to have been him!

I know that I often have serious moral objections to the things that you do, but... this time I think you really need to reconsider, because if you do this, I believe you will go to hell. So I feel it is my responsibility, as your friend, to tell people what you're doing, and to put a stop to it!

Yeah... He must be really sick.  Hang on Willzy-x. There's still hope. Stan and Craig might still luck with the space program down in Mexico.

We have to speed this up!  Uh, can we collect our Internet money in front of you, please?

Get out of here, you piece of garbage! You wanna smoosh, go creepin' somewheres else!

Oh yeah. Tom Cruise does have Seaman on his back.

Come on! Let's just get in our sleeping bags and get this night over with.

Rotten, they're both really drunk, but the won't have sex.

This copy of Lord of the Rings made the young Butters behave quite awfully.

How stupid do you think we are?! Now you die on that cross and get resurrurected before I kick your ass!

Yeah. We'll be the "Save Films From Their Own Directors" club

Well, it is kinda true, you know? Thanksgiving is fun and all, but the Native Americans got pretty screwed over.

...Alright, that does it!  This has been bothering the hell out of me!  I knew it! You're not Cartman at all!

They said we have to give them money that we make on the Internet.

Alright guys, do you think he's lying or telling the truth?

This is it, Stan!  It's just like I designed it. There's the miniature gold course over there! And slides and uh,  excuse me, what is this place?

Should be the next one. 2778 Mala Vista Drive. Wait, this is City Wok.

Ladies and gentlemen, we have an epidemic in our country. Obesity is costing taxpayers millions, and some are taking advantage of a system that is flawed. Over the past several days I have filmed such a case, and the shocking video has been edited by my partner, Token. It is our hope that this film will cast light on a serious issue. 

Yeah, I hope they protest TV shows forever.

No! These don't belong to you! They belong to the people!

Uha, wa, actually, I- I can't eat beef. I have a degenerative problem with my intestinal lining, and beef really gives me gaass.

How many iPod Nanos is friendship worth? I guess, one.

The judging's almost done. You're gonna make it.  Oh God.  SOMEBODY GET ME A CHARGER!  Hold on Stan! Don't die on us!

Maybe it's better you don't know who your father is, Cartman.

Dude, I can't believe we are dealing with this Muhammad thing again.

Chr, what could you possibly have in your room that could change the outcome of the election? 

He got a full dose of the stars.

I, I know it's tough but-  Look at me!  I know it's tough, okay?! I know! But we have to be tough right now!

Hooray for the earth! We must protect it.  And now, as promised, here are TERRANCE AND PHILLIP, on video! 

Oh, thanks.  Dude, that new girl's into me!

Jesus, man, those Earth Day people don't screw around!

Oh no you don't, Cartman! Every time we get put in a study group, you sit on your ass while the rest of us do all the work!

He's smarter than you, fat boy! I don't even know how you made it into fourth grade! I thought--

Yummy yummy yummy can I please Cartman's farts in my tummy?

Ah I'm sorry, but I don't really care. I just want to know what medication my little has been getting from you, and why?!

I'm... glad... that you guys can just keep living. I don't think I can. 

Nono wait. I I know how you can reverse it, Cartman.

Cartman's side is right, for the wrong reasons. But we're wrong, for the right reasons.

What did they do with all the fat? There must have been enough to last an Eskimo family months.

Well just hurry, Butters. You can probably make it back in time before the first commercial break.

Hey, look!  See Mr. Hankey at the Mall of Nebraska... Wow! We have to go, dude!

I want you guys to all meet my friend. 

What is happening to our living rooms? There is a crisis in America, and-

Dude, what the hell is going on?! Why did they replace Phillip?

I wish that was good enough, but if you censor out Mohammad, then soon you'll have to censor out more.

Look out! Here comes the great dragon of Perengraph!

Hey wait. I think maybe I have Attention Diffunction Disorder.

Kenny, aren't you a little young for this?

What the hell do you think you're doing spreading this crap to kids?!

Yeah dude, we made you your own Facebook page. 

Garrison is taking us all on a field trip today. He wants to do the final egg check in front of the Governor's office!

They laughed hardest at our video. We're gonna win!  We're gonna win!

If you do not accept treatment I will no longer give you money or be your friend. I will not help you kill yourself.

No! It's alright! Just give me some time to work on them. I'll see you guys later. 

Yeah. I've changed mine three times already 'cause it itches so much.

What is going on?! Why do you want Britney Spears to die?!

He knew he had to take us all home, too, right?

Yeah, dude! Kenny just died eight hours ago from that monster! How could he have died back then, too?

I can't believe it. I can't believe we have to keep on playing.

We're not fucking you, they're fucking Stan's grandpa!

Yeah, what if they had modified the Roman Coliseum every year? It would just be another big douchey stadium now.

Hey Cartman.  I care a lot about him, too. 

Where is Butters? We were supposed to leave here forty minutes ago.

Hey, you're not such a bad guy after all, Damien.

Wow, you know, Cartman? That is an awesome idea. You should totally go to Somalia.

And so, thirty percent of the money we make off the licensing agreement with EA Sports goes to the orphanage for the needy crack babies. Did you see the blueprints? The babies will have their own putt putt golf course.  Why does it matter how much I'm making, Stan? If the crack babies are getting a place to grow and develop, why does my salary matter?

Dude, shop class sucks. Maybe we should have taken home ec.

That's what bothering you? Not the fact that you're a murderer?

Dude! I've never seen Cartman care so much about something.

NO, why the hell would you keep eating something that made you crap blood?!

Nope. We wanna show the world how healthy your food is. Our fat friend here is going to lose forty pounds eating at Shitty Wok.

Damn, you sound pretty sick. Maybe you should go back to the hospital.

Well, I guess let's just be thankful we're not Butters. They won't even let him come back to school.

Dude, we've gotta hurry home! The final episode of Lost is on soon. 

Whoa, hang on! We shouldn't be learning how not to get caught. We have to take responsibility for our actions. 

But we promised the Earth Day people you'd perform.

...French fries... pizza... french fries...  come on, Cartman.

Cartman, you need to stop this stupid little game you're playing!

Cartman, you are hereby declared a full-fledged retard!

It's Mr. Hankey! I think he's in some kind of trouble. 

Hyeh. Yeah. Mung isn't even a word! We made it up! 

Wow! I guess Cartman really did take care of them.

I wonder how come Cartman's not in school today?

It is not stupid, Kenny! This is my faith and you shouldn't make fun of it!

It was my idea and we're gonna tell everyone to write in "Giant Douche!" It's way funnier!

I see... a man... with a baseball cap.  He's killing now... Oh! I'm seeing it all flash before my eyes! The guy's name is Michael Deets, and he lives at 621 Castillo Street. He's usually there between seven and eleven p.m.

Butters! When did you call Oculus Rift Customer Service?!

Yeah, huh! You wanna go with us so that later you go, "Haha, I was working for Wall-Mart all along" or something.

Dude, my mom won't even let me have a hamster.

We can't give him over to the gingers!

We're not gonna hurt her, we just need some of her blood.

Yeah, but you know? I think we all learned an important lesson about laughing at other people's misfortunes.

We need to see the new Prime Minister.

Fine!  Then YOU do it, you're so tough!

I don't know. We just have to get it to town and let them figure out what to do with it.

It's hopeless, dude! Butters must have made it to the hospital. By now our parents probably know we were playing with weapons! We have to get rid of the evidence! 

Yeah, but something is wrong with my brother and it might be your fault!

Well what the hell are we gonna do? Dress him up in a princess gown and, and parade him around like the parents on those awful child pageants? 

Then why did Butters say he helped you sneak into my room last Friday night?! 

It looks even better than their first movie, huh?

That's not what I was trending! They took my hash tag and they raped it! Where is Ike?!

Hang on, I'm chaining my fire spells for max range.

All right. Thanks for your help, dudes.  Well, we did it, guys. It wasn't easy, but... we did a really amazing thing.

You're telling me that every time you guys download an update for iTunes, you read the entire terms and conditions?

We're all gonna pitch in on an entry!
It's what we do in Jew Scouts. Usually we just sit around and make stuff. But tonight, because there's a meteor shower, we're gonna do some big thing out in the woods. It's gonna suck ass, I'm sure.

All right, fine! We don't need you, Butters!

Why? How could you do this? There are people starving in Alabama and... and you give Cartman a million dollars?

Yeah, but that sucks, to get your butt kicked by a girl, Stan.

Oh my God! You did lie to me.

I can't wait to see him!  He's gonna be so glad we came!

But we certainly want to thank you for all your hard work and attempts at being our friend, lame as they were.

All right, fine, Cartman! You really want me to go in there, I'll...  Dude, Cartman, what is that behind you?

Hey! Let's pour them in the teacher's coffee tomorrow morning.

Pot's illegal too, but people still manage to find it. Ever since that first time Kenny cheesed, he hasn't been the same. You've all noticed the change in him. I'll bet Kenny's at home cheesing right now.

I've had enough of the Bible. What has it gotten me?

There's still time to tell the network president you're full of CRAP! 

Uh, hi. Our friend joined your club a while back, and now he wants to molest kids. 

Like a..big hunk of dirt with a carrot sticking out of it.

Dude, for the last time, don't call my brother a dildo!

Oh my God, they killed Kenny. You Bastard!!!

I'm going to the kitchen! This is stupid!

Kenny, how many of my dad's mints are you gonna eat? Jesus!

No way dude. I'm gonna win the costume contest with this sweet Chewbacca costume.

Hey dude, ah are you the guys messing with Cartman's stuffed animals?

Butters, people can't just go around beating up people who have diabetes! Now whatever your problem is, you just-

I don't wanna know when I'm going to die, fatass! 

I believe that you're a broke, ignorant idiot!

No. Then I came into this virtual space.

Well, so then WWE will recruit us and not them.

Noo, I'll just... be... going back to bed now.

Well, I mean, you didn't just start at 40, didja? You you gotta low-ball these things so you have a place to go.

All right. Thanks a lot for helping us, dude.

Kenny, we need to have a serious talk.

You've got to stop, Dad. If the South wins, me and Stan have to be Cartman's slaves!

Yes we do! Just not the Christian heaven!

Come on, Marvin! We've gotta get your people to Marklar before the missionaries do!

And you don't see any parallel between that and anything else in history?

Well, all my life I felt I was black! I've listened to hip-hop, I watch UPN and I love playing basketball! My body doesn't reflect who I am inside.

Yeah. Just when he was being accepted he has to leave and start over.

Yeah. The more distance between me and the others from Jersey, the better I feel.

Oh dude! Dude, this is the part I was talking about. Check out the bassline on this! 

Ah, look, Phillip. Everyone in South Park just wants to see your serious side.

I know! But that doesn't matter any more! These kids don't wanna play the game, they just wanna watch people on YouTube play it.

Towelie is cool, but he gets stoned all the time. You can't really rely on him for anything.

Come on Eric, we can go play at the bus stop.

Because without big corporations we wouldn't have things like cars and computers and canned soup.

Butters, you know goddamned well you didn't write that book!

Come on Stan, don't you even know where you would go?

It's still stupid and now I paid 49 cents for it!

Yeah... You know, it seems like something's still not right. 

All I wanted was to play one level of Call of Duty and you know what Ike told me? He said the living room was for old people.

Nah, dude. Are you on America's side, Stan? 

Then I guess I'll see you on Black Friday.

Go ahead. We don't wanna be in their stupid commercial.

Y-yeah, but… the color of someone's skin doesn't matter.

Hybrid cars don't cause smugness, people do.  Look, hybrid cars are important. They may even save our planet one day. What you all need to do is just learn to drive hybrids and not be smug about it.

No. And I don't want to. Look Stan, maybe we should fo- 

Do the right thing. Show Mohammad.  Do. The right. Thing.

Did we?! Maybe we could have stopped them!

We still have an hour before the costume contest, so let's hit the house on the uh-

I went online posing as a boy who would have sex with older men, and told them to meet me here. My plan worked perfectly!  Whoa.

This is where the elders meet. Nobody is allowed to go in there when they're having a meeting.

But that's not fair! You lied to me!

Because they're an addictive solution to a greater problem, causing disease of both body and mind with consequences far outweighing their supposed benefits.

With his power, I can finally make the earth a better place for the Jews!

Yeah. Well, she likes Ike a whole lot.

Not now, Cartman! I have really serious problems!

Yeah! Now, which one of you is the Cartman we can't stand?!

It's okay. You don't have to feel alone anymore. 

You guys, maybe we should come clean right now and tell everyone that it wasn't the tobacco companies that made us want to smoke.

Aw, come on. Ned's faking it. That frog was just a piece of plastic!

Go on, Canadian! Beat it! I'm through getting in trouble for you!

I know your family's poor, but you can't just eat an entire bowl of mints for dinner.

Give me the drum, and you play the flute.

Why do they have to put this on TV?! 

Yep! I love basketball. I wanna play for the Denver Nuggets one day.

When an artist creates, whatever they create belongs to society

No, no, no.  We want to make little pot-bellied elephants that people can keep in their houses as pets.

Well, we've all talked it through and we've come up with a theory.

God-damnit! Now, what the hell are we gonna do?!

Ah- I was just sledding, and the next thing I knew my sled rope got tangled with a bus, uh. I gut dragged for over a hundred miles before the bus finally stopped for gas.  I'm sorry about your sled, Kyle.

Just get the hell out of here, Cartman! You're not serious and you're a detriment to the band!

Yeah, but what about all the people getting laid off from the grocery stores?  And what about all the- 

I told you not to call my mom a bitch, Cartman!

I think you're awesome, Funnybot. Uh, but you can't go around taking everyone else's jobs.

We're making the news more appealing to students.

But right now I'd say if we're gonna have a retard for a friend, I, I have to pick Timmy. Because Timmy doesn't tell any jokes.

Oh, man. I can't just sit here, I have to help my stupid brother, or I'll come home without him and my dad will start yelling, "Where's your brother, Kyle?" "You weren't looking out for your little brother, Kyle?"

I don't think Ike wants to go to Squirts.

No, no, no! Don't become an angry mob!  The last time we did that we killed Jesus!

Oh, shut up, Cartman. All you did was jump over one homeless guy.

Will somebody just get me to a hospital? I need to get my stomach pumped!

We told him to grow up. So he got rid of his stuffed animals.

We made it, Ike. You're going to be okay. 

Hey! Hey, let me out of here! This is a mistake! I agreed by accident!

Yeah, yeah, that's cool. Bring the left titty out some more.  Yeah, yeah freeze there. 

I totally know how we can give the gingers and the celebrities what they want, but keep Muhammad safe. Come on! 

Uh where should I sit? There's no place to sit down here.

No! We can't divide like this!  Stan?  You're on our side, right?

It's only three days until Christmas, you guys! You know how bad things have been around here. I think it might be because Mr. Hankey hasn't come.

Meh? Ike, we have a whole day to play XBox! Mom and Dad are leaving!

Hey, Kenny. How much for you to eat this?

Oh, jeez, we're gonna have to buy tons of these things.

Well, all I can say is, he's better have Nintendo.  Well, here's Kenny's house.

Fine! But when you're naked and jackin' it in San Diego, don't ask me for help! 

Well what are we supposed to do with it?

The liposuction is a process of siphoning out the excess fat. 

What does me being a Jew have to do with anything?!

Yeah. We're very good friends. We're very good friends, Stan!

They didn't believe me. They thought I was pitching a movie.

Get the bull in the balls with a snowball.

From public school, your house is just a flicker of light.  Don't you want to go out? All you do is... stay in your house and... study

Don't you remember? That time we were out hunting with your uncle Jimbo and Ned.

Ugh! We're gonna end up watching this whole retared Russell Crowe show!

...star-starting to become alienated from some of your friends.

The only thing of yours that's larger in size is your big fat ass!

No, we really want nothing more to do with these people.

Yeah, I hate you, but I'm not going to help kill you.

You just want Family Guy off the air...

Yeah!  I was just hanging out in my room, and then I perioded all over the place.

Uh, could you use it in a sentence?

Phil Collins is playing Lalapalala's, and because we're all doing so well in school now, our parents said they would take us.

Dude, he's not gonna swing! So just throw balls. That way he'll have to walk to first base. 

Yeah. I think we should get the hell out of here.

Go ahead! People will just download your songs for free on the Internet anyways!

I don't think my mom would want me doin' this.

Go look! It's all an ancient Incan prophecy.

But now let me tweet this for you all to comment upon.
The more connected we get, the more alone we become.If you want change like I do, and feel the same gloom,Then please follow THIS trend, #savethelivingroom

You son of a bitch.  You didn't solve your homeless problem, you just sent all your homeless to South Park! 

No!  I am NOT letting you go to that television studio and pretend... to care about safety and sensitivity to get a show you don't like off the air!

Dude, that would have to be like, the best party ever.

Come on guys! He's hidden them somewhere and we have to find them!

Yeah. Stan said they're having them over for dinner tonight.

Cartman, I really, really have a problem with what you're doing. I object to it morally, and I find it grossly offensive. 

Oh Jesus Christ, I had to see it to believe it! What the hell are you doing?!

Hey. Wuh I'm giving a speech tomorrow about people with red hair and freckles. Can I ask you a few questions?

Ohh, right, you're supposed to pull and master-benate your wiener really fast.

What the hell is wrong with you, Cartman? Haven't you noticed the three feet of snow on the ground?

Get the hell off me! You're a freak, Butters! You can't play with us!

I know. I'm almost at the end and there's nothing. 

We can't let those sixth graders get their hands on this videotape.

Dude, it just can't be better than ours. It just can't be.

I'm in big trouble, you guys! We have to do something!

Hay! He's totally underage. She's taking advantage of him.

I've tried, Wendy. I've called him, I've been to his house. But since his diagnosis, all he's done is gotten worse.

Yeah, but you know? I think you've learned something today. You've learned that you can't rewrite history.  You see, history is forever,  and everything happens for a reason.  Sure, you can try and change the past, but usually you kno-

I'm still not inviting you to Casa Bonita.

God-damnit, we need to get to the new Prime Minister! NOW!

Stan! Go get the other guys and tell them to meet me at the bus stop in ten minutes!

Well you made me eat veal and didn't tell me what it was. So go ahead and be angry, you baby calf-killing bitch!

That's not true, fatass! I have red hair, and I don't have to avoid the sun!

When we said "documentary," I thought we meant 60 Minutes, not Honey Boo Boo!

Did you play the Terrance & Phillip freemium game all day?

Yeah. I guess their rules did have a point. Things have gotten a lot worse in the ten days since they've been gone.

I'm not from Jersey. I was born here.

How about we revamp the name? Super School News sounds dry.

But, but we, we learned things, and took up a cause.

Alright, look. I honestly don't know the secret, dude. Only Cartman does, and that's how it's gonna work for us.

All right, here we go.  Since the days of Copernicus, man has dreamed of flight. On this historic day we remem- aw, screw it! 

No it's not cool!  My mom won't let me keep him in the house.  She says he's too big, and that his poop is bigger than our couch.

Dude, if my mom knew I was in here, I would be in super big trouble.

Yeah. And you know, now that I think about it, third grade wasn't all that great, either.

It just ran by here a second ago. 

That quest sucks, Cartman! Think of another one!

There's some terrorists or bankrobbers or something that have taken our class hostage!

I know, dude! Let's get the hell out of here! 

It's gotta be the Komfort Inn. It's the nicest hotel in South Park. Cartman, go get your camera.

Because you're my little brother, Godddamnit!  And even when I'm fifty and you're forty-five, you're still gonna be my little brother!

Dude, we have to get to the mall!!

I endure what I must for the sake of all humanity.

No way! There's no real connection between us. It was all a big lie.

All right, look, th-that isn't mine. I'm just holding it for a friend.

Dude, I'm telling you. It's crazy. All my little brother wants to do is sit on YouTube watching this PewDiePie play video games. I swear, I don't understand kids these days.

Um I think we're just heading deeper into the mountains.

Dude. I don't think I wanna be a part of this anymore.

That was sweet, Bebe.  Now, if you just hold the rock like this, you-

We're right here dude. Do you remember now?

Yes, I know that! Why do you think I've been putting up with his farts?!

If you don't show Mohammad, then you've made a distinction what is okay to poke fun at, and what isn't. Either it's all okay, or none of it is.

See, w-we're the official presidents of the Terrance and Phillip Fan Club. A- and... we're... going to see them tomorrow 'cause we can get them to perform at the Earth Day festival.

Ech, even if it could work, how would we go about shutting it down?

I'm sure that would scare the hell out of him, Cartman.

Mr. Hankey.  He comes out of the toilet every year and gives presents to everybody who has a lot of fiber in their diet.

It says you gotta check it for holes or tears.

All I'm saying is that it's gonna take a lot of singing to make up for that!

That fat turd up there is the one who set up you and Token 'cause he thinks blacks belong together! 

What part of being infected with a deadly disease do you find funny?!

This has gone far enough!  How can we make people see the difference between being sensitive to obesity and letting fat people walk all over us?!

Boy, that kid's having a hard time adjusting to public school.

They're goin' to show the new Terrance & Phillip trailer

How come the visitors aren't coming for him.

Yeah, what's this about? We should be writing our monologues for Smackdown.

It's not stupid, Stan. For once in my life I feel like I'm part of something.

Then just tell me what Cartman is up to!

What the hell would you know you fat sweaty Mongoloid, you never get higher than a 'D'!

Okay so, what exactly are we doing now?

Yeah, It was seriously the most manly thing that's ever happened.

Aw man, I don't think it's very safe to be on this bus.

Dude, when he gets out he's gonna be really mad!

Come on dude, we have to get to practice.

Wait! You know what we should do? We should all take a bunch of cough medicine!

And you don't see a problem with that?

What if we do a show where we-  Uh, no.

What are we gonna do, Stan? It's, it's not like we can change the way an entire country thinks. I don't like it, but it's just the way they are.

Hey!  Faith Hilling is not out of style, alright?

Oh my God... their pitcher was able to hit him right on the bat.

Well ah I guess in wrestling we're supposed to make our own outfit, and then wear it over this.

But that doesn't mean it has to go off the air. You should like that show. Your sense of humor is just like Family Guy.

Okay, will you let Muhammad come to South Park if we dress him like a pirate?

Hey, what happens to me in the future?

Can you guys meet me over at Cartman's house tonight at around midnight?

No.  No, I want to have the Antichrist inside me!

Because, if we go to the tobacco company, I know exactly what'll happen. They'll take us in, and then Rob Reiner will show up with all the townspeople, holding torches or something, and there'll be a big showdown until we talk about what we learned, and change everyone's minds - this is all following a formula!

Oh. We'll wait for you over there, Steve. We have to start fighting now.

Wow, I didn't know golf games were this cool.

Because I m-I mean I really think you could have done it for about $12.50.

It's okay. Everyone, it's okay. Perhaps one day, you will all understand. What I do, I do because I care about each and every one of you. 

And so they put us in these harnesses and helmets. I th-I think that's when we started realizing, "Oh wow, this is actually pretty dangerous."

Oh okay, but did God sent Jesus TO die, or did Jesus just get kind of screwed over.

Oh God!  I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to-ah, I'm looking for my brother.  Ike??  What the hell is going on??

I am sooo sick of that stupid bitch! Blabbin' pussy little skank! Why do people talk on their phone like that?! I can't even get a minute of piece before that bitch walks in, holding the cell phone out like this , and talking on speaker phone! Nobody wants to hear your goddamned conversations, you little bitch! You're not that important!

I did it! Now I can go to the Raging Pussies!

Goddamnit, don't you get it?! I hate pee! I'm grossed out by pee! The only thing I find more disgusting than pee is bananas!

Nothing. Um , my period is really uuuh...  Uuuh, my period is going swimmingly.

Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay
Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, with dreidel I will play
Second verse, same as the first
Dreidel, dreidel, dreidelll-I ma...

Hey, Jesus! Ih-if you win the fight, can you turn Kenny back to normal?

I think I see the television department in the back!

Sir, we are really worried about our friend Clyde. Everywhere he goes people are telling him he had blood on his wiener.

Kenny, you're clearly his best friend. Go stop him.

There were no good times! And if he really feels bad he can just tell me himself!

So then where did the eight hundred dollars we made from selling an Internet ad to Payless Shoe Source go?

Shut up Terrance, we can geneti-cal engineer anything we want.

Now, that's what I call a sticky situation. 

Let me guess: you wrote the joke, and Cartman just laid on the couch eating Twizzlers.

No, don't you see? Cartman never had psychic visions. And neither do these people. The plain simple truth is that nobody is psychic. There's a logical explanation for every psychic story you've ever heard.

Gone are the dark clouds that had me-

All right,  check it out, I-  Butters, BUTTERS. What the fuck?! Are you peeing in the pool?!

Butters! He got a ninja star stuck in his eye, and we were taking him to the vet when you fucked it all up! Butters!

No matter what we think, it's not just a passing trend. We need to realize that the new generation of entertainment is here.  And I, think that's great.

Don't listen to 'em, Cartman! I'm sure it'll work. Go for it. Yaaay, Cartman! Fly, fly, fly!

No, wait. No, we have to stop them! They're raping him. Rape!

But I thought we were supposed to care on Thanksgiving.

Mr. Hankey.  He comes out of the toilet every year and gives presents to everybody who has a lot of fiber in their diet.

Hold on. Ah, I'm, ah... n-not right now. 

Not when  if I say he's sick and put him to bed right away.  No, go away! Bad dog!

We believe that films have to be taken away from people like Steven Spielberg and George Lucas because they're insane.

Yeah. If we're Jewish, are we gonna go to hell?

Well everyone has already seen it; nothing we can do about it now.

Hey, it looks like one of those Etheropians.

Hey Cartman! We're almost to level 20! You giving birth in there, or what?

Can't we just play with that big parachute again or something?

We really think this is gonna work, Stan. All we have to do is convince your dad that his cooking sucks, right?

You've gotta try and stay on for ten seconds. Okay, Cartman?

Dude, we have got to get that kid away from him!

You know what's goin' on. It's Smackdown tonight. Which means we might have to fight each other.

Cartman, don't be such a baby! We're supposed to be rugged outdoorsmen!

Yeah. You know, I've learned something today. Family isn't about whose blood you have, it's about who you care about.

Towelie is a tough choice because,  even though I can see how always having a towel around can come in handy, he's just always so high.

I can't believe I let you scare me into taking your side. You used fear to make me stop believing in free speech.

What do you mean? We're learning all kinds of cool stuff.

Holy crap, dude!  Hey look! He's got ice cream! 

Bye-bye seeme mama.  Ah, I'm gonna take him up to the bathroom to get washed up. 

Light is a wave unless it's observed? That means all matter is just a wave.  Nothing's real! Reality in a nuh- Oh God, it's happening! 

Ugh, okay Stan, what do you wanna do?

Wait... stop it, stop it!  I can't let Kenny be sock-dried.

Wait a minute. According to this you now own all the rights to Crack Baby Basketball and we got nothing.

You mean that we're forced to pay for the Oprah channel?

No. I cross-referenced his YouTube profile with MySpace, and according to his blog, he's an old-school Communist. So what's he doing at every Clinton rally?

Mom, Dad, can I have money to buy Chinpokomon?

Mr. Garrison, since haiku sucks so much ass, could we go to the planetarium again?

Yes! I can't help but take some credit for this. I helped convince him to go!

Dude, Mr. Hankey has magic powers. He can do whatever he wants. 

Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, with dreidel I shall play.

And afterwards, he'll probably have to burn his hand and bury it.

And do I have to shovel the whole driveway, or just the side the car is on?

When Towelie is doing heroin, he doesn't care about anything.

Uch, I didn't think there would actually be a leprechaun! And I still don't! Why would a leprechaun be warning us of a terrorist attack?! There's another explanation for all this.

Because anybody who thinks 9/11 was a conspiracy is a retard!

We're so sorry. Please forgive my little brother. He's going through puberty.

I didn't suck his balls, all right?! And I'm not going to!

Yeah. Let's just have a slumber party here.

Do you really think your civilization is better than ours?! You people play games by killing animals, and oppress women!

Are you gonna take us somewhere or not?!

Did you send the videotape to America's Stupidest Home Videos?

Wait a minute. There's only four of us.

Cartman! What kind of stupid-ass question is that?! Of course it was fun!

He just stacked his Shapeshifter with an Elven Blade!

Wha-? Oh my God, they killed Kenny! You Bastards!

Yeah. Come on, Dad, this place sucks. I wanna go.

What's this about you going on live television on Saturday?!

Yeah, it was cool, thanks.  Um, so... Is there any way you'd

You can't! Poor Ike must be so scared, up there all alone. You gotta help me, dude! 

But our teacher, Mr. Garrison? He just had his penis made into a vagina. How come?

I knew Kenny couldn't fit in that tea pot! 

Well, we just thought we'd let you know. See ya.

Yeah. It just proves we need to learn not to profile one race of people. Because, actually, most of the world hates us.

All right, mister! You better have a good explanation for why you didn't show up to play ball!

Mom, Ike did it again. I don't know what's going on with him, but, it's like he hates me.

It's so unfair! How can my parents do that to me?!

Yeah, but he's some kind of genius, so he's getting advanced placement in kindergarten.

Mr. Garrison, I'm the only one here. Everyone else has chicken herpes.

It's my little brother. He's really changing and I feel like-

Who's everyone?! Who all is in on this?!

I'm never speaking to either of you ever again! 

We're trying to raise money for our school chef.

No- Dude, Gorak is cool because it's original. And besides, you found him.

Do you think they're gonna pissed at us for lying that they molested us and sending them all to jail for ten days?

Charlie's right! I'm not gonna let some fake Mr. Hankey spoil my holidays.

Hey! Maybe you can come with me. Then it won't suck so hard.

Look, we're sorry, you guys, but the balloon just went up in the air and the dude sang a song and we were suddenly there.

Come on, Cartman! How much do you wanna bet the South doesn't win?!

Because now he's acting like gingers are awesome. And all his friends are gingers. When he wakes up tomorrow and realizes he isn't really ginger, it'll be hysterical!

Huh, Oh my God, they killed Kenny! You bastard! 

Uh, nice costume, dude. Who are you supposed to be? Luke Perry?

Yeah. Too bad you're such a dumbass in history, or you would have known that!

People of all colors and creeds holding hands beneath a rainbow!

Hey! Isn't there where Stark's Pond used to be? Where we used to kayak and fish?

No, see? There's people of all colors. And they added a black guy as one of the hangers, too, so it's not racist.

You guys wanna see how long I can hold my breath under water?

Ike, you can't come to school with me. 

Well we got tickets to see Terrance and Phillip Live in Denver tomorrow night. We paid forty bucks apiece for them.

Dude, what are you talkin' about? That was awesome!

They didn't play the Terrance & Phillip trailer again!

I think it went really good. Those people really got into it.

Yeah, but, why can't XBox automatically let you pre-order Metal Gear Solid V?

And you! You should be ashamed of yourself! Don't you understand that us males are defined by our firemen?!

I got beat up at school... for being different.

We promised each other we would never do that, remember?

Well, I was just digging around, and I was all like, 'dude, I found this triangle' and my friends were like, 'dude' and I was all like 'dude.'

It was him, dude. I told you, it was Mr. Hankey!

But he's just using his time on television to rant about-

I know. It's like we have the outdoors back again.

Suddenly, Stan says he knows about some horse stables. Ih it seemed too good to be true.

Well why not? You want us to get AIDS?

...Mr. Hankey! Hoh, we were so worried! I was waiting up for you and you didn't come, so I thought that-

Okay. Okay, you're right.  Oh uh Cartman: thanks.  Cartman?  What the hell? 

This is wrong. Uh this just doesn't make any sense. Why would Homeland Security send us into Peru?

Just let it go, dude. You only had sixteen dollars and twelve cents. Count all your losses and move on. He's smarter than you.

And Stan for being in love with Wendy.

If it needs to be seen by everybody, then why don't you put it out on the Internet for free?!  Well?!

Oh God! Look, I know you got Asperger's from the school and I I'm sorry. But your negativity is poison to me!

I don't know. But there's gonna be lots of food, and a band.

Okay, okay, wewe'll switch off. Starvin' Marvin can stay here for a week, then at Stan's, then with me.

Doctor, could we talk to her for a minute?

Look Butters, why don't you just talk to your family about it? You said your Grandma's visiting this week. Why don't you try talking to her?

Nuh, it's more important than that. Our school is putting on a big show for Earth Day, and we promised people we could get you to perform.

You didn't think of anything, Butters! Guys have been doing what you're doing for years! You're nothin' but a common pimp! 

Cartman, you are poor and you are stupid!

You couldn't get both arms behind your back, fatass!

Hey guys. You wanna throw the football around?

Are you saying that Ike has been given regular doses of hormones because of an IntelliLink screwup?!

Just make sweet love down by the fire.

So we were just wondering if we could sue somebody.

You better watch what you say Cartman! You might be poor and hungry some day.

Your husband.  He wanted that pie badly, but he knew that he was not allowed to eat it yet.

This whole time your TV is in a house with nobody in it?!

The... girls at school. They made a list and voted me the ugliest boy.

Dude, we'll have Chef's $2 million in no time!

Do any of you guys have milk money I can borrow?

Kenny, we have got to make Stan understand the importance of voting, because he'll definitely vote for our guy.

Dude, I know you're pissed at me right now. You've gotta understand that I did it because I know in my heart that the XBox is better, for all of us.

No Ike! They're playing the trailer to the new Terrance & Phillip movie during the show, and we have to watch it! 

You don't wash your hands after going to the bathroom!

Please, Chef, if I don't get out of school and get my little brother back from the aliens, my parents are gonna disown me.

That if he could prove leprechauns exist, I would suck his balls.

Knock it off! I don't have your stupid picture!

Oh, you're just saying that because he brings you candy.

Yeah. Maybe if we can get higher ratings by the end of the week, they'll let us stay on the air!

Heheh, we could make you say whatever we wanted.

Oh, you are so full of crap, Cartman! Metal spikes will not come out!

Dude, this guy's trying to rook us! We can go someplace else!

What about Dan Rather? Do you think he's real?

Yeah. But there was so much of it. I was up until two in the morning.

Oh yeah?! Well you're a stupid Jew! You're a Jew! Shut your God-damned Jew mouth! Good job, Jew! Jew... Shut up, Jew! You're Jewish!! Dude, he's Jewish! Jew! Jew! Jew! Jew! Jew! Jew! Jew?! "I told you Jewish people don't have rhythm." "Fuck off, Cartman!"

Tomorrow's trial, Everyone vs. Everyone, is gonna make things a lot worse! We have to stop it!

Okay, now put one end of the tube a half an inch into the incision. 

I can hide it!  Nobody ever has to know!  I can't ever let anybody know!

So is it a coincidence that Grandma DID talk to me about going to Jewleeard someday?

But you were just gonna take it out in the backyard and put a bullet in its head!

Shh, Blanket, we're gonna take you away for a little while, okay? 

Aw man, here we go again! Use the Jew as a scapegoat.

Sssoo aside from all the bull crap, what do ya think of the Oculus?

Disposing of the doll wouldn't be easy. He would have had to have brought a shovel to decapitate it.

Dude! Did you really lose all that weight eating nothing but sub sandwiches?

So then don't have a slumber party if you're gonna be an asshole all night!

Uh, we need to go to Canada. As soon as possible.

It's crazy, dude! They're saying it's because I agreed to the latest terms and conditions on iTunes!

We believe that films are pieces of art that must be preserved from the perverse hands of their agent filmmakers..

Okay, I'm gonna go grab mine. I have an idea.

Well, who really cares what that monster is outside? As long as we stay on the bus, it can't hurt us. Right? 

This is it, Stan. If you strike this kid out, we all get to go home.

Okay. But you've gotta promise to not complain.

I knew it! It wasn't because I gave that guy twenty dollars! The homeless all came from here!

My company was on Kickstarter too! Why would I get rid of it?!

Dude, look who I found prowling around in my back yard.

Stan, the PS4 doesn't have the seamless transition between games, movies, and TV offered by XBox One.

Hey Cartman, I need to talk to you.

Yeah, this guy.  Vladimir Stolfsky. He had videos on YouTube of every single rally.

Yes. There's a Russian guy named Vladimir Stolfsky who's got search engine hits all over this thing.

What the hell is that?  Oh my God. 

Why didn't you tell me, Stam? I would've helped.

With genetic engineering, can you make an elephant smaller?

We have reached the Great Pass of Mount Ururalak.

I'm supposed to go to the lake with my family tomorrow and swim and play in the stupid sun.

He didn't do anything. He was always with his new girlfriend.

...But what if I do a bunch of chores around the house? Come on, you're being unfair!

It's too late for that. Things just can't go back, Stan, uh.  Ah-I'm with Cartman Burger now.

It was seriously about the greatest night of our lives.

Cool. Thanks, Jimmy, well, I'll check it out.

Officer Barbrady, I wanna declare Shenanigans on this carnival operator.

Dude. Are you sure that fish is a murderer? It seemed like a normal fish to me.

I'm sorry, can I come back in just a little bit?

All right, you see, Clyde. Okay, we wanna help him sue whoever invented the toilet.

Oh no, I d- I don't want to be a bother, I uh-

Thanks, everybody. I'm sorry I got a little crazy there.

Dude, you've been sitting at your locker crying since lunch break. Clearly, something's going on.

We want to talk to who's in charge.

Hey!  How about Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo?

What has this world come to? Where people can just... take your Okama GameSphere.

Well, I mean, all last week you were ripping on ginger kids and now you are one.

Dude, did you see that stuff Phil Collins was saying about Timmy?

This is what God told us to do!

This is where we all stand in a circle and pray to Moses for guidance during Jewbilee.

Dammit, Cartman, you are such a fat fuck!

What am I going to do? My little brother's been abducted by aliens.  You farted. 

What could it be? If only we knew what we were up against.

Just stop it!  Stoop iiit!!  There's a logical explanation for that.

...No, dude, that's not the trailer for Terminator 5, that really happened.

I have to save my little brother! I have to send him away until my parents come to their senses!  Come on, Ike!  Cover me for a while. I'll find a place to hide him and come back.

Please, sir. I traveled a long way to get here. He's the only person who can help me.

We can eat it at Cartman's house, and see more naughty pictures of his mom.

Did you guys hear that?! A hundred thousand dollars for a picture of Britney.

Dude, we're gonna go sneak into Cartman's and change him back into a non-ginger!

Because we're not referring to gay people! You can be gay and not be a fag.

Will you stop with the underpants gnomes, Tweek?! We have to work here!  

We thought you were meeting us at Cartman's. What are you doing here, Taylor Swifting?

Yeah. And the leader, he said that all the Ethiopians can go live there. 

I don't think it's gonna be that hard to keep it from breaking. This whole assignment is stupid.

Oh n-no, I'm not really friends with him.

Oh. Well, I certainly don't want you to feel that "Furry Balls Plopped Menacingly on the Table" is holding you back. 

We only have one option. I've gotta take you to the surface.

Off the air? But... we're just going to try to get the Mohammad episode pulled.

I need to get a nurection for my dad.

You won the bet. You were totally accurate about being able to crap out your mouth, and I've just been frustrated because I didn't think of it first. I want you to enjoy that money because... you really impressed me with your insight and... I'm... proud to have you as a friend.

This game is fixed! The balls are bigger than Jennifer Love Hewitt's mouth!

If we take him to the hospital, they're gonna find out what happened.

Now look! The reason we're in this situation is because people are being stupid! The economy isn't some vengeful being that takes things away from us. The economy is just made up of people, and people have just lost their faith in it.  What people really should be doing is spending more. Spending is fine. People should just go outside. People should just go outside. They should buy the things they need for their friends and family

Hey, where's the school bus? We're gonna be late for football practice. 

Cartman, don't you remember the last time you had this dream?

That's not true. Kids at school like us. Don't they?

Wait. Wait. I think I can explain this whole thing. Marklar, these marklars want to change your marklar. They don't want Marklar or any of these marklars to live here because it's bad for their marklar. They use Marklar to try and force marklars to believe they're marklar. If you let them stay here, they will build marklars and marklars. They will take all your marklars and replace them with Marklar. These marklar have no good marklar to live on Marklar, so they must come here to Marklar. Please, let these marklars stay where they can grow and prosper without any marklars, marklars, eh or marklars.

Oh please, no reason! I got AIDS from him!

Please, you have to listen to me! The prophecy actually did come true!

I mean, what if I'm just part of my parents' reality?

If it'll make you leave me alone, then just take the damned thing! Here!  There. Now, get out of my house! And I hope you feel really, really good about yourself!

Ha! Our bet was that you would get a platinum album, not a myrrh album! I don't owe you anything, fat boy!

I got it mail ordered from Africa.  The ad said it would take 4 to 6 weeks, but it only took three.

Dude, you don't have to be ashamed or anything.

...I can't even get her to understand. It's like she's from another planet.

Wow, level nine already? Dude, you kick ass in "Heaven versus Hell."

Our main point is that the flag shouldn't offend anyone, because killing has been around since the beginning of time. All animals kill.  And the animals that don't kill are stupid ones, like cows and turtles and stuff. So people should not be so upset about killing. 

E-excuse me, my little brother needs medical attention.

There! You see?! This is what happens when Cartman is allowed his right to free speech!

How did your date with Ms. Ellen go?

What the hell have you gotten me into?!

You gotta come to Kenny's house with us.

No, it's Cartman. Something's really wrong with him. 

Chef, we need Butters to gain about fifty pounds fast.

Well then we're gonna end up freezing his hellish heart with a cool island song.

Come on, Ike, we can make it just in time for dinner. 

They told us that "Phillip. He's the one with talent. Just get him for Earth Day."

Yeah! Timmy's probably back in third grade right now living it up!

Please, just, just leave it alone, Stan. Everything is as it has to be.

All right dude, what the hell has gotten into you?! I don't trust for one second that your sudden concern for the Muslim people is real!

Maybe we should get out first. See if we can find a way out and then come back for him.

Uh…yeah…we want to crossbreed an elephant with a pig.

Why's your sister so mean to you dude?

I don't know, I-I just thought if we all drank the Mountain Dew, the caffeine and the sugar would help us stay awake. I told Cartman he has to share it.

We live. That's what Indy would have wanted. We just try... to live.

Dude, this is the saddest commercial ever! Don't watch! 

Thank you, rabbi.  In 1973, the United States officially issued an apology to the African American community for slavery. In 1956, Germany officially apologized for World War II AND the Holocaust. And now, I believe, in 2004, the Jewish community needs to apologize for the death of Jesus.

Well I've been thinking: maybe there's something you've come into contact with that hinders HIV from growing. Do you mind if we just look around?

Don't try and stop me, Stan! This is what my grandma wants!

We're missing out on some quality video game time right now.

Chef, CHEF! You need to get out of here before you get arrested, all right?!

You should care! This strike affects everybody, fatass!

Wow, dude, check it out! We can win Terrance and Phillip dolls. 

Because, he kinda like looks like Steve Austin, the $6 million man

Come on, Nurse Token. We're gonna play football, you puss.

I can't, Mom. We're working on our school project.

Uh, yeah! I agree! Uh- my fragile little eight-year-old mind didn't know how to deal with what I was seeing. C-Cartman should be punished!

Hey dude, people are kind of pissed off at you.

Hey, yeah! He and Ned do that stupid TV show.

I think he wants us to get in.

I told him 5:30 and we gotta get going. You in?

Mom, Dad, you've always taught me that being direct and honest is a basic Jewish tenet.

Alright, fine!  You're the spokesman, Cartman! But you'd better not screw it up!

Nono, you're right. Somalia is an oasis of treasure and waterfalls. It's totally the pirate's life.

No, we gotta go. Sally Struthers is gonna give us a ride back to Earth.

I'm stoked my cousin is comin' to live with us. It'll be just like having a brother. 

...You didn't save everyone, I did! You were just out harassing Muslims!

The odds on a single number in roulette are thirty-five to one.  That means, with a ten thousand dollar bet, you win three hundred and fifty thousand.

Well, I have this friend, see? And this friend belongs to a certain, Chosen People of Israel. And it... so happens that these chosen people killed your Lord.

I didn't come to stop you. I... I think you're right, Cartman. I want to help you get the Family Guy episode pulled.

Dude, that new kid is such a douche!

Cartman?  He's not gonna open it. Break it down.

Yeah, all you have to do is fart some more, Cartman! And the visitors are sure to come!

I'll give you five bucks to eat your puke.

It isn't fair. I spent weeks preparing my speech on Latino culture.

Terrible. Every time I close my eyes I see the house we TP'ed. I see the tears of our art teacher and hear the screams of her daughters.

Yeah? Okay, and you checked with Kenny and Token? He's not just staying at their houses?

Dude! How are we gonna move twenty three calves to your house?

You bastards. Listen, we have to give a huge speech tomorrow about corporate takeovers.

So we're not TP'ing a house with kids inside it!

Well, as Abraham Lincoln, I accept your surrender, and agree to your conditions. You and all the Confederates will have all the S'more Schnapps you can drink for a year.

You'd better!  Dad, can't we talk to this new Canadian Prime Minister? Iif he knew the situation, he might e-

Will you please take your rally conversation somewhere else?

Come here!  You're not actually buying this crap, are you?!

Oh, no thanks. We don't do that stuff.

Heh, don't, don't tell him what it is, dude.

Dude, did you finish your math homework? I kind of lost track of time last night.

Wow. Did he say that in the Bible?

...Dude, you're supposed to vote for Giant Douche.

Okay, I got a text of the Russian guy's podcast. It's all a bunch of links to eBay.

That was totally gross. She smelled like vitamins and pee.

I've been trying! But I just don't know how to make totally new friends on the Internet.

Hello? Will you just give this guy something, please?!

Okay, fine, I will!  H-wait a minute! I don't even want one copy of Time Cop! 

Well, unfortunately for us, he's now on the other side! We are out of options!

Cartman? Your side won, dude. Why are you so sad?

That's what they're talking about on the news!

But that's stupid.  How can that replace Faith Hilling? It doesn't even make any sense.

Hehe. Why the hell did you dress up like Raggedy Andy dude?

All right, look, there's gotta be other Third-World countries with space programs. We've gotta split up and find someplace cheaper, that's all.

Our lives have not been enjoyable, Trent! I promise you! 

I have to watch out for my glasses. Ow! Ow, it's so cold! Oh Jesus! 

Mister... Jackson, y-you aren't alive. You're in purgatory.

Well, I don't know...  and I'll bet Cartman doesn't know either!

Sir, just think about what you're doing to free speech!

"No, no, please! This time I swear I won't make albums or movies."

You mean everyone has been wanting Britney Spears to kill herself?

I don't think they're going to be able to get all of you in frame Cartman.

No, dude. They only changed "terrorist" to "hippie" to make E.T. more P.C.

Then that's it. I'm... I'm never going to get my brother back. 

No, No thanks, that stuff tastes like pee.

Dude, the Civil War reenactment is tomorrow! You're not gonna get it by tomorrow!

Yeah, he was too young to be taken from us.

Cartman, he's got everyone on Sony's side. We can't stop him!

He was with us at dinner. Wait. Was he with us at dinner?

City kids get to go to museums for field trips. We get cow farms.

We have to watch them! We can't miss it!

You yourself led the campaign against the colorization of films. You understand why films shouldn't be changed.

It doesn't matter. Because God is going to harden the Pharaoh's heart!

We need some help identifying an ancient English stone.

Okay, so how do we get my little brother back?

Alright, fine! Let's just get this stupid report over with!

This isn't a joke, Cartman! You have to believe me, officer. The outcome of the election depends on it.

Then don't eat 14 Egg waffles for lunch, fatass!

This is ridiculous! Just because they say it on TV it's alright.

Car... Cartman! You've gotta swim! Kick with your legs!

You're having dinenr with his family? What kind of family has a kid like that?

Yeah, he wanted adventure! Not a bunch of ridiculous bullcrap! Right Chef?  Chef?

Dude, will you just end this thing now?! My little brother is gonna die!

Oh, hi. Is Chef here? We have to talk to him.

Twenty-five cents? Well that's not even worth it.

It's so awesome, dude. Our company already has a hundred backers. And we still have 14 days to go!

It was really important for me to get an A, Stan. And Bebe said you were so reckless with your egg, so I made a fake one for you  and kept the original safe with me.

What?! Timmy! You've got to get off that chair!

Don't you guys think this is a little suspicious? We should buy something else so it doesn't look obvious.

What the hell are you so happy about, fatass?! 

Wait!  I may not have Santa, but I do have Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo.

Oh, stop it, Cartman! You didn't learn anything! Not a God-damned thing!

I'm going to put it in my room, where Cartman can't find it.

I'm never gonna win that two tons of candy looking like everybody else!

Yeah. He was doing their voices and pouring tea for them.

You can't sit with us, new kid. Go find another table! 

Now, wait a minute! Everyone just stop for one minute!  Look, you guys are gonna end up killing her. Can't you see that Britney isn't in any condition to handle this crap anymore? I know watching celebrities go down can be fun. Me and my friends are just as guilty as all of you, but maybe, we'll just, maybe, ...it's time to let this one go. Just this one time, let's, let's all stop before it's too late, huh?

Mr. Garrison won't let us out of school. He thinks we're making it up.

It's funny that something that should be completely private is put up on a Web site for everyone to see??

Yeah. And then Craig's family came on and said Tweek was the wuss, and then punched Tweek's mom in the hooters.

Yeah. We've been playing with firecrackers our whole lives.

Why do you always have to hit stuff with a stick?!

No, no, w-we we really did write it. Tell them, Butters.

Who the hell reads that entire thing every time it pops up?

So, do you uh, do you have any brothers or sisters, Natalie?

I hate being small and Jewish. I feel like a tall black man.

We don't have time for that, dude! We just have to ditch them! Now!

Oh, so the gallant knight now comes to rescue me from the bowels of mediocrity! Oh, thank you, your royal lordship! 

Dude, it's been twelve hours. Where the hell are our parents?!

Oh God, here we go again! 9/11 was not a conspiracy, fatass!

Wait. It's okay. Look, maybe these people all turned out because they believe in saving films. Maybe they don't even care about the free hats.

...You put Kenny's picture on a milk carton??

You unbelievable son of a bitch. You never cared about the Muslim religion. Or the safety of people in America. You just want Family Guy off the air!

Ask Jeeves? Nobody uses Ask Jeeves! Just Google-search it!

Even the dumbest lie can have big consequences.

I've designed it to be the best place for them to live. A place where they can finally have the care and happiness they deserve. And if you think it's a bad idea, I really don't care!

I got it! I got it! According to PayPal, the Russian guys are just hired mercenaries who had ads up on Craig's List and got paid through eBay so that Boston could be attacked by... the British.

What?? "A-ight"'s not cool, either? When did that happen?

I'll give you ten bucks to eat it.

How the hell did they find out it was us that TP'ed that house?

But Chef, you just ripped on Chinese people.

There are greater things at work than what you understand.

What?!! Sick, dude, I'm not kissing a girl!

I didn't wanna have to do this.  but if you don't tell us, I'm gonna tell your dad you helped get the wrong person elected President!

Ah-ah-ah-are wooden desks all that available? I usually prefer the plastic ones because these give me splinters.

People aren't gonna support our company if we dig in our heels and say we don't care about anything!

Let's go. Oh my God, that smells good. 

Boy, that really did the trick, Stan. I thought we were kind of, sort of, not really done for.

All the time: "Look out for your little brother, Kyle!", "Take care of your little brother, Kyle", and he wasn't even really my little brother.

We can't get out! The flames are too big!

Nono, after we found Cartman, I put the headset on and then-

I got it! I got my Chinpokomon game controller! 

Don't try to take me away again, Mom and Dad! I told you! I renounced the Jewish faith!

We didn't realize hunger made you feel so bad.

We heard that you might be teaching Minecraft to adults.

It's just a marketing ploy by the network. Like that time they had the first male-to-male kiss with Terrance and Phillip?

Be a good boy? You know all about this?

Fine,  then we'll shut our cable off altogether!

The only way you can cancel it out is to get Butters to put your wiener in his mouth.

Don't fart on your way out; you might make little smoke signals. 

Singing a Christmas song isn't gonna get you nice deductions, Cartman! Don't forget: it's because of you that Santa's sleigh got shot down!

Mom? Can Kenny go to Jewbilee with me?

Okay.  N-no, ah I don't want that much responsibility. Here, you hold on to it, Kenny. 

Just tell us where Lemmiwinks is being held prisoner so we can kill this stupid rat!

IT WASN'T MY IDEA, IT WAS YOURS! YOU KILLED KENNY, YOU BASTARD!

Wikileaks.  It says here his name is Wikileaks.

Yeah, fatass! Get your fat butt on the sled!

Like look at him. He's always shaking and nervous.

It's not enough! Ever since Kenny switched sides, there are more kids that wanna go with PS4 on Black Friday.

Aw man, at least the real Jesus didn't weigh 400 pounds!

It's unbelievable, Stan. EA Sports just used us the entire time. We worked for nothing and EA made all the money. You know, I don't think we actually deserved getting screwed over but, but I guess making tons of money off of people who are making nothing is always gonna cause problems. I know, I know, right? We might've got screwed, but the really tragic thing is that those, those poor crack babies at the hospitals are just gonna be stuck there, with nowhere to go.  No way!  This is it!

I guess so. She's, like, his first real girlfriend ever.

Dad, I think Ike is starving to death. 

Come on, dude, somebody needs to wipe that fuckin' smirk off his face!

Hold it!  Principal Victoria, Mr. Mackey, Mrs. Streible. We have something we need to tell you.

A family! So THAT's why you haven't been able to spread Christmas cheer.

Ahh-d, excuse me, sir, did I hear you say you needed somebody for your show?

He is working for the Wall-Mart to stop us from succeeding!

Oh stop! We're not friends! He's the one who infected me with AIDS!

What if they don't show the Terrance & Phillip trailer at all? What if we went through all of this for nothing?

Did you smoke some of your mom's crack?

Well that goes without saying, fatass, how could she help but look at you!

Baahir Hakeem.  Born in Chicago, eight years old, his favorite color is green... Car, Cartman, what is this all about?

But where have you been? Things aren't the same without you. Nobody seems to have the Christmas spirit.

There's a lot of holes in the Theory of Evolution too; it doesn't mean it's wrong.

Yeah, they want everyone to stick around and watch more of this retarded show.

We're not basing research for our report on this crap!

Yes. His flowing melodies are really enjoyable to us.

It's not me! I'm here to help you, fatass!

Alright, alright! If it means that much to you, take the stupid triangle!

Yeah, I noticed that too. Let's go get some ice-cold lemonade.

Goddammit Cartman, stop throwin' those stupid poppy-things at me! 

Dude, I'm not going to lose to Cartman's stupid turd sandwich. 

No way, dude! It sucked ass! They don't even have cable!

I heard you won't even get in the deep end.

Hey Texans! Let me through; we want a treaty!

Sir, we would love to sign your wife.

I can't just hide my whole life, Butters. And besides, I have this strange feeling that one of you is gonna totally betray me. 

From now on, MOOP isn't about money. MOOP is about music! We're not striking anymore! Who's with us?! 

But I did! Ah, I brought democracy to Cuba!

Yeah, we've shown them amusement parks and malls. How can you expect them to go back now??

All right, now everybody take a tablet and a pencil.  and when all the ideas start coming, just write 'em down. We might not remember everything otherwise.

You don't get sucked into it! You don't get sucked in at all! Plehehehehehehehese!

Well that does it! If us boys are going to live, we have to get rid of the girls!

Dude, I can't deal with Wall-Mart right now. My parents had me there for three hours last night. 

Uh, oh, this, this is, the new retarded kid.

Eh now,  come on, you guys, we can't take this decision lightly. Whoever we pick is going to be the person we do everything with from now on.

Stop wasting the tacos on your hand, Cartman!

I'm not inviting you, Cartman. You can't go.

It's no use. There's nobody around for miles.

Please, sir. I came because I don't think Ike belongs here. Family isn't about whose blood you have in you, family is about the people who cared about you and took care of you. We're not the same blood, but I love my little brother. We've taken care of him because he needed us to, and that makes us more family than anything. 

Oh my God! I killed Kenny! You bastard!

What the hell did you do that for, Kenny?!

That's not what she said. You're putting extras on again. It's not that funny.

Hey Stan. Dude, I want you to have this. It's the twenty bucks I owed you plus thirty dollars interest.

Cartman, what is going on out there?! What happened to Stan?!

Dad, if the school has to pay you and Cartman $1.3 million, where does that money come from?

Yeah. Then it cancels out the gay polarity.

Ugh. Can't you see this is my dream?? Music is my life!

You can't do this! We were gonna build an orphanage! So the crack babies have somewhere to go!

Come on, Ike, hurry up!  Where is the next train going?

I wanted to get Ike out of his room, so I invited all his friends over for a slumber party to play Dragon Age: Inquisition.

Okay. We've got $15 between us. That means we get nine balls to throw.

I'm sorry.  I I'm sorry, I can't do this.  I'm not doing this. 

The reason Chef has been saying those terrible things about us is because he's been brainwashed! By this- fruity little club!

He didn't even seem like Chef. He seemed like a empty shell of a man.

All right, then we go with the plan. Just like "To Catch A Predator".  The first guy is here. This is probably HotForBoys219. 

Oh, God.  Wuh. Aah. Get out of here!

I promised my mom I'd let him try. 

You're not supposed to rock, you're supposed to keep the beat!

Cartman, what the hell's the matter with you? 

Is it cold in here? I realize we're in the mountains, but do we have to freeze to death?

And it actually helps the crack babies. It's like volunteering but, but we just make a little on the side.

Oh dude, we are gonna get it now.

Well, let's just try to finish all this coffee, so we can stay up.

He said his wish is not to die. 

Well!  You're gonna be sorry when you see me riding around on Santa's sleigh with Mr. Hankey, fatass!

I can't wait until the teacher yells at us this time, and we all tell her to suck our balls!

Judas Priest.  Wow! Downloading music for free is awesome! 

They're cells that come from fetuses, and some research show that they could be used to treat diseases.

What was it about? Ih-in case our teacher asks us.

Oh yeah.  Fine, I'll kick your ass tomorrow, dick! 

Yeah, this is starting to look like something we shouldn't be any part of. Let's go play with trucks or something. 

Jesus, dude. W-w-what happened? It's like, something's lowered the bar to the point that nobody feels any shame anymore.

But we've been playing for eight hours. We can't think of anything else to do.

Why don't you just sneak in your mom's closet and get a picture when she's changing clothes?

No it isn't, you fat turd! Because, I've learned something today. You just hate-  See, I knew it.

You know what I mean! Why is my little brother watching you talking about us talking about him?!

We have great news! Our friend has lost forty pounds eating your City Wok food. Here's the before and after photos.

That's the most horrible story I've ever heard. Why would God do such a horrible thing to a good person just to prove a point to Satan?

If some of us are on PS4s, but the rest of us are on XBox's, then we all can't play together online. See? This is all about committing to one machine.

Hey... Hey, we know a place! We know a place where everything is just happiness and joy. And no humans are there to mess it up.

I mean, come on guys, that's pretty cool, right? My little brother is a knight in Canada. 

Excuse me, is this really what you think she should be doing right now?

Dude, screw this! I don't wanna see anymore!

Jesus, it's freezing out here. He, he could be dead.

Yeah. I think Phil Collins rocks the house.

I'll call the producers of the show. They'll help you find your dad.

It's not a game, you derelict! And this isn't Scotch! It's apple juice! 

That people shouldn't sue each other all the time.

Try it.  We'll see you in a while, we got to go get Cartman's pig.

It's been a week since Ike's been gone, and every day my parents seem worse. I have to try to go to Canada and speak with the new Canadian Prime Minister, but I can't do it alone.

It's not a presentation, it's a hate speech! People aren't creeped out by gingers!

It always has been. See? This is nice. 

Dude! Nobody wants to hear you commenting on things!

Carman, will you shut up? I'm trying to find out what's going on.

How can they let an eight-year-old decide Kenny's fate?

Dude, no wonder terrorists come from places like this! If I grew up here, I'd be pissed off, too!

Aw, I just hit my nose playing dodgeball.

I think we can do it, Stan. I've been close to a million a few times by myself.

Ah, heck, Mr. Visitors, I'm just a kid all alone in this crazy world, but if you could find it in your hearts or whatever you have, to give my brother back to me, it sure would make my life brighter again.

I can't keep doing it, Wendy. I know he has an illness, but goddamn, it uh, it's like being around a black hole that just sucks the life out of everything.

No, Muslims can't show an image of Mohammad.

Well it's just that, eh, this seems like another one of those times when things are gonna get way out of hands, you know? It's been happening a lot lately. How about this time we just put a stop to it right now?

Well, cou, couldn't just you know, get rid of the part of Tooth Decay?

Dude! Just 'cause some stupid North Park kid blew his hands off, we don't get to buy M-80s?

...Yeah, and dressing up and running around at night is faggy anyway.

He's just... changing a lot. He walks around angry, telling me I'm stupid and, and all he talks about is sex.

What happened? I thought you were gonna kill yourself.

It's perfect! I could take her to a basketball game.  Man I I don't know what's happenin', but... it seems like all the girls are... kind of into me lately. 

Whoever it might happen to be, I'm not giving him the opportunity. Tomorrow I'm going to do something. Something I've known I would have to do restore people's faith.

Mom. Mom. I found out all about this great new magician named David Blaine.

No. We can't, dude. We have to win the Terrance and Phillip dolls.

No way! You wanna go with us so you can betray us at some point and keep us from destroying the Wall-Mart.

It says, "Read Teetle the Timid Ta-- Taa-- The Taxi--" What's this word?

Chef, have you ever had something happen to you, but nobody believed you?

Hey, fatass! Instead of laying in bed eating, why don't you come and help?!

Because! Everyone is suing everyone else, and you're pretty much the cause of it all!

Why? Why, Mom? Because if I do something bad will happen to me? Because if I do your God might not shower me with his blessings of infected hemorrhoids?

Wha?! Well wait, ahah I wanna see what happens here!

But you need to understand: we have a whale here that needs to get back to his family on the moon.

How do we know which one to use?

You... bastards!  Wha, what the hell is wrong with you?? What kind of Prime Minister bases his decisions on hatred?  And, and takes away mounties' horses?  And French people's wine? What the hell kind of Prime Minister are you, anyway?!

If you really think every kid in America should see your anti-bullying movie, then why don't you put it on the Internet for free?!

Cartman, I thought all you wanted was a Haibo doll!

Thanks for seeing us, sir. My friend is really worried about his dad.

Well, let's see how he likes the icy blasts from my nunchucks of Sokuromoto! 

Doctor, this is Muhammad. We want you to clone him, so we can give his copies to gingers, and Barbra Streisand.

Look! It might be a coincidence, but I think we'd better ask someone. Come on! 

So how was that movie last night, dude?

Whoa! They gave you an anal probe Cartman?

I'm just not sure this is the name people are gonna give money to.

But you accepted money from the Canadian government! To push a freemium game on us! Why would they do that?!

Dude, why the hell would you DO that?!

You get a platinum album for selling one million copies, you fat turd!

You assholes stole our client! How about some Goddamn business ethics?!

Damn it! Come on! I'll try to get more money from my mom. 

I don't want you to jump them, retard!

And then we won't have to show anybody the picture Kenny has of you guys sucking each other's jagons.

We've gotta move away. We've gotta get as far away from this town as possible!

Stop saying "hella," Cartman!  How are we gonna win the contest with a squash?  Whoa, Stan. You don't look so good.

Look at yourself! You've got to lay off the cheese! 

Yeah. Cartman's weight was what gave us speed, so we need to find the next-fattest kid besides Cartman. 

I don't know how you do it, dude. How do you get up in front of that many people?

Yeah, sorry dude uh, I can't make it either.

But how are we gonna get the balls put on Butters' chin?

Will you stop it with that?! What part of this is funny to you?!

Because that sounds like we don't have anything, We've been through this already, Stan!

No it isn't. Come on, I have an idea.

Come on, Tweek! He's only got one arm!

Ike, we could go play the game downstairs. Isn't that better than watching some guy on YouTube playing it?

Maybe you should go talk to the counselor.

We're gonna teach that fat bastard a lesson!

I know, hunh? Put your mouth against the glass like this.  Waaaaah! 

Well, I'm sure glad this is all over with. Let's go count our candy.

I thought you said the wonder of Mother Nature was a beautiful thing.

No, uh-I knew it! I knew it. I was just testing you guys. You just wait till I get to that Chinpokomon camp! I'm gonna be the toughest master of them all! So we'll see you there, a-ight? 

Sister, you don't know the half of it.

But we actually are busy. Tonight's the big fight.

-bring me back my little brother, God damnit!

This is just startin' to look like another one of those times where it-it's gonna end up with the whole town turning out, it's a big showdown happening, and us havin' to talk about what we learned, and I say we just stop right now, and go play cards or something.

How hard can it be? Look at it. 

I got a job, Stan. I am making tons of money doing some really cool stuff.

I can't deal with it, Stan. I mean, all the stuff I've been reading; I really don't think I exist!

What's this comforter filled with? Um, it isn't filled with down, is it?

But it's okay, Stan, because I finally figured it out. You see, if someone like Cartman can get a million dollars and his own theme park, then there is no God. There's no God, dude.

Ike! Ike! Wake up buddy! Wake up! Ike, you've gotta wake up, please!  Eh there you go. That's good.  Oh Ike. I thought I lost you, little brother.

Uh I'm trying, Mr. Mackey, I really am.

Look. You guys built a machine together that can bend time. If you'll just agree with him, you can build another one and usher in a whole new era of science!

Wow. I think I owe you one, Cartman.

All you ever do is talk about your balls!

Hold on everybody. This thing isn't even a-

It doesn't matter if I am or not. People voted and I stand behind the president.

Dude, don't you see that it's not? It'd be like, changing Raiders of the Lost Ark!

If you want to make sure I'm not switching sides, Cartman, you don't have to worry. Stan is wrong.

You want a fight? Well, that's fine with me!

So, how are things going at Cartman's theme park?!

That's not being nice! That's just putting on a nice sweater!

Butters! Hey Butters! You have to check this out!

Fatass Cartman was
not on the school bus today.
What a big, fat turd.

It was like having the life sucked out of you. That' all it is, sliding down a cable. Maybe without a tour group it'd be ...kind of fun. Maybe. But, this was just... a complete disaster.

Dreidel dreidel dreidel,
I made you out of clay,
Dreidel dreidel dreidel--

Ike, Ike, you have to be honest. Am I ugly, yes or no?  You ALL think I'm ugly. Jesus Christ, the least you could have done is told me!

I said I'm sorry, you piece of sh- 

Look, Stan. When Kenny died I learned how important friends are. I'm not gonna lose another friend.

Do you mind telling us what the hell is going on??

Stan, if I didn't know you better, I would almost think you're doing this because you wanna play with girls.

Dude, we don't have time for your stupid jokes! We're gonna die!

We're just gonna fly to California and break into George Lucas's house. What's stressful about that?

Come on, fatass! You shouldn't be eating all that cake anyway!

Oh, dude, I feel so much better about being Jewish now that I see that Mel Gibson is just a big wacko douche. 

You don't get it, Stan! I can play here all I want. I even get free Frescas. I don't need you anymore! 

A hundred thousand for a picture of Britney peeing on a ladybug. Imagine what a photo of her crapping on a squirrel is worth!

Butters has been missing for a week! You might have inadvertently gotten him killed!

Well you're NOT crazy. The whale talked to all of us. And he needs our help getting him home.

I'll kill you, Triceratops! You made fun of my crippled mother!

You can't believe it?? He does this shit all the time!

I'll never forget you. You were my best friend after Stan.

Oh. Good idea, Phillip. Let's look for treasuh.

Hey, are you going to come to Ike's bris this weekend?

I don't want to! It's a stupid name! 

Sally Struthers, dude. She used to be on Full House.

There's a Hillary Clinton campaign rally.  Cartman? ...Cartman? 

Jimmy, you're got to explain to the Germans that this is your fault, not ours!

No, dude, you're supposed to put their hand in warm water and it makes them pee.

Oh that's,  yeah that's good, that's good. Alright, chapter... one...

Yeah. I hope he makes his Salisbury steak with buttered noodles! 

I DIDN'T THINK THERE WAS GOING TO BE A GOD-DAMNED LEPRECHAUN!!

Yes, Mr. Garrison, I have to go now.

In there? But it's very confined. I'll get cramps in my legs.

We don't have a choice, dude. That guy killed our characters 14 times.

Dude, I can't believe they fell for it!

Cartman, do you remember how we all spent the night at Kenny's a couple of days ago?

Would you excuse us for a second?  You just can't expect me to sit there and say nothing. No, Ike, I'm supposed to be looking out for you. So what? I wasn't going to just blurt it out, I was gonna use some tact, but you won't even let me... What? Uh uh! Stop right there, Ike!  Mom, I think maybe you should talk to Ike about love and sex!

Come, on, Kenny! I'll give you five bucks to do it!

"Dear Mommy and Daddy: I am running away. I am sorry, but I can no longer handle the monotony of middle-class life. Everyone at school is a fucking idiot, and if one more person talked to me about that Susan Boyle performance of Les Misérables I was going to puke my balls out through my mouth. I love you all, but I have to move on. I'm going to Somalia to be a-" to be a pirate?! Oh shit!

But everyone tries that. There has to be something you're exposed to that others aren't. Could we see where you sleep?

Because I-  I... Um... because I think... they are real. It's all real. Think about it. Haven't Luke Skywalker and Santa Claus affected your lives more than most real people in this room? I mean, whether Jesus is real or not, he... he's had a bigger impact on the world than any of us have. And the same could be said of Bugs Bunny and, a-and Superman and Harry Potter. They've changed my life, changed the way I act on the Earth. Doesn't that make them kind of "real." They might be imaginary, but, but they're more important than most of us here. And they're all gonna be around long after we're dead. So in a way, those things are more realer than any of us. 

We've got work to do Stan, I think it takes a while for an elephant to get drunk.

All right, where are the missing ballots?!  President Obama?

Ike! Do your impersonation of David Caruso's career!

Yeah, I think they already moved in. I saw moving vans in their driveway two days ago.

I know, but dude, we can't license our games to EA Sports and pay the crack babies nothing. Slavery is illegal.

Dude, what kind of sick joke is that? Girls suck ass.

No. We just have to show him that there's other girls out there. I say we take him to Raisins.

You spent $10 and eight hours to unlock a stadium?

But it's like eight pages long and they send me a new one like every three weeks! How can they know if I-

Your girlfriend doesn't even like you, Stan the Man! She likes me!

Goddammit, Cartman! You only got that because you knew my mom would buy it for me!

He's a talking piece of poo that lives in the sewer. But now he's getting sick because his egosystem is all out of whack because of all the extra poo in the sewer. If you don't all leave and go home soon, Mr. Hankey's gonna die. He's one of my best friends in the whole wide worldeh, and I don't want him to die. 

Your mom... uses Chipotlaway... to clean blood stains... out of your underwear?

Jimmy, exactly what part of the fishsticks joke did Cartman write?

So you intended for us to go ziplining all along? Why, Stan?!

Yeah. He's almost as bad as that guy on Full House.

I just wanted to see if maybe you want to do fingerpaints with me.

What do you mean? We thought she was with you.

Because you just said, "here in my room"!

Haven't you noticed everyone getting sick? It all started when they said "shit" on television.

That is the dumbest idea you guys have ever come up with! I'd expect this stupidity out of Cartman, but you, Stan?! Butters needs medical attention right now!

See Cartman, your mom is on the cover.

Something must have happened to Chef while he was gone. Maybe he hit his head or, or got stuck in some quantum time vortex.

No it wasn't, fatass! I saw you do it!

Well, because you got good coordination, sharp reflexes, and you're fucking fat.

But we can put our money together with the money you made whoring yourself to all the women. How much did you make?

Dude, we have to get rid of our weapons so at least we can try to deny everything.

You're not getting away with this, you fat turd! 

She said it's fine, but that I still have to go to baseball practice tonight..

Kenny, we know you really like this girl, but...

Cartman is trying to bring Christmas to Iraq.

Ex-cuse me?! If my little brother has been getting some athlete's hormones, then who has been getting Ike's medication?!

And that applies to all of us, doesn't it? Even though it's convenient to have things done for you, sometimes it's best to deal with it yourself. 

Butters! We said you can't watch it! We have a quest!

Okay, here's the one part that really makes no sense to me:  the first time you saw blood stains on your underwear, were you alarmed?

I guess there's nothing we can do. Chef likes her more than us.

I can't. I have to wait for Rebecca to show up.

It's just that... I really need this A, Stan. And Bebe did say you almost broke your last egg.

Here.  We made ten million theoretical dollars. It's all for you. 

But, but he's lying! He doesn't have a conscience!

I'm gonna shove that thing up your ass!

That does it! I know what I have to do! 

Whoa, Cartman. We aren't gonna be hippies anymore. Y-you don't have to kill us.

Stan! You've got to help us become good Christians. Please.

What?! You were waiting for me in the bathroom!

'Cause, r-tard, he's Stan from the future. He knows everything Stan knows.

No, no, uh I wanna be tall and black.

NO. Dude, maybe you should see a doctor.

Well, he is. It turns out that the bookmobile driver here was the one making love to chickens.

How do you know...  that wasn't your therapy? 

He just doesn't wanna look like an idiot, so he wants everyone to think the strike was for something. Just, just give him anything!

Just admit you were lying, Cartman, so that everyone can go home!

Red Robin can be rented out, for wedding parties. If we all chip in we can pay for the deposit to have the wedding party there.

But it's not fair! We have to do a full report on the Founding Fathers, and Cartman got out of helping us again!

I don't know about this guys. I think playing hide and seek in the airport might be dangerous.

Dude, asshole, you're keeping a lot of other celebrities in purgatory!

We'd better be. We've been in line for almost an hour!

Dude, what actually makes total sense about it, if you look at it, is that the crack babies are finally getting some attention and the care that they need.  Yeah. It's pretty cool, dude. Because most of these babies would normally not even get out, you know? Huh, or be able to do anything.  Just because we are making money doesn't mean that those babies aren't benefiting. It isn't exploiting them. They're finding a useful place in society. What's so unethical about that? 

Cartman? Come on, dude. You have to get up.

Ike, I don't care if you wanna grow up, I just wanna be by your side while you do it.

Yeah. And my powerful nunchakus make me into Bunroku , a deadly but compassionate ninja who protects those in trouble.

Ma'am, please, I think my little brother needs immediate help.

Dude! Where have you been? I've been waiting all afternoon.

Come down here, you stinking aliens!  Uh, uh...

I hate you, remember?  You wanna be partners, Jimmy?

Please, I need to talk to the people inside. They can't set off that nuke.

Hey Stan, we're gonna go to the movies.

Whoa. Check it out, dude.  It's got little drawings on it.

D-ude, I totally miffed that middle part. Did you see that?

...Oh, and I hope one day to be an investment banker.

Well come on! We gotta tell you what happened. I'm sure glad it's over with. 

Yeah, that's why we wanna have a startup company.

I don't know what to do.  Part of me feels like I wanna end it all now.  Tell people what heppened. You know, I never knew how beautiful this pond was before.  So cold. The world can feel like that.  So calm on the outside, as if nothing bad ever happens.  Ow.  What the hell are you doing, Cartman?!

Kenny, what's funnier? A giant douche or a turd sandwich?

We are raising money so that Chef can hire Johnnie Cochran to sue you!

Hey. We paid for the sea people too. How come they're not making statues of us? 

Mister Father!  We have to ask you something.

I won't believe it! I won't! I have to ask my mom and dad! 

Dude, I think it might be best for us to never piss Cartman off again.

They were wearing cowboy hats!  Did you see??  Did you see?? 

Just stop it! That's enough! You aren't reading another sentence of your stupid story!

I mean, yeyou people are all just such hick jock rednecks; it's just like you right out of a stereotyped catalog.  Ah I can't take it. See ya. 

What I understand is that you totally screwed me over!! So why should I have to listen to you?!

So then we sit there for like, thirty minutes, because we had to wait for this couple who was running late. 

Uh, alright then.  Oh, would you look at that? I've got a corn on my ankle.  Now where did that one come from? That's the fourth one I've had- 

All right, fine. I'll do the dumb test.

Or if you sold one to an "Eric Cartman"?

Get ready guys. Whoever is in here is the kid that's hacking our e-mails and phone calls! You guys ready?!

But what about Mr. Garrison? He can't go back.

I'm sorry. You must've been worried sick. I got your sled tangled up with a bus. 

Dude, why'd you make that deal? If we're out buying tampons, we'll miss the trailer anyway/

You're gonna see it.  WILL SOMEBODY GET ME A GOD DAMNED CHARGER?

God, that was not cool at all, dude!

Ahhh I've seen this before. Whenever they try to distract a robot in the movies, they tell it some kind of paradox, to get its processors all tripped out.

Ass full of pork fat
jiggles like a Jello mold.
Mouth is flapping, too.

Well Token was a definite winner for talent show. But then we decided to take everyone to a baseball game, to see how we got along there.

Dude, you'd better watch it. The principal's right over there. 

So wait. Do we do that spin-around thing on the last beat?

Your grandma left it to you! You didn't earn it!

Oh no! They ruined my life! I get to kill them first!

You use IntelliLink?? Oh my God! Will you check his records please?

Look, Stan, I'm finally whole! My dad is even gonna take me back down to the all-star game to see if I can try out for the team again!

The outside of the device seems to be covered in numerals. Inside are colors... which must open up to some sort of temporal time warp.

Bebe, I thought we were going to watch Terrance & Phillip today.

Wait. Isn't there some rule about not getting into cars with strnagers?

Cartman farted in there! We had to breath it in for 20 hours!

Noo! Wait! You can't listen to him! He's a lying deceitful monster who only wants Family Guy off the air!

Why don't they leave those movies alone? We liked them the way they were!

Come on, Blanket! We gotta go before your dad sees us. 

She did, but now they're saying we have to start going back to school anyways. It's totally gay.

Kenny's ashes were in an urn, and Cartman drank it, thinking it was chocolate milk mix.

That bull sucks! He's not even bucking or anything!

Pulling an episode because someone is offended starts a chain reaction. You'll have to pull more and more episodes until the show goes off the air completely. It's what happened to Laverne & Shirley.

He's gone, dude! Butters says he saw him leave.

Principal Victoria, there's something you need to know! Cartman's Tourette's isn't real! He's faking!

That's a retarded idea that won't work. Why are you really doing this?

This itches! Give me some of that calamine lotion, Cartman.

Hey, that might work. But it can't be a party for us.

Yeah. And we're sorry for turning Ned into a vegetable.

Ju-just have a little compassion, huh? I mean, everyone's gone out and bought something stupid. It's not so bad. Whichever of you guys has never bought anything frivolous, go ahead and huck the next squirrel. 

And this kid is watching Cartman commenting on people commenting on Dragon Age.

...Remember when life used to be simple and cool?

Ike!  Stop the bus! Miss Crabtree, you have to stop this bus!

Uhhh-woo wow! Isn't this great? You guys seeing each other again?

When a man and a woman feel ...love... they put their lips together.

Move on?! Our friend was raped, Stan! He was raped, and we all stood there and did  nothing!

You guys, I feel kinda bad for that kid.

Excuse us, we're trying to get a picture of Britney Spears!

Steve, you don't have to freeze yourself. Look!

Hey, wait a minute. Towelie always showed up to give us towel advice when we'd said something about water.

Yeah, we made the whole thing up. It was all just a really, really funny joke! 

All right, all right!  Dude, what is the matter with you?

When Cartman first opened the door, and saw the Thompsons, he felt bad for playing a joke on them. Now that everything's turned out alright, he's able to laugh.

You have to! Here, have some more mayonnaise. 

Man, it's really starting to snow.  I hope they don't close the roads.

Guys, guys, I know we're all concerned, but we have to work together!

Dude, what do you mean "We don't have a coach."?

Hoh no, dude. If they get sent back to Romania, we'll never get our Cirque dei Ceville going.

But, everyone thinks I was responsible for 9/11.

The girls do not have a device that shows them the future Cartman. That's retarded.

Yeah, what do you guys wanna do now?

You son of a bitch! I won't let you win! You hear me?!

Alright, so did everyone settle on their wrestling names?

Yeah. Come in for a minute, would you?

Yeah, and he was out sick yesterday too. Guys...  I think Kenny isn't here because he's at home cheesing.

Why the hell would you want three copies of the same movie?

Here's the thing: Whether or not I'm a part of it, crack baby basketball is popular. Somebody's going to do it. So the only way for me to try and help the situation is to be involved in it, so that I can steer things in a direction that is more beneficial to the actual crack babies.  Oh, it's sooo easy for you, isn't it? I mean, what do you have to do except lay there and think about what you did at school today, or what you want to watch on TV tomorrow? Well sorry, Skippy, but the world isn't always black and white! Just because some people are born poorer than others doesn't mean I can't enjoy a few McDonald's French fries in a hot tub of gravy from Kentucky Fried Chicken!

He'll view it as a challenge when he's getting his ass kicked!

Cartman, what the hell are you talking about?! They're identical!

We didn't think that by pretending you didn't exist, you would really change, but you really have.

How can you say that? Did you see what we did to their house?! It'll take them days to clean that up!

How can they make a show out of this? I wasn't even agreeing with them. 

We said we wouldn't be a part of this fad and look at you!

I still say this is a bad idea.

Yeah. And I can still get my A!

Wait a minute, the rights to Star Wars, the movies? What the hell is going on here?!

You sold us out?! For an iPod Nano?!

Now look, Butters, when the girls bring out the future-telling device, pay attention to how it works. Once you know how to operate it, just grab it and get the hell out of there.

So where are students getting all this cough medicine??  This surveillance footage shows a group of troubled kids getting all the smack they want from a pharmacist!  Sexy Action School News reported the pharmacist to the South Park police, and he was immediately arrested! 

We can't, dude. Not until we find Mr. Hankey. 

Come on Starvin' Marvin, I want you to meet my little brother.

You can't just roll into places and take people's lives away!

Our band can't find a stylistic direction to go in. We need to go down to the mall to buy hundreds of CDs to listen to so we can define our sound.

This is exactly what you would do if they found lice in your hair! Try to lead the charge against somebody else to take the suspicion off of yourself!

Butters was supposed to go with us to Casa Bonita tonight.

Cartman, how stupid are you?! Didn't you read the Bible? We have to leave you up there until you die, and then you come back to life in three days.

Rainbows are those little arches of color that show up during a rainstorm.

Look, it may not seem important now, but your vote really does count, and we all have to do our part.

But my parents are gonna cut off his ding-dong!

Well, we got some cigarettes, but we don't think you should be smoking. Each year, over a million people die of smo-

There can't be that many pet stores in South Park, dude. 

Well, ah I mean, we have to accept that we have a problem, and put the blame completely on ourselves. I mean, maybe this isn't really even a disease. 

In our deal with EA Sports we are giving them the right to use images of the crack babies and their names. But we aren't paying the crack babies.

You guys, do you really care what a bunch of girls have to say about how you rank in looks?! 

Why?! So that we can lose our business and everything can go back to old times?!

This is your fault, Cartman! Now we're gonna fail!

I have an idea.  I don't like it, but I think it's the only choice we have.

I've been thinking, Wendy. This whole outcome is pretty strange.

Did you eat too many pork rinds last night? 

You're right, Stan. My Grandma isn't floating around, judging me and watching what I do. She's dead. Dead and gone forever.

Pleahehese! My farm hasn't expanded in three days!

These producers making a big holiday special!  They had me upload a video for a commercial they're about to air! They said my hash tag was awesome, and they wanted to promote it!

All right I've had enough! Leprechauns are imaginary!

Dude, you need to snap out of this! So Wendy left you for Token. What are you gonna do? Just be miserable your whole life?

You, you paid your friends tuh...  not make fun of me?

It doesn't matter. He'll be most excited to meet me!

Yes, yes, hello? Is this Mr. Su-gi-yama with the Japanese space program?  How much to take a whale into space?  Nu-no, we don't want you to eat the whale, we want you to send it to the moon. How much? Jesus Christ! Uh hang on.  Hello? Jimmy, any luck at the Chinese Embassy?

No, we'll stay here too. If we start wandering off, we're gonna get lost or killed. Let's just wait here and hope help comes soon.

Towelie, over the past few months I have watched you go from an ancillary character with a few amusing catchphrases to a dried out spooge rag covered in the jizz of a thousand older men.

Hm, I think he took that pretty well, I think.

Cartman, you only come to soccer practice on Fridays, and that's only because we have Kentucky Fried Chicken afterwards!

He catches the feesh so, then he can make money.

But, dude this doesn't make any sense. I mean, if you know it's going to make you crap blood, why wouldn't you at least just try eating less of it?

Oh! Tha-oh, yeah, the the startup company thing didn't really work out.

All right! Now, come on! We have to practice! 

Just because two people are the same race doesn't mean they belong together, you fat racist piece of fucking garbage!

I don't think Mr. Jefferson pays enough attention to his son to notice. Come on! 

Those XBox Ones are as good as ours!

Well, Tweek's okay, but he's certainly no Kenny! 

Stan, I have to go home!! I need my cream!! I need my creeheam!!

Well, then you should. I think that a person has a right to die if they wanna.

Oh this is sweet. I've seen this episode.

No, I mean, this is impossible, Stan! Cartman is the biggest asshole in the world! How is it that God gives him a million dollars?

I don't wanna go to your stupid movie premiere!  And don't tape that to my locker!  Oh God. 

Come on, we have to finish the quest in Stonehaven. 

He beat us. Because all this time we've been so caught up with how to protect our music that we forgot to just play.

Get him!  Whoa, Tweek! Did you hear that?

Dude, because of the electoral college these votes in swing states can really matter.

Where's all the cool costumes and jumping off ropes and stuff?!

Why are they doing us one at a time?

Do you think we can still make it in time?

'Cause old ladies are fat and you are, too!

Check it out: Now we're going into the secret underground base.

We spent all afternoon learning about how we aren't actually happy. I had no idea how unhappy I was until today. They gave me this cool book to read, and I'm already on chapter four....

I don't have a choice, dude. I'm gonna swallow my pride, face Cartman, and say "Congratulations. You were right" And I'm gonna give him the ten dollars. And hopefully, he won't make a big deal out of it.

They told us he has a m-muscular disease. An and, that ...and that he, he might die. 

Nobody believes in you, not even my friends.

Nah, my mom packed me a kosher lunch.

Yes, I did! I said from the beginning that you would do this!

No, it's still just some whiny, annoying teenager talking about how lame he is.

Yeah. This is like the third day in a row. I wonder what's wrong

Well, I- I invested in that IT thing, and there was a bailout, so I received a five million dollar bailout clause check, which, which I can use to help my family, so, I- I guess, goodbye, cousin. 

I... because the world is at peace. I must endure.

Come on you guys, we need to figure out how to get out of school so we can get my little brother back.

Yeah. Look what he did to our friend, Kenny.

How much do we have left, Cartman?  How much do we have left, Cartman?!

You don't think that-? But he isn't real.

You know, I think we all learned something today. It's fine to have your own beliefs and your own traditions, but as soon as you start excluding people from your ways, only because of their race, you become separatists. And being a separatist sucks ass.

Come on, hurry. I bet we can get to level 29! 

You guys! You guys! I've looked up the word, "shit"! I think it might have something to do with people dying!

Goddammit, Chef isn't like that! Something funny is going on around here!

Yeah, I don't know what to do with it, though. Well, see ya.

Yeah, this all happened the day after he went to that concert!

You want Tammy to give you a B.J.?

Uh oh. I guess we shouldn't have made him eat it. 

Stan...  Do you really think my hat is stupid?

Yes, yes! Now the Jews shall take control of Christmas once and for all! HAHA! HAAA!!

"You know he can't think on his own, Kyle!" "Brush and floss, Kyle!" "Where has that finger been, Kyle?"

But of course it matters, because you should be concerned there's blood in your underwear.  Do you understand this?

Look, we could we could probably get Terrance, but he'll be performing with this other guy.

Come on, Stan! Just strike this kid out so we can end the season! 

I need to book one trip to the moon, please. Right away.

Butters, Butters, I'm, I'm kind of super busy right now.

Yeah! Then she told us to throw a chair at Ned!

David Blaine is doing a big performance in Denver tomorrow night.  We're sure his magic will entertain and astound you!

Well, we'd better get working. Cartman, you go home and call all the pet stores in the phone book.

They picked up my hash tag, Stan! I'm trending!

Yeah.  Hey Riley! Try this hamburger.  Cartman made them himself.

Yeah. I guess we gotta try to get into that club, too.

Don't listen to him! You still have a chance to preserve your film! 

We can't deal with you saying "hella" anymore, Cartman! You're going to the other universe! 

Please, tune in and help get America's families back in the living room.

Come on. I'll tell you all about what happened to me. 

There is no such thing as a funny fuse, Cartman. You felt bad.

Oh, you can pretend all you want! You're not fooling anybody!

Dude, what are we supposed to do? We always just play with fireworks.

It's Mr. Hankey! He hasn't shown up yet.

We didn't say nothin' about no kids, man!

Heck yeah I'll visit your farm! You should check mine out too!

No. I found this frozen guy in the woods today.

Original zombie? Well, how the hell do we know who the original zombie is?!

We know. Believe me, we know. We're reminded every day that you're not Kenny because Kenny... was cool.

Yeah, but now we think maybe heaven isn't a place you can get to, maybe heaven is just an idea. A frame of mind or, or something gay like that. Maybe heaven... is this moment, right now.

You know what? At least Scott Malkinson has some self-respect! At least Scott Malkinson doesn't cave into peer pressure and start doing musicals!

I don't know what to do. I just can't seem to get my friend numbers to go up. I'm desperate. That's why I came to you.

Yes, but now we don't have any homework, so we can go see Timmy play downtown at Mile High Stadium

Oh, just this really really old lady who wishes she was still only 45. 

You can raise $2 million, dude. We'll help you.

Well, that didn't work. What else can we try?

Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo
he loves me and I love y-

No, ah I didn't lie to you. Ah I was um... uh I felt better and then the guys called and said that they felt better and uh-

Dude, we've arrived. We're super, awesome, and cool.

Don't, don't act for me, Stan! Really?! Because every minute I'm watching this video become less about awareness and more about you!

Ah man! I can't keep my eyes open. 

Wait! Wait a minute.  What about a logic loop?

I'm sorry Token, I had to tell him. His life is in danger.

Hey, Tweek, you got anymore of this stuff?

The South loses this battle, Cartman. They lose the war!

Man, I can't believe how much people want us to get our winning ticket back.

We'd have to put something up on the Internet that everyone would find fascinating.

Okay, I fed the pigs. Now I definitely should water some fields... Oh wow, cool. That Jewish kid put up a sign on my farm. "Hey Kyle, really like your farm." Oh awesome!  What the hell is that? Stan? 

Yes we do! We have a sweet name.  I was wrong, Cartman. "Washington Redskins" is the perfect name. I think maybe I was jealous that I didn't come up with it.

And in the end, I know that somewhere out there... there's the good part of Chef... that's still alive in us all. 

This is serious. They've been going out for almost two weeks now.

Well then,  you've got to call the jail right now and tell them that you forgive Cartman for being a dumbass!

Well, we've got something to tell you about Veronica, Chef!

Okay. Just be careful you don't end up naked and jacking it in San Diego. 

Look, that was a long time ago. Maybe Trent Boyett has forgotten all about it.

See? You can still make it for the end of the party.

All right, all right, I was not responsible for 9/11!  God-damnit!

Dude, where in the world can Britney Spears go where nobody will bother her?

Jambu! Jambu, why didn't you speak up before?

I can't wait to get out of school and get our Teiko sports watch.

You're a fat skank, Mom, and your tits belong in a morgue. 

Yes, ah I'm trying to locate my parents. M-my name is Kyle Broflovski. Yes, I know Obama won.

You dirty son of a bitch, you never told us that we had to win-

See? Look at this. Ike has all his friends over and they're just sitting around on their own computers barely talking to each other. Ike is watching PewDiePie play Dragon Age.

I know it's hard to think about, but you have to be strong. Remember how that movie made you feel.

And we think that that is  a savage hypocrisy, because all crimes are hate crimes. If a man beats another man because that man was sleeping with his wife, is that not a hate crime?

Cartman was right! The holiday season is for idiots!

Guys, we need to talk to you. I really don't think we wanna be a company that ISIS looks up to. We should maybe issue a statement saying that we don't sanction them.

Why did you go and have to be abducted, Tweek? Now all our parents are freaking out!

The water tank?   Hey I'm not going with you!

Man, I would have loved to seen to seen the look on Trent Boyett's face when all the sixth graders showed up!

Look dude, it's just one movie. We wanna have a good time.

Wait. That's it. Atonement. Of course.  I know what I have to do now. Thank you, Father. 

Aawwww! Hey Dad. Is it true that you and Kenny's dad used to be best friends when you were young?

No more. No more. Oh, come on, Cartman, no. No more. 

"And as the voluminous corporate automaton bulldozes its way through bantam America...

Dude, just ask Chef for help. He always knows what to do.

Yeah... but doesn't it seem like we got out of the White House pretty easily? I mean, it seems like it would be pretty hard to escape from the White House with everyone chasing you, and we just kind of... ran out. 

We've got to get rid of them.  Nobody should have the kind of power Barbra Streisand wanted! 

Are we the only ones here who are completely confused?

Okay, it says here the operation begins with a one-inch incision in the ab-do-men on the left side just above the hip.

I'm sure we're gonna get word any minute that people have agreed to stop. 

What? Y-you want me to hang out with you?

I just had a couple more questions about-

I'm telling you, it's okay. Maybe you should ask the Lord for guidance.

Why do people have to keep reminding us of what we don't have?!

Ask her if we get the watch right away.

Tattle-tale?! Do you know how serious this is?!

Yeah. You used to sit in the living room with family and friends to hear their commentary on things. Now you can get it with a l-

Hey, look. The aliens are getting ice cream.

How come the visitors aren't coming for him?

But that's all that matter now! It's just all ... and the new celebrity?

Yeah, they abduct people and they mutilate cows.

No dude, we can't go around showing our weapons to people. Our parents'll find out we have them.

That doesn't make me feel better! I wouldn't even be able to keep it down.

Yeah, but dude, he seriously could have died in that fire.

You're in a forest! Go take a crap!

You mean he's actually stuck in virtual reality?!

How, how long do we have to take the shuttle?

'N Sync, Backstreet Boys, New Kids on the Block. All had five members.

I don't know.  Oh, great. He's got that stupid beard on again.

We put a stop to it, until YOU taught them Minecraft.

Mom, there might be something that you should look into about Ike staying after school all the time-

What the hell are you talking about, Cartman?!

But if I stop now, I'll just be going with the group again. So, to be an individual, I have to bomb Pearl Harbor. See ya. 

What are you talking about, dude?! I fell down that abyss and there it was!

Oh my God! What the hell are we gonna do for six hours?

Thanks for saving us Stan. You're my Super Best Friend.

We did it! You see, Cartman? You won us the Terrance and Phillip dolls!

I'm sorry. I'm. I'm really. Cartman, I f-I feel really bad for you. Honestly.

Okay, that's enough.  Everybody! Cartman is just pulling one of his stupid tricks on everyone, because he's trying to get out of a deal he made!

Hey, uh, does anyone know who that guy is?!

Dude, I just got an IM from Stan that they evacuated the school.

Then I was right. Job has all his children killed, and Michael Bay gets to keep making movies. There isn't a God.

Ike, I just want us to be friends again.

Well, guys, I guess we're going to Canada.

You know God-damn well what! Now get outta here!

Goddamnit, you see what happens when you spread this stupid crap, fatass?

He's gotta show up. He's just got to.

I think the other dog's the one that's confused.

You must have a mom.  You mean she doesn't live here, or she's dead, or what?

Wait till you guys see my costume! It's gonna be sweet!

What the hell is everyone wearing on their heads?

Here's the control panel that operates all the stars.

So I'm thinking we do the part about Jimmy's relationship with his alcoholic father after you smash Butters onto the table.

Well, thanks for everything, you guys. You really helped us see how important parents are.

Oh. Sweet, dude. I don't think we have to do this stupid debate now.  Stan?

Butters, we are sick! Don't you get it?! We're gonna end up just like Kenny!

What are you doing with cats in your attic, fatass?!

Aren't those the queermos on the Disney Channel?

Dude! Every time we play Americans vs. Bosnians, you cheat!

No, I'm serious! I wanna see what's happening downstairs, so let's just do it! 

Did you hear that, dude? We still get $3000. That's enough for you to do your DNA test.

There he is! Now, don't let him know we think he's a loser, or else he won't play. 

We found it, you guys!  Oh no, they followed us! 

Hold it.  Pops, I've got the music inside me. It's in my soul. And I know my place is up on that stage. I'm gonna make it to the top. And I just want your blessing, Pops.

I'm not going to help you freeze yourself, Cartman! It's a stupid idea!

Gosh, I hope he doesn't cut me with his celery hand. 

Well, this is what I believe in now, Stan. And if you can't respect that,... then I guess we're not best friends anymore. 

I'm going to try and break you away from the computer, Cartman. I need to remove the CPU.

You did, dude! You drank his whole body!

(No! That's not what I said! Vanilla paste!)

What? You mean like you don't like the singing, or the lyrics, or what?

All right, it's decided. Let's all write in "Giant Douche."

There's no choice anymore, guys. Don't worry about me. I've been preparing for this for a while now. 

"We cordially invite you to attend the platinum album award ceremony, which will be held tomorrow morning at ten. Details and proof of sales enclosed. P.S. Nananana na na. Hahahaha ha ha."  He did it. Cartman got a platinum album.

What if this is all just somebody's dream?

Here! Here! Look at this. It says "The succubus enchants its victim with an eerie melody. This is the Succubi power. Only playing this melody backwards can vanquish the succubus power."

Ah, damn it! My little brother's trying to follow me to school again.

Because we do. It was like this yesterday, and the day before that.

Yeah, our friend has been missing for a few days, so we went and checked on him, and he's in a coma wearing your headset.

Well? Now what are we going to do?

Dude, this is great! You know all the Stations of the Cross, right, Stan?

Yeah, dude. Your mom wanted you to have herpes on your face.

Aw, don't be such a baby!  You do it, Kenny.

Throw the ball, you stupid frog!  God-damn, maybe if you didn't eat all those croissants,  you'd be able to-- Ow! 

I know. But just like you, I feel like I have to try. People can really get hurt, and a joke just isn't worth that.

I need you to keep quiet about this, all right?  My little brother and his tea-

Mr. Jackson, please, you're causing a lot of problems.

Well! I hope it lived up to all the hype! You must feel so much better now!

Hey man, if you're Jewish you get presents for eight days.

Hey, that went really well. They really liked it.

Uh, I must have the wrong number. We were trying to reach City Airlines.

Dude! All those choirs are the same. They don't even really sing. They use prerecorded tapes.

But instead, we should all be treated the same, with the same laws and the same punishments for the same crimes . For in that way Cartman can be freed from prison, and we  will have a chance to win the sledding race on Thursday.

Yeah, and if you couldn't prove there was a leprechaun, you have to give me ten dollars! Now just pay up and stop being stupid!

The Earth show can still be good. Just erase everyone's memory so we don't know we're a show.

How is it that Ms. Ellen was suddenly arrested for being an Iraq-

Mr. Hankey? Mr. Hankey, is that you? Hello?

Please, Ma. I don't think Kenny has anywhere else to be tonight.

It seems like I might get splinters, though.

Ot- Nice to meet you, Cartman. Yuh you know, I saw that same jacket you're wearing at Bosco's for $29.95. How much was yours? Um, I juh- I was just wondering if Bosco's is a ripoff?

Okay, it's third down. And now, somebody make a play!

NO. I can't, Wendy.  All his negativity is starting to make me depressed. I have to let him go.  And whatever happens next, I'm going to embrace with a totally  positive attitude.

A-all right, let's split up and look for a passageway. E-everyone take a different direction.  Oh man, we're in big trouble here.

You need to stop recommending that app to people!

Dude, you don't want your first kiss to be something you paid for. It's supposed to be special.

He's right, dude. We have to define our style if we're ever going to make a platinum album. I mean, ah I'm a fusion guy, but Kenny's background is more Latin Jazz.

Can we please just try and talk to him?

Since when you care about being sensitive to people's religion, Cartman?!

Yeah, hey, do you think we'll get in trouble for watching it?

We went to a bunch of rock stars and sold them candy bars to raise the money you needed.

Oh no! No, Ike! You are not watching him comment on things!

This must be it. "Cleo Broflovski" That's my grandma. 

I think we should bail. If we leave the group, maybe other people will get the courage to leave, too.

Yummy yummy I want your farts in my tummy.

It isn't fair. Cartman's fatter than the goal.

You were right. You were right all along. I thought you were just an asshole when you ripped on Jews, but... I didn't know, I... I didn't know.

How can you be willing to kill people for a holiday special? What's wrong with you?

Because that's what real artists do. People are always gonna find a way to copy our music and swap it for free. If we're real musicians, then we should just play and be stoked that so many people are listening.

Can I just get some Goddamned tater tots?

He said Madonna is an old anorexic whore who wore out her welcome years ago, and that now she suddenly speaks with a British accent and she thinks she can play guitar and she should go fuck herself. 

It's worth a shot. Come on, you guys, we can do this.

I'm not going in any meat locker so you can trap me!

Cartman! I will not stand by and let you cheat your way to winning the Special Olympics!

Hey! Maybe we should ask the girls what they learned in sex ed.

Wow, then you should get money for it!

Alright, alright, let's get this over with so we can put her back!

Stan? Oh. Well, no, there's nothing here from Stan, but, well, Stan's gonna come and see you real soon, I bet, Kenny.

Well, there you go, fatass! I hope you learned your lesson.

Hey, you scrawny-eyed shithead, what the fuck is wrong with you?! You must be some kind of fucking asshole to be able to ignore a crying child!

Dammit!  Ike, if you wanna keep your penis, you have to get on this train.  Ready, Ike? Kick the baby!

You weren't playing fair, dude. Getting your dad to work part time at the mall wasn't fair.

Don't let him touch you! You die if he touches you!

We can't miss the final apocalyptic battle between Good and Evil!

But how can the Jews make it better??

Well like we said, we didn't know whether or not we should care?

Dude, when he gets out of Juvenile Hall, he's gonna wanna kill us!

Seriously, Cartman. You could make money with these!

She had a contract with us first! We own her!

No.  But I get Channukah presents for eight days.

Coach! Coach, I'm all better. I'm ready to play.

No, Ike! Ma, Ike keeps taking off his Squirt uniform!

Yeah, but you're our new friend and that makes you cul.. p-piable!

Okay, fine, Butters. But if you're gonna hang out with us, you have to play like Lord of the Rings. 

I can't watch the meteor shower with you, Kenny. I have to go to Jewbilee.

Yeah, it was the craziest thing. I hid myself on a plane to Antarctica. Oh, it was so dry down there.

Well, that's not really what you say in the commercial.

We'll just tell your parents we're going on a camping trip with my parents. They'll never know.

She's not eating it, it's just coming out her backside!

I'm not cheesing. I've never cheesed once in my life.

We just wanna warn you: Eric Cartman, the fourth grader, is goin' tuh try and trick you somehow into getting your wiener bitten off by a pony who lives at Denkins' ranch.

All right. Butters, go get next to her.

I just want a nurection so I can give it to my mom.

Oh no.  You're not stinking up the entire boat! You're taking a crap off the side into the water!

Didn't you hear? They outlawed fireworks 'cause a little boy blew off his hands.

Sometimes I think I can see time slowing down,  and my own existence fading.

And then we ran out of the Kum & Go and these guys, th-they took our friend.

Dude, come on Cartman. As employees, don't you think we should get to see what the final secret flavor enhancer is?

Why don't you take it to one of those pawn places? Every two blocks you see a guy with a sign that says "Cash For Gold and Jewelry." There must be a lot of people doin' it.

I don't know, dude. It's like everyone's putting pieces together that aren't there.

Yeah. We're guys, dude. We find something about all our friends to rip on. We made fun of you for being rich just like we make fun of Butters for being wimpy.

Well, Cartman, this is just my opinion, but I think the Line Ride sucked donkey balls!

Yeah.  HEY, WHEN ARE WE GONNA GET TO SOME ACTION, HUH?

No! I finally do understand! There is no justice! There is no God! Do you hear me?! I renounce my faith!!

Wow. There must be at least 20 people out there. 

Write the number down! Write the number down!!

No! Dude! I want the Terrance and Phillip dolls up there.

Dude, I don't think we should be messing around with that crap anymore.

I-Ike, this is a big deal. You have to be absolutely, 100%-

I know! It's so much worse than Catcher in the retarded Rye!

Wull yeah, but ah-I got my brother back.

Dude, they've been doing that for a long time.

All right. Come on you guys, we have to get back home. 

And that's why I feel like you guys are more than just friends. You're my family.  Except for Cartman.

Look, let's just get our money from EA Sports and get out of this whole thing once and for all!

We're sorry, Butters.  Our mind is made up.

Hey, wait a minute.  Is it possible that...

The past...four nights we've tried to play, he shows up and kills us!

Hey, wait a minute. How come Ike's tombstone has the Canadian flag on it?

Hey, Pip. Do you wanna be on my team again?

They've just gone crazy for a while. Please, mister, I have to hide my brother until they come to their senses.

Dammit Cartman! I gave it to you so you would shut... up.

We can't wait here any longer! Dude, we've gotta get him out of here or he's gonna die.

No! All we have to do is not shop at Wall-Mart anymore! If you want it to go away, all it takes is a little self-control and personal responsibility.

You just wanna lock me in there because you think I'm one of them.

Aw, hey dude. What are you doing here?

I should have known better! You never cared about my birthday at all!

He was a McCain supporter.  It's okay, Ike. Obama will do fine.

Oh geez. Maybe we let this thing get out of hand. This issue is so complicated, but... m-maybe we sh-should just let Kenny go in peace.

A-ah! A-a-ah! Wha? Where...? Oh. Oh dude. Oh, it was just a dream. It was all just a crazy dream. Huh, oh my God. 

We don't wanna be in a group with Tweek.

Ike, you can't possibly want this. We have to tell Mom.

Go on and go home, you fat chicken!

HAHAHAA! Now I shall rule the --  Aww. Uuugh. God it burns! AAAH! My soul is on fire! Whoa! Oh, I don't like this!  I didn't know it would feel so... dark and evil!

No dude, screw that! Jimmy, if Cartman didn't write the joke, then definitely don't sign any patent papers with him! Just say "Cartman, you didn't have anything to do with this joke and you know it!"

Couple of days?  But Terrance is going to have his human clone by tomorrow.

That is not what happened! You totally started crying and quit the game!

Tango, this is Foxtrot. Are you in position?

But our big game with Lakewood is Saturday!

You guys, we can't give up on our dreams now! As soon as this strike ends, we're gonna be the biggest band ever!

You guys, who cares if the girls make some stupid list? Girls make dumb lists all the time.

Get back on, fatass! You have to practice!

Dude, I don't think this is very sturdy. 

Tell everyone you made the cow look like that!

Well, maybe Mr. Garrison is wrong. You should ask somebody else.

Fuck you! Why would they send you in to convince me of anything?!

Um, we... sssort of spend all the money on this... one...

We could go to the city pool. They have a water slide

Ike found out last night. My mom's having sex with the UPS man.

I'm sorry, Stan. I'm sorry. This whole war has just got us all so screwed up. I just want us to be playing Call of Duty on the right machine.

I was... I was just going to get a drink of water.

Okay. Okay, the shot is finally set up. Now shoot the O mouth for two frames. 

Ike is starting his first day of kindergarten.

Uh. My adopted brother got taken back here to Canada? So, we want to talk to the new Canadian Prime Minister about getting him back?

Congratulations, sister. You have heard the noble truth and are now a Blaintologist.

Cartman, do you even know what's going on? We went to Imaginationland, terrorists attacked it, and now the government is about to-

A big success?! You can't even get Tyler Perry to go back home!

Oh, dude, I don't know how I can take it.

Token actually pays attention in school! Unlike you, fatass!

Nobody else is going to help him, you guys. We've got a chance to do something pretty special here. Are you with us?

But they said we can't charge the front door.

I think he said he wants to practice on a real bull.

Well, he has this new teacher's assistant, and uh and they're both... totally gay.

I guess I didn't realize it was just about the points. 

Ehheh, Cartman, what the hell are you doing?

We have to confess that we were the ones that-

Hey you guys! Check out my sweet Chinpokomon doll!

No! Maybe we all just need a little image change, you know? Like a makeover.

Do you really think that this is good for Butters? To have his face put up all over signs as the poster child for bullying?

Those things are stupid, Cartman. They just stick your hand in cold spaghetti and tell you it's intestines and stuff.

Yeah, dude. I told you, we had bread sandwiches for breakfast.

No, dude, if something happens to him, my parents are gonna blame me.

Cartman, you're supposed to be studying! What the hell is all this?!

You're okay with everything you think going up on the Internet?

Hi. I've uh...  I've been saving up for a new Xbox game but... but I think you could use the money a lot more than I could. Listen I, I want you to take this.  It's twenty dollars. 

Cartman, what the hell are you doing?! You're suppsoed to be studying! 

No, Mom-uh, he, he doesn't want you kissing him. 

Yeah, fatass, we're gonna dig up-  Dig up Kyle's dead grandma??

So we've gotta find another way out of here.

Naw, I think I'm through with fads for a while.

Nothing. But the guys said if I don't confess my sins and eat crackers, I'm gonna go to hell.

And if I had just one wish, just one wish in the whole world,
If I had one wish it'd be for Cuba to change.
Because I think that all the Cubans are in pain
All the joy in the world, from sea to shining sea
Doesn't mean a thing if Cubans aren't free
I just can't be very happy, that's certain
Not as long as your Cubans are hurtin' 
Oh, won't you search your soul and find a way to change your mind?
That is my one and only wish.

Uh-uh-uh what do you mean "they've taken it"? Oh, this isn't happening! This isn't happening!!

Jews do NOT carry gold in a little bag around their necks.Cartman! Stop playing around!

But that sucks. I don't want something to have that much power over me.

Thank you for seeing us, Mr. Johnson. We were hoping that maybe you have some kind of key that can help us with our disease.

Wow Cartman, the visitors dropped you off just in time to go to school.

Wendy, nothing's gonna happen to the egg. You can have it when the week is over and I have my grade.  Freakin' weirdos, man.

You mean, throw the game? You know how our parents are about this sport.

You guys go tell Butters to start making the cutoouts. I'm gonna go tell Mr. Hankey the good news!

You got Randy Newman to do the theme song. You're not trying that hard. Token, you're a good kid. How can you sit there and collect money on a show that's about a, about a fat child killing himself?? Where's your sense of shame??

Cartman doesn't always win! He just gets pissed off and goes home so we can't debate anymore!

It's too bad Cartman can't be here to enjoy this.

Kill it, Stanley. Kill it.  Come on Stan, kill it.

I can't take it anymore! I gotta go volunteer, dude! 

Oh, you're doing it, or else we're gonna bust your whole scheme wide open, and tell your mom you haven't actually been at your drug rehab this whole time!

Not Cartman, he gets to be on TV anyway.

Dude, don't kill your mom. That's not cool.

He does kind of look like him dude. And Kenny thinks Cartman's Gordon Ramsay impersonation is really good.

Stan, there was never anything between Wendy and I.  I wouldn't go out with my best friend's ex-girlfriend.

Yeah. I bet they could make a fake set of balls. Come on, Butters!

I'm sorry, Kip, but I really can't be your friend anymore. It was a great ride, but I must say goodbye. This is the hardest thing I've ever had to do, but ending a friendship... is never easy. 

So wait, wait: Stan took a dump in the urinal and he contacted the conspiracy Web site? But the conspiracy site was run by the government?

Wow uh, you think it takes forty dollars to get people to like me.

So, do you agree to fight him after school?

No ending? Well, we can't animate until we have our voices recorded, so we'd better just record what we have and figure out the ending later. 

Calm down, Tweek. There has to be a rational explanation.

Dad! Somebody's at the front door!  Well am I grounded or not?!  Ugh. Fine! I'll get it! 

Mom, there's sssomething I need to tttell you.

See? We're just watching cartoons, like always. Nothing's changed.

Yeah, I think that parents only get so offended by television because the rely on it as a babysitter, and the sole educator of their kids.

Oho, we will. Trust us. We won't miss this. 

I'm making a dummy Ike doll. My parents think he's out with me right now, and I have to bring him back for dinner.

All right, Kenny, let's go!  Kenny?  Kenny!  Don't worry, Kenny. You didn't die for nothing.  We're gonna get Wing back as our client and... and make a ton of money! I swear it to you!

Yes, people can get hurt. That's how terrorism works. But if you give into that, Doug, you're allowing terrorism to work. Do the right thing here.

Well, look at it this way: statistically speaking, we're safer inside a car with an old person driving than outside.

I'm sure. Abe Lincoln was right: I don't wanna find out I'm good-looking and become a total shithead when I grow up.

My God-damned little brother's trying to follow me to school, again!

How come we never get opportunities like that?

Dude! I had the same dream! We jumped on a dragon's back and, and Butters got left behind!

Alright, Cartman! What's so important you had to pull us away from lighting cow crap on fire?!

Don't call Mr. Blaine a gaywad! He's a brilliant man.

Because, dude, we're playing detectives! Detectives don't just go tell on people.

Don't you think it's a little strange that Cartman keeps asking you to stay over?

No, but look: I just got this sweet Cyborg Bill doll.

Yeah, there's this guy named Jack Leborkian that goes around and murders people that ask him to, and he doesn't get in any trouble at all.

Whoa, I don't think anyone's been in here for centuries

Remember the time when we got an elephant to make love to a pig?

Sure. Remember that time that that kid in the red shirt decided to go off on his own?

This is it. This one's for the game.

Why? Why do I have to accept it when I can change it?

What uh, what are you supposed to be?

'K, so then get on Facebook and fertilize my crops?

Eric, sources are speculating that third-grade student, Pete Thelman , pees sitting down like a girl. We've also got confirmation that Sally Turner  stuffs her bra. And Clyde Donovan has only one testicle.

Hey! Hey!  Who the hell told you to put this thing back up?!

Come on, limey, don't be a wuss! Are you just gonna be a little French pig your whole life?

Nonono, we're not going into one of those cheesy places, Cartman!

If we win, we can buy a new go-cart that actually runs.

We can get people to believe us now!

Yes. It's because the Pharaoh won't give the Hebrews what we want! God is angry.

This is not Mr. Hankey!  This is a fake! 

Yeah. Clearly Annie Nelson is the hottest girl at our school. Look at those eyes!

Anyway, that will give me plenty of time playing video games.

Listen to me: the little boy who convinced you to pull the episode is a bastard child. He only wants you to pull it because he knows it will be the end of Family Guy forever!

You can't talk to Stan, Wendy. He throws up when you do.

No you didn't, asshole! What you did was totally stupid and racist! And you only did it to screw me over!

That's, that that's k-kind of what I was thinking.

Look, we don't have a lot of time here, okay? Can you just tell us where the new Prime Minister is?

But this video game can make a million dollars. We have to give the crack babies a piece of that.

What the hell is that lady talking about?

That's okay, we'd rather just go by ourselves.

We'll help you look for him after the game Stan.

What if the residue gets on our hands and it leads to harder drugs like those commercials say.

Excuse me.  Do you know which way the network president's office is?

No, I think it's something you have to try a few times. Until you get it... right. 

Ungh, I can't find the word "queef" anywhere! 

Well how come Kenny's family eats frozen waffles for dinner and has rats on the floor, and we have a big house and lots of food?

Is this all you brought us here to see?

Not if you... have some delicious farts for me.

Dude! I'm glad to see you. You would not believe the night I had.

That's because there is no goo, Mr. Cruise. You see, I learned something today. Throughout this whole ordeal, we've all wanted to show things that we weren't allowed to show. But it wasn't because of some magic goo. It was because of the magical power of threatening people with violence. That's obviously the only true power. If there's anything we've all learned, it's that terrorizing people works.

Dad? Don't you think our last new house is big enough?

'Kay, so now just click on the little soil button...  and then maybe put a sign up to comment on my farm...  Okay, now I can read the sign you put up...

'K.  She says she's been wantin' to break up for a while, and it's nothing against you.

Oh, yeah. Yeh-yeah. It's a-it's not even noticeable. 

Wait. I don't know if this is cool.

I don't want to! I don't want anybody telling me how to feel anymore!

Wait a minute, Dad was the UPS man?

Dude, I didn't know Token lived so far away.

The new girl liked me, and so you lied to her!

Well dude, how the hell are we supposed to play it, then?

Well no, not really. It's the Kindergarten teacher, Miss Stevenson.

Jimmy, we're gonna have everyone write in a mascot that's really funny, and you have to tell us which one would be funnier.

The only reason we scored high was because we took the answers out of Garrison's desk! And you know it!

We all have Attention Deficit Disorder. So we all started taking Ritalin.

Why would they play such a cruel joke on us?

Oh shut up Cartman! You don't even know what you're talking about!

Listen, doucher! Our parents are gonna kill us, and you, if they found out that we bought these!

Cool! We'll see what we can find, ma'am.

Shut up, fatass! Everyone knows I can spell better than you.

If you want your share of the money, then you're gonna shovel snow like the rest of us!

Ssso it was all for nothing. The whole time I was... eating farts for nothing.

Mom! Dad! I have awesome news! The doctor who gave Mr. Garrison his sex change said he can make me tall and black. 

Stop it! Stop!  Oh God! Oh God, help us!

Come on, dude! I can do it! I'm sure!

Yeah! So you gotta bust out of here.  So we made you this cake.  There's a ailnay ilefay inside of it.

You put a guy's wiener in your mouth, that makes you gay, stupid!

I can't believe how cold it is out here.

When Kickstarter went down, many saw their startup projects die, but here at Washington Redskins, we saw opportunity. People still need a way to raise money for their stupid startup projects, and with the Redskins you can now go fund yourself.  And the idea is simple. You, the people, go out and raise all your own money, and give the Washington Redskins 5%.

Hi, we'd like to speak to a  Professor Teabag? 

That was the dumbest ride I've ever seen!

So if you're identical, does that mean you all think alike?

God-dammit! If we miss the commercials, I'll never forgive my brother!

Kick ass, dude! Cartman's mom throws the best birthday parties ever.

They're gonna take The Lord of the Rings from us.

You were sticking these in your ass, Cartman?!

Uhn, you don't understand! My friend is in Imaginationland! I can hear him in my head!

All right, let's see.  Dammit Kenny, that's not what she said!

Get out of here, Cartman, we're eating dinner!

What do you mean, "there's no tooth fairy?"

Because some people think vaccinations can give you autism or Asperger's!

I wonder why our moms want us to sleep over at Kenny's so bad.

I don't want to kill myself. They rigged this thing to fill with water! 

You're gonna need to kick more ass than that to beat the Cowboys.

We have to find Red and Green Mega Man for Cartman's birthday party.

It's too late. The treatment would have killed it all.

Which one of us took it?! It was so long ago, I c- I can't remember.

Yes. My name is Kyle Broflovski. Can you tell me if I purchased an Oculus Rift headset there?

Yeah. We have a report to do, asshole! Get up! Get up!! 

No, it's great! It's just what this country needs right now!

That's more than ten bucks, you stupid fatass!

I've tried talking to him, but he doesn't want the lawsuits to stop. He's making too much money.

How the hell do you have more friends than me?

Take a look, fatass! I beat you! You aren't going on Dateline; what have you got to say now?! 

Uuuh, Chef, you haven't seen Butters around, have you?

Some high schoolers left their marijuana cigarette behind. Uh we have to throw it away before some kids find it or something.

Why the hell don't people tell me these things?!

He won't listen to us, but he would listen to- Gordon Ramsay.

Hey. You're right, Wendy. Come on, Stan, we have to go get Cartman. 

Alright, alright, let's calm down! I know we're all concerned here!

You saw it in The Thing and you're wasting everyone's time!

Hey, that's it. Oh, my God, that's totally it!  It's so simple!

Ike, that is enough! If you're interested in Call of Duty, go play it downstairs in the living room!

This fat fuck thinks he's PewDiePie! Because of him I can't get Ike to come out of his room!

Look, Stan, we're really getting concerned about this cult that you're getting into.

Like you! Maybe you just need to let your hair down. And let's see how you look without those glasses.  Let's just... put those back on. 

That wasn't the Mayan apocalypse, you racist idiot!

A band! Holy shit, Stan! Didn't you say your dad knows somebody who knows Lorde?

Rebecca, don't you ever... look at the town? At that...  flicker of light over there?

Sweet. I made mine go off the jump. 

You know, I didn't even get home until 2:30.

But dude, there must be something in your past you're not dealing with.

Do you really think that beating up a handicapped kid is being nice? 

Butters, do you really think it's fair to lie like this?! Let me tell you, if you don't have the-

Goddamnit, you know I don't carry gold in a little bag around my neck, Cartman! Whattaya want from me?!

Because I saw you. Okay? In your room, passed out, with a VR headset on. Customer Service said that one of us needed to put on the headset and come get you, and that's why I'm here.

The kindergarten teacher is having sex with my little brother.

Then we'll wait, because we have to clone Muhammad now!

I can't. My dad grounded me. Wait a minute, where is my dad?

It's too much power. For anybody. Stan's right. It has to be destroyed.

But why are you making such strange laws??

Yeah. And now you can take that stupid beard off! 

Goddamnit, Cartman! What are they gonna say on Cop Drama?

Dude, this whole building is going to collapse!

Ex, excuse me?  My name is... Brad. And uh I need to report a crime. Anonymously.

Hi. My name's Kyle. Uh, I understand that your country flies people into space for money.

Yeah, it's tough. But it's times like these that... you see what your band is made of. We've gotta fight through the rough times like Journey!

Can I have three thousand dollars, Mom and Dad, huh?? Can I??

Well, I had to see it to believe it!

So get off your fucking scooters and pick them up!

No dude. Because since you got your feelings so hurt for being ripped on, now we think you're a pussy.

I think the rabbit just crapped on my jacket.

E-excuse me, w-we aren't going back now? Aren't we done?

Because then you can pay us to use our friend in commercials.

Nono Dad, please. I just got Call Of Duty: Advanced Warfare. Me and Ike are going to play it together.

How do we find somebody who can wrestle that well?

We've had just about enough, dude! You've been blowing us off for two weeks now! What's up?!

Are you serious?? Look around: doesn't this bother you at all??  That's YOU one day, fatass! Not even one day! If you don't change something, that's you! In about a year! 

You probably should come clean and tell the truth. Did you superglue your bracelet?

I mean, I do, but, well, ever since I became friends with that Kip Drordy kid, a bunch of my other friends have started ignoring me. It would be fine except for my farm is starting to shrink. I know that I should just dump Kip as a friend, but that's such a terrible thing to do and, I'm sorry I'm just so confused I... I really need a friend right now.

Oh, like you know what pain is! Go try living in a Third-World country, you little pussy!

Well all right, we'll see you on Saturday, guys.

I don't care! You'd better remember where your base is!

No way, dude, then I'd have to suck Cartman's balls

We're already doing a paper on Tweek's underpants gnomes.

Come on guys! We gotta go tell Chef he's in love with a succubus.

Damnit!  Tell me what to do, Willzy-x! How do we get you home??

Wait, wai- I can't let this happen.  Butters.

Yeah, that leprechauns were real! And the government just declared they AREN'T technically real, so I was right! It's over! I don't have to suck your balls!

Mr-&#160;! Goddammit. Here, come on. We need to clean that up. 

Here, give me some money, Cartman!  Lend me money, fat boy!

You get away from me, you crazy woman! 

It was Cartman having Butters apologize for him.

Then don't belittle my people you fuckin' fatass!

Come on, everybody. I think Kenny wants to be left alone. 

I looked on the known species webpage. There's no animal called a 'Jewpacabra' mentioned anywhere.

Um...  Greetings from Canada.  Well boys, it's aboot time we get to our hoose in Canada, isn't it?

So then why do you just ignore it using something as stupid as Chipotaway?

...But you can't melt ice with a cool song, 'tardheart.

Google him. He's this guy from Sweden who has over 30 million YouTube subscribers. We didn't even know, but he's a bigger celebrity to kids than anyone. It just seems so lame.

Ungh, it said in my book that the word, "shit", started exactly the same time as something called, "The Black Death".

So I guess this means we get to keep our weapons.

Wait a minute, that thing landed on Kenny, and they took him to the mortuary.

Well, that's a public school. And in it there are children,  just like us.

Kenny's not really my friend, Ma. I don't give a rat's ass about him.

We need help! Our friend is in a coma!

Cartman, let me out of this stupid net!!

They sneak out during class and make out in the hallways!

There's no Jews in San Francisco, you retard!

The base where you're from and where our Okama GameSphere is! 

No, dude! We have to name it Steve.

Clyde got $3000 from his mom's life insurance

Damn. That guy is the coolest guy in the universe!

You're saging these games do this on purpose?!

I actually hugged you. I held you in my arms and, and, cried with you.

I am no longer an XBox guy! I let my friend get grounded, but today I will give him a PlayStation!

You mean that you aliens actually enjoy sitting around and watching us fight and kill each other? Dude, that's messed up.

Going to Afghanistan? Locked in a small space for 20 hours? How could things get any worse? 

Hey, is your show as good as America Idol?

Stan, people in Beaverton are still trapped on their roofs. Nobody's helping them because they think they can't go outside.

Rebecca, in public school,  we select our... own mate.  In public school, men and women get together. Make each other happy.

The knights of Standards and Practices were created to make sure that bad words were kept to a minimum. "Curse words" They're called that because they are a curse. We have to go back to only using curse words in rare, extreme circumstances.

Hey! Don't try to pass it back on me, fatass!

The atmosphere is oxygen-based, should support our breathing.

Hey. Hey, look over there, Stan. That Raisins girl is really cute, huh?  Why don't you say hi to her?  Excuse me? 

Twenty-two point three years. That's how long it takes for something tragic to become funny.

Dude, nobody gives a crap about who your stupid father is! Muhammad is an important issue with actual ethical ramifications!

Oh, my God! What the hell is that thing?! 

Officer Barbrady, I would like to reinstate my previous Shenanigans! This whole carnival is a rip-off!

Agh! Look, dude, we're on level 24, about to cross into the Caverns of Madness!

Butters, you have to tell us what Cartman is up to!

I got some sound advice... from an old friend. 

I think I'll add some more... pigs.  Oh, maybe I should put in another field of corn there.  There we go. Nice.  Twenty nine? No, I have thirty friends.  Hey what the hell is-? Oh no! Oh shit! 

Yeah? Well... maybe you can forget what happened, but I... can't.

I used a bunch of bones from the butcher shop.

Cartman, that's the dumbest thing you've ever said - this week!

Alright, that does it, Cartman! That's my grandma! You show her some God-damned respect!

Dad, can we go home? All you ever do since you got this car is drive around and show it off! 

Yeah, what kind of name is Pip anyway?!

We can't. Kenny just checked. There's a wall of people like seven miles thick behind us.

Tweek. Now there's an interesting choice. Tweek has a lot of qualities that I look for in a friend.

Oh please! All you ever do is call me names and rip on me for being Jewish!

Don't be stupid, Cartman! Butters doesn't have that much blood in him!

Alright, we don't know for sure why Cartman is ditching school, but it has something to do with abortion. That's all we know.

Dude, there's a guy with a gun here!

Uuuh, Cartman. We know how you can get $3000.

I've been thinking, how did shamelessness get to this?  Did it start with fat people on scooters? Or did the bar get lowered way before that? And then I started thinking, maybe it was us.  I don't know, but maybe somehow, we lowered the bar, a long time ago.  And now we're all sittin' here in the stink of it all.  There's no going back, Stan. 

Stan, you can't keep doing this to yourself. You have to go live.

Yeah. See, we got you to fight just 'cause we wanted to see who was the toughest. We made up all that stuff we said to get you guys mad at each other. 

Oh God! It wasn't thirty, it was one! He jumped over one homeless person with his stupid skateboard, and he barely made it over that guy!

That's nice, kid. I knew Mr. Hankey before he was even famous.

How are you going to try to get invited to Casa Bonita this time?

Admit you're lying, and I'll let you go.

Dad, will you just listen to me for a second?

We don't know who else to talk to.

Hey guys. Guys! Hold up.  Hey uhm, you're kind of friends with that Nichole girl, right?

Elder, It's not my fault. He told me he was Jewish.

Yeah? Well Butters is ten! He doesn't exactly know what's best for him and neither do you!

Hey yeah! That'd be sweet! We could totally ruin their lives! 

So can I go to the Magic Camp, to learn how to become a full member? All the other guys are doin' it, and it's only $69.95.

Mom, Dad, what exactly are this party for?

Wait, what are you taking Stan's blood for?

It didn't work! My stupid Jew dad won't lend me money for CDs!

I bet you don't win.
They don't let big fat asses
perform on TV.

He must have a huge bone in his ass, then. 

Dude, some people really do consider this obscene.

Hey, we should start our own Cirque du Cheville.

Dude, it's got a hundred twenty eight gigahertz D-RAM.

Dude, everyone's leaving! We can walk right up to the tank and really study him.

We-ull, some fish would be great if it isn't too much trouble.

Cartman, we can't do this alone. You have to get up.

...and now I have to go home without him and my parents are going to have me killed.

You didn't see a leprechaun, fatass! If you could prove it, I had to suck your balls, but if you couldn't, you had to pay me ten dollars! Pay up!

Yeah, try to have everyone make peace so it doesn't seem like a big deal.

How can we be passé? We're only in 4th grade.

Dr. Biber said he can give me a negroplasty so I can finally look the way I've always wanted. He even took my picture and then did computer imaging to show what I would look like after the surgery. 

Oh cool. We get to watch a movie?

Right. But in the 1340s people in England stopped calling it "skite" and started calling it "shit." The same year as the Black Plague.

No, dude, you don't wanna bring your people to Mexico, there's missionaries there, too.

All right, what do you guys wanna ride first?

Yyeah well, I-I'm sorry I didn't trust you either.

Okay, so now you'll help us take care of Trent Boyett?

You made hamburgers? Well that's awesome! I'd love one.  Mmm. Hm, wow  This is really good, Cartman.

Nancy Kerrigan got the silver, dude. She came in second.

Gee, you seem a little stressed, Mr. Garrison. Why don't you try some Ritalin? 

Yeah, you can have a drink of water. The dispenser's over there. 

You're having nightmares about the ending to World War Z again?

What happened? Aren't you still wallowing in pain?

I don't get it, Kenny: why do you buy razors and shaving cream?

Then stop saying you're not just sure, you're HIV-positive!  This isn't funny, AIDS isn't funny, dying isn't funny, so shut the fuck up!

Well, Cartman, thanks to you we don't have any money left to win the Terrance and Phillip dolls!

It says right there "a parent has to be with you to sign up," and you'll never get your mom to agree to something so horrible, so ha! 

Then why did you send us the goat?

Oh! Hey Cartman. We're playing dreidel; you wanna try?

Aw, dude! You can still kinda see the spleen!  How much, Kenny?

Hi, uh- our friend has been brainwashed by some fruity little club.

He probably thinks if he apologizes to everyone, we'll think he's changed and let him back into our circle.

Stan, you can't let that Tad guy get to you. Screw him, dude.

My Dad says he can't live here anymore.

That's 15 people we got to agree to come see David Blaine perform in Denver.

Don't worry, Ike! The strike will be over soon! 

I don't know. I feel like I should confront my mom first. But it's so embarrassing.

No, no, you... you wrote down Turd Sandwich.

This is amazing! But wait right here. I've gotta go tell my friends about this! 

Okay, fine. You know what? Let's just get it over with!

Come on! Everything's gonna be okay!  Sir! Sir!

"The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few?" That was Wrath of Khan.

On Skippy, on Rainbow, on Patches, on Montel. 

Just admit it, Congo! Admit that you lied about me to Irene!

Shhh. Willzy-x, don't say anything. We're gonna bust you out of here.

-slashed the bus tires in Arkansas! I said so! I told you the minute that I-  -and I told you that-

Dude. What the hell is wrong with you?

We have to go see Mr. Hankey at the mall, Cartman.

That's what the sixth graders do behind the school at recess. They take way too much cough medicine because they say it makes them see things in their heads.

How many ways are there to take it?! It's just a stupid word!

Butters, can't you see this is wrong? You've got little boys all over school spending all their lunch money on kisses. Boys shouldn't be paying for kisses. It's wrong.

Nobody's blood is going to jump up in the air!

What are we supposed to do with him?

Do with us what you will, Mr. Lucas!  But please, don't change Raiders of the Lost Ark.

Mr. Jefferson said we can invite all the kids in town to go play over at their house.

What does that have to do with Passover?

Oh well, at least as president you can run the school the way you want.

Why would the government want people to believe they caused 9/11?

It's not too late to do what's right. Give us the print. There's still some good in you, Mr. Lucas. We know there is. 

That's not how a croc sounds, you fatass penis!

Oh, I'm swell, Stan. I popped my hemorrhoid trying to climb the fence into Cartmanland, and it got infected. I really need to go to the bathroom, but if I do, it will pop again and the pain will make me pass out. How are you?

Whoa Cartman. Looks like you didn't get much sleep last night.

He probably just ditched to avoid that spelling test.

Oh. Uh, can't right now, but maybe another time. See ya! 

I know, but—why do they have to take it out on us? Why do we have to wait around for them to come back?

Nope! We're gonna have all the pizza you can eat, twenty different cakes, and Lorde is going to play live!

I got voted the ugliest boy in the whole class?

Stan, this has gone too far. People are going to get hurt. What you started is way out of control.

Ooogh. Dude, the thing is, we're not the ones that made them crack babies. That's their moms' goddamned fault!

Aw, dude, come on. I gotta do my science homework.

D-hude, this is gonna be so killer. They're all gonna get herpes!

That kid and I had a long talk! I told him he was on a slippery slope to becoming a monster like you!

Alright, alright! Knock it off! Stop spreading lies.

Hoh!  Anyways, you put a spin on it by holding it here and-

Because, retard, you're dumb enough to buy Scott Tenorman's pubes for ten dollars!

Wait. I thought you called your planet Marklar.

Aww. Well Cartman, you can change things about yourself.

No it isn't, it hurts! I can't believe they let us play this in school.

What the hell is going on?  Hello?  Excuse me, I need to get to Los Angeles.  Hello?! 

I told you Cartman, I'm not one of them! I don't wanna live in West Jersey any more than you do!

Well... what kind of stuff does she like? Do you know?

Yeah. But you know, I've learned something today. You see, the basis of all reasoning is the mind's awareness of itself. What we think, the external objects we perceive, are all like actors that come on and off stage. But our consciousness, the stage itself, is always present to us.

But we found a frozen ice man from the past! 

Yeah. We've come to complain. We don't want a Wall-Mart in our town.

This isn't paradise and you know it! The people here are starving and dying! The whole world has used Somalia as a dumping ground for toxic waste. Even the fish here are radioactive!  Cartman, just give me my brother  and let us get out of here!

We have to find a way to get the word out! People need to know pushers are being hired to take advantage of people with addiction problems! There has to be a way that we can get to the news company, and sneak in and somehow borrow their TV signal. If we could disguise ourselves as something ridiculous, then-

I'm going to see the Queer Eye For the Straight Guy people.

Looks like we're gonna have to go to Arkansas. Come on, guys. We're gonna put a stop to Wall-Mart once and for all!

They said that Chef works in one of these buildings 

We're totally screwed!  They took the two best judges away!

