Well, we've been trying to frame this guy who just moved into our town, and the fil-o-fax says he moved from your area. One Martin Jefferson?

Why is it that us policemen around the country have such a passion for framing wealthy African-Americans with crimes they didn't commit?

So, what's the problem?

There he is! Hey, Eric! Eric!  We've got a little problem.

Oh Keshawn! 

Babe, I love you too.

And you're a good wife, Maggie. You know me better than I know myself. 

That's damn fine police work, sergeant. Damn fine.

All right, let's go, Murphy. Hang on a second, where are, where are my car keys?

We need an undercover cop disguised as a prostitute, so we can arrest any citizens looking for cheap thrills!

Damnit, where were all these sexed-up teachers when I was a kid?!

Stand back, give him room!  Come on, kid, concentrate! What do you see in your mind?

Right here's good, sexy.  Now if you wouldn't mind handing over the twenty dollars for oral sex.

Doctor, could you remove his face warmer? We'd like to speak with him.

I see you like cutting the eyes out of photos of women. My son is a big fan of that, too.

A wife and kids. And you're out here trollin' the streets for prostitutes. You make me sick! Take him downtown, boys. I'm goin' back on the street.

Yeah, come on! Harder! Deeper!

Johnson, what about you?

I'm givin' up, Maggie. I'm quitting the force. 

Well, if you're gonna give away all your money, then, I guess we can drop all those charges. No point in putting another poor black man in jail.

Give it to me! Come on, you sissies, I can fit more of ya!  Yeah, you like your little stripper whore?! You like her?! FREEZE!  Take them all to the station, for oral and anal sex with a prostitute! Half of them didn't even use a condom!  Don't you stupid kids know the diseases you can catch?! Hand me that evidence bag. 

It must be true. The kid is psychic.  But I don't suppose it really matters much. Because in the end, the way I caught the killer was with... good old-fashioned police work. Come on, Murphy. 

Molestation, nice.

Jesus Christ Monkeyballs! It must be the same guy!

What do you think, Mitch?

That a copycat killer is on the loose! We need your psychic abilities to catch this new guy right away!

So then we need to go after the johns. We need to let the men of this town know that if they paid for sex they're going to jail!

Yeah... Amazing coincidence...

Young man, how did you know the nurse was gonna walk in just now?

Mr. Johansen, could we have a quick word with you?

Oh? What's the crime?

Doctor, didn't you say that kid suffered head trauma?

Who are we gonna convict? Johnny Walker?

Does that look like a black guy to you?!

To hell with you! I'm never gonna frame an innocent man again! Unless I know he's black for sure!

Well hold on. I've got something for you too, my love. I just put it right over here by the...  FREEZE!! Ha! You're busted, buddy! I'm a cop!

Yeah, you like it?

Jesus Christ Monkeyballs! We could have made an innocent man go to jail who wasn't black! Oh!  Wuuugh! Wuugh! Ohaugh. Ugh.  Jesus, Harris. What are we becoming? We're supposed to... protect the people. Where have we lost our way?

Oh that's all right.  Nothing wrong with a-FREEZE!  You're busted, buddy! I'm a cop!

Let's, uh, let's just be happy okay?

Ye-yes, Daddy, I'm on my way.

Oh right! The hands! Right! 

Hey baby, you looking for a party?

The blonde?

So, you are agreeing to have sex with me for one hundred dollars, correct?

I'm not sure. I'm gonna have to run some tests. 

Hey Har- Har- Harris! Harris!

Jesus H.... That boy was right! Arrest that guy!  Whoa-whoa-wait-wait-hey-wait-wait-yo! Oh, wait a minute, no ah, I'm wrong.

Twenty-five years I've been on the force. I've seen every kind of sick, depraved act known to humanity and still, when I see a black man walk by who has more money than me, I... want to vomit my gizzards right in the gutter. But why? Maybe there is no reason. Maybe there's just a big blue ball out there that's mostly covered with water and we're just goin' along for the ride.

Freeze!  You are under arrest for soliciting prostitution! Book him, boys! 

Well young man, you did an amazing thing. Not only did your psychic visions help us catch the killer, but a lot of innocent people are out of jail.

Yeah, you're a dirty fuck!

This is... where the body was found.  Multiple stab wounds, just like all the others.

No way! Let's just get to this, baby.

Jesus Christ!

All right all right, we'll make a report. Jesus...

It's Jefferson! He's back!  All right, people. Let's give Blacky a nice welcome home.  Whoa, wait a minute!  That guy isn't black!  Holy God, his son isn't black either! Oh Jesus!  This is Yates! Stand down! I repeat, stand down! Suspect is not black!  You son of a bitch, you told my this guy was African-American!

Yeah, you really worked it, Daddy. You really gave my little hole quite a...  STRETCH.

All right, we'll check this Deets guy out. But let's use that one thing that we never use.

Yeah, yeah, restraint. We'll check this guy out, but let's use some restraint. 

Are you sure you're not lying, Foley?

You've got a lot of nerve coming here, Keshawn! After the way you treated me? I need a pimp that doesn't beat me every time he gets drunk!

Hold it right there, killer! 

I've... heard cases where people suffering head trauma awaken to some psychic abilities.

His powers are uncanny. Take good care of him, Ms. Cartman. Make sure he uses his powers... for good.

Be right there. Sorry guys, my daddy needs me right now. 

Well, that explains it.

You're right. We're sorry. This is serious. We need to track this student down and... give him his "Luckiest Boy In America" medal right away. 

Nope, this isn't our man.  We're sorry, Mr. God. It appears we've wasted your time. 

What?! No way! Nothing is more important than keeping prostitution out of our community!  Oh, hold on, that's my daddy.  Hey Daddy.

You know, what's that one thing that starts with an R that we never use?

Frakes?

Good evening, sir. We're Park County detectives. We were just wondering if we could take a quick look around your house, Misterrr...

It's too late for that, Keshawn! I just told this pimp I was his bitch now.

Teach this little whore a lesson!

Murphy, do you remember what I was supposed to be doing?

You say he disappeared? What did you frame him for?

Whatcha got?

While the ice-cream store owner was in jail, another murder was committed.

All right, buddy!... Go ahead and unbutton your pants.  All right! Here we go. 

Yeah, teach me a lesson, daddy!

So wait, what, what's the crime?

Well, Mr. God, it won't take but a second; it might help us with an investigation. 

Which can only mean one thing!

Well, I think that's about all I need to hear.

Well, he doesn't really look that black.

Twenty for oral, fifty for half and half, anal will cost you extra.

Oh my God. Murphy!  You're not gonna believe this.

None of it makes sense anymore.  I don't even know if what we're doing is right. The last thirteen hours we've been working on a case, trying to get a real scumbag off the streets. And when he walked up to the door, I could have sworn he was white. Maybe I can't tell the difference anymore. Maybe it doesn't matter. Because it seems like every time we frame a rich black guy, he's back out on the streets in no time. It's just like OJ. Do you know how hard those cops worked to frame him? The tireless hours they put in?! And then he just gets off because somebody messed up and said the N word out loud too many times. I guess I'm just tired. I'm just damn tired.

This isn't the guy. The serial killer always cuts off the victims' left hands.

I love 'em, darling.

Freeze, Jefferson! The gig is up! You are wanted for child mo-les-tation!

You're kidding!

Call it police intuition, but somethin' in there just didn't feel right.  Wait a minute.

Young man, the doctor said you've had some... visions about our newest murder?

Well those aren't left hands.  See, on your left hand, the thumb faces to the left. Those are all right hands.

All right, when this Jefferson guy shows up, arrest him fast and try not to beat him. There could be neighbors with video cameras.  Why do we do it, Harris?

Excuse me!  Well well well, this must be the organization I've been hearing so much about. Took me a long time to find you. You won't believe the hardships I've been through trying to track you down. My name is Yolanda. I'd like to know all about your operation here. You see I just left my pimp recently and I'm looking for a new one?

Hello, this is Sergeant Yates over at the Park County Police Department in Colorado.

This is a sting operation, scumbag, and you're going to jail for soliciting prostitution.  Got our first one, boys. I'm bringing him in for booking.

Nnice.

Damnit! Another murder victim! For three years the Left-Hand killer has been at large and I've exhausted every lead! Maybe... I just don't have what it takes to be a cop anymore.

I know it's ridiculous,  but I'm gonna explore every possibility I can!  Hello, young man, could we have a quick word with you?

Let's go! 

Tom Johansen, the owner of the ice cream shop!

Think I've got a little more work to do. 

Get him!  Code 6! Code 6!

What?!  Hohoo, not in my county!

