Alright campers, good work today. Lights out, and we'll see you tomorrow for more exercise and proper diet. 

It's, It's not the most attractive thing to go out there and say, look it took me ten or twelve years to figure out it was wrong-

They'll do it.

Naturally.

Hey kids!

I believe in capitalism too. I believe in capitalism for everybody.

If you wanna be an American the first thing you should do is respect-

Terry, I'm your friend. And I'm not just your friend, I'm also your boddy

That must be it. Don't you see, Terry? That health care integration system has made you defensive and hostile, and your wife's been puttin' up with it.

You're a dick, Scott!

And up to the sky... 

Well, it's alright with me. Parents?

Then, I suppose us mounties will never get our horses.

Wait a second.  Do you kids hear something?  I could've swore that-

Well, hold on a second. Because that glutinous fat was really our good friend, Susan,  who's another weight counselor! 

And to you, my friend. 

Iiii...
ate my son for a Blu-ray play-er
With a ho ho ho and a jingle jingle jang-le
My son got ate and it tasted good ho ho jingle jingle ho ho! 
Ho ho jingle jing-le
Jingle jingle jang-le
Jingle jingle jingle ho ho!

So let's just all put on our try-hard helmets, and accept that the only way for us to get out of camp, is to LOSE THE WEIGHT

It's okay, boys. The power is inside us to get to Ottawa! We can wish ourselves there!

Escape-aroo! Now campers, I know that camp is tough, but you have to believe that you can do it. And you have to know that until you drop the weight, you can't leave.

Oh, don't thank us. We failed you.

Hey, come on, boys! You can spend Christmas with us, Canada style!

Just stay calm, boys. French Canadians are a little... odd. 

Alan, I'm standing at ground zero. Here, the damage is greater than anywhere.  Like the rest of the world, everyone here has crapped their pants. Some  crapped themselves to death. And still others ...ruined perfectly good pairs of pants. A nation mourns and tries to rebuild, but the big question that remains is, "How did this happen?" 

I'm doing great! Why don't you come on out and we'll get yo oriented.  I'll take care of him from here, ma'am.

A a Blu-ray player. Ninety-six percent off, it's gonna be about 20 bucks.

I guess we took care of that bad old fat, didn't we kids?

What's happening?

Hey, that looks like Saddam Hussein!

Woo, that was a close call. Thank you, kind Newfie!

Ohh, that's right. Ottawa is that way. 

Oh! But he's not ready yet.

Yes, yes that's right, we had to eat him. We were all sort of starving out here, so we drew straws, and he drew the shortest one.

I don't know what we're doing wrong, Susan. These kids aren't losing the weight.

Hi, Satan.

And I'm telling you there's more to this than you think!  And if you want to save your marriage, and your face, you need to figure it out quick.

Doing great kids! Come on! 

All right boys, prepare yourselves. We're about to enter... French Canada.

Well, okay, but, you are a hater.

Bubbye. 

Is it working?

Oh my! This certainly is a desolate place!

Oh no, kids! It's glutinous fat!

Oh yes! On the river we could travel to Ottawa in no time!

Good-bye, Chad.

Follow me this way! We're going to see the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister of Canada!

There's more to this, Terry. A lady never queefs in her lord's face without some major cause. You started as the Canadian Minister of Health and three months later your wife queefed in your face. There's a connection.

You're going to see the new Prime Minister. Oh, I would so like to meet him myself. It's his strange new laws that took our horses away. Perhaps I will go with you.

Don't you think this has something to do with your new job?

Waaaah!

Alright! Everybody's here and that means we can get down to business! Over the next few weeks we're gonna learn that losing weight is  fun, right gang?

They can lose the weight if they try.

Wait a minute. This means all the Prime Minister's new laws are null and void. We can have our horses back!

We must be very close now.

Oh! What are we going to do? Wait! I know! I could knock it out! With... Exercise!  And... Proper Diet. 

