Where did you get that costume, young man?!

Students and faculty, please put your hands together and help me in welcoming back, Mister Garrison. 

After leading your class through review, your schoolmates scored higher than they ever had on their tests. Whatever you did really worked on them.

Ehsooo, I hear that the South Park Cows are playing for the State Finals in dodgeball tonight.

Stanley, do you have a reason for not using the boys bathroom?

Get him out of here!

All right, well if you identify yourself as a girl, you must find yourself attracted to boys. Is that right?!

She does?

I guess we have no choice.

Alright, listen Eric!

...Oh. Anywho, I want you all to meet your new substitute, Ms. Ellen. 

Stan Marsh, to the principal's office. Stan Marsh to the principal's office immediately!

Ohh, what does he need?

Boys, the reason we called you all in is because one of your friends... has a serious illness. Eric Cartman has been diagnosed with HIV.

I can't, I, umm...I'm very busy.  I send my five dollars a month, see? 

Good luck, Ms. Ellen. If they get out of control, just use this tear gas, okay. 

All right, all right, I killed him. I hit him over the head and I cut up the body. I tried to burn him, but it wouldn't burn! Oh, the smell of it! I put the legs in garbage bags and hid the torso under a bridge. I HAD TO DO IT!!  OH GOD!!!

Sshh! Oh, God bless America.  You get into my office before anyone else sees you. I have to show you an educational video.

Eric, it has been almost one year since Corey Duran defecated in his pants here in school. Now, you remember what happened to him?

I just wanted to give you an opportunity to apologize to Mr. Garrison before I send you away, Chef.

Alright Eric, here's the deal: This school cannot have another suicide on its hands. We want you to see Pete Melman through this, and turn public opinion around.

Aaand, let me just make a few quickie alterations, and there ya go, young man. 

Very well. But there is to be no more throwing of feces. Understood??

You'll thank us later. 

Is that true, Eric? Did you give Kyle AIDS?

Well I've been gluten-free for about a day now, and I have to say I feel sooo amazing. I just want to make sure there's food for all of us.

Well, I was just saying that the policies have really changed. You know, we fire you for acting gay next time, you'd be able to sue the school district for ...lots of money.

As you know, the position of Fourth Grade teacher has become available, and we'd like to offer YOU the job.

But this isn't a hurting confused child we're talking about. It's Eric Cartman.

But you started it. Mr. Broflovski, tell him what you told us.

"Ike, I long to feel your arms around me"?? Miss Stevenson, you- you're having a relationship with this student?

I'm very sorry, but I'm afraid we have to terminate your employment here at South Park Elementary.

J-Lo, can we get a picture of you with the kids?

Any other volunteers, perhaps?

Yes, Mr. Mackey, we're all aware that you're gluten-free now.

All we ask is you keep it shorter.

I'm sorry Erica, but I spoke with Wendyl this morning and she's not comfortable-

Did you call him a fudge packer?

Now, you did say she has a fetus on her head?

Oh, my! What an exciting day!

Really? Mwell I might just give this gluten-free thing a try. How does it work?

Yes, Mr. Garrison. Have a seat.  Mr. Garrison, sometime ago you asked to be promoted from teaching kindergarten back to the third grade.

I was just telling your friends about what I expect of your-

If it is agreeable to you, Erica, we are going to clear out the janitor's closet and remodel it into a private bathroom just for you! 

Eric, I've had a lot of complaints that your online persona is becoming a distraction.

Mr. Garrison, Chef has brought it to my attention that some uh students are a bit... uuuncomfortable about certain aspects of your teaching methods.

Boys and girls, can I have your attention, please? This year we have a very special guest performing the South Park Elementary Bay Of Pigs Memorial Dance. He was a musical force in the '70's and '80's. Please welcome Ronnie James Dio! 

Well, my hands are tied. We can no longer have Stan's behavior jeopardizing the other children. He must be removed.

Teachers, I have some bad news. Last night I received a phone call from the local pharmacist. Apparently, almost all of our fourth graders are sexually active. And now that we've scared them a little they're buying condoms to use.

Ooookay students, um, obviously we've had a little emergency with your teacher, so uh, while we deal with this, we need one of you to lead the class and review for tomorrow's quiz.

Well, whatever happened to him happened at the planetarium.

We didn't!

Uhh, who, who else would like to be teacher for the day? Anybody else? 

Ms. Ellen, is this true?

We had to let them go home, and one of them now has half a lid of Jamaican grass because of you!

Hello, boys.

Thank you for coming, parents. We called you in because we've had a little incident at the school. The fourth grade boys measured their penises and posted results in the school hallway.

Mr. Gar- Mr. Garrison!  Could we speak with you please?

Very well, Mr. Nelson.  Stacey, go ahead and send in Eric Cartman.  Eric, Mr. Nelson is concerned about how you respond to little people.

And then he was accused of trying to solicit sex from a young boy.

Richard Dawkins is a world-renowned evolutionary scientist.

Now, we realize this issue can have a troubling effect that can get blown out of proportion.

I told you the students would be interested in how much they grew since their last physical.

What can we do for him, doctor?

With the what?!

Erica, I believe we have a solution to this little problem.

I'm afraid that's impossible. Nobody's seen Mr. Garrison since the last school year ended.

No.

...The Doctors say that Jenny Simon barely survived the fall. Jumping off the school roof fractured her pelvis.

I am very disappointed in you, young man. You should be ashamed of yourself. What could have possessed you to be so stupid? 

Well, Mrs. Broflovski, it certainly is a thrill seeing your cheery face again. What seems to be pissing you off today?

Eric, I am talking to YOU!

Did you say a fetus, sticking out from her head?

I can't be around every second!

Now hold on a minute, I think we're being a little drastic here. You know, I probably see a boy in my office once a week for farting on a girl. 

This is exactly the kind of thing we are always talking about, Eric. You get angry about something, you don't think, and you cause bad things to happen. This time you've done it to yourself!

Oh yes, uh, Mr. Garrison, have a seat

Well I... we...

I know that you aren't really vampires, and I appreciate that you wanna be cool because vampires are the "in" thing right now, but-

I'm sorry, the board has made up their minds.

Eric, we've been informed by a concerned student that you are writing naughty books about one of the girls here at the school.

Wendy Testaburger to the principal's office please? Wendy Testaburger to the principal's office.

Oh my goodness!

Would that be agreeable to you?

Whattaya think? Too forward? 

You are not transgender, Eric! You don't even know what that means!

-but just make sure that this new little trend doesn't become a distraction. 

That's insane!

Because he can't!

Filthy bastard Native American money!

I'm sorry Mr. Garrison, but it's obvious you aren't tolerant of your own behavior.

Ooohh, so I suppose that's out. Uh-how about a hat, then?

I believe so, yes. 

Alright, are we sure we're alone?

Luckily for us, one of you had enough of a conscience to come forward.

Eric Cartman to the principal's office immediately.

And just what is going on here, mister?

That's right. I think you owe Kyle an apology.

Now, kids, I understand that you are very into this "vampire" thing, but I don't want to see it get out of hand. You kids need to understand that your new little fad is scary to some.

I was diagnosed seven years ago. Cancer is... pure evil. It is a fat little lump that needs to be... destroyed.  When there is a cancer, you have to "fight" it. You can't reason with cancer, you can't wish it away. Cancer doesn't play by the rules, so neither can you.

All right, all right, fine. Eric, you lead the class.

Watch the video Eric. 

Ah, could you please use a little different terminology?

And so it is with great pride that I can announce the student body has elected to get rid of the transgender bathroom, and give any fellow student the right to use the bathroom they feel most comfortable in. 

Eric Cartman, report to the principal's office immediately.

Oh, my, what an ungrateful bitch.

Is it true? Jennifer Lopez is here?

No, I'm afraid it's worse than that. By county law I'm bound to enforce the harshest punishment possible.

This is unbelievable.

Well, how about we make you a new costume. Let's see now.  Aha, thought of something. How about we make you a nice scary ghost costume?

Oh. 

Anyone who has a problem sharing a bathroom with people who might be transgender will have to use the special designated bathroom designed to keep them away from the normal people who don't care.

Because eight-year olds can't be parents!

You admit it? You admit it! 

It's for real, Mr. Garrison.

Not as sorry as you're going to be when your parents get here! Ah, here they come now. 

What??

I'm sorry, but your son is distracting the other students and his attitude is just getting worse.

No, no, I think I have a better idea.

And you can't listen to what anybody else tells you.  You have to be willing to give up everything, because the cancer will  take everything. Do you understand?

Why did you measure all the boy students' penis sizes and put the results on the school bulletin board?!

No, we're sending Chef to a tolerance seminar.

Oh, and Wendy, I almost forgot, we just got a call in the office: your grandma just died.

Oh..! 

But how old do you think a student should be when they learn about proper condom use?

Well, that does it! I'm suspending you, Timmy, until you can learn to respect your elders! 

Wuh sure thing, fine, bye-bye then. 

Well, not any more than any other student.

Oh, wow.

It was an error of judgment, Mr. Mackey, but I'm afraid I have to let you go for it. We searched each one of those kids, but came up empty.

What's that?

You sure this will work, Eric? What if some of the students don't eat the pizza?

For what? What did he say, Kyle?

But he could be anywhere up high in those mountains.

Okay, parents. I know a lot of you want a chance to speak, but we have to talk one at a time.

Okay, thank you, Kyle Broflovski.

Oh, and uh, what disease is that?

So you're happy with these changes?

Oh. Well, there was the case out in Minnesota where the guy was awarded... 25 million, I think.

I don't know!

Yes, will there be gluten-free options for people at this party?

Okay, thank you very much. Yes, you can pick him up tonight. Bye now.  Now boys, I hope you've learned your lesson.

You see that, parents? Your children have refused to come into class since this morning. I'm afraid your son is the leader, Ms. Cartman.  Apparently he's read the entire Bible, and now he's scaring the hell out of everyone.

Wendy, I've been hearing rumors about a fight between you and Eric Cartman.

It's okay, Eric. We all understand and we think you're very brave.

We're ruined!

Mr. Garrison, for the love of God.

If anyone doesn't, you have the authority to bring them to me.

Waaah! 

All right, we're going to bring Eric in now, and let's all be as supportive as we can and show him lots of love, okay?

Boys, please take a seat.

You're darn right, Eric!

Thank you for coming, everyone. 

That's better. And now Kyle, maybe you should also admit you were wrong for tattling.

Yeah, I swore that if I had to see it one more time, I'd put a bullet in my head.  But luckily I got really stoned before I came.

Ooookay, thank you, cheerleaders. That was very nice. Ahhh, next we have a student who would like to perform an original rap song,  based on his award-winning poem, "I Was Not The Bullet," with backup music by Butters Stotch. 

So did you ever think of just, you know, having it cut off?

As we said before, that's impossible.

What?

That isn't the only reason you're being let go.

Did you infect Kyle with the HIV virus, yes or no?!

Yes, we apologize for Eric Cartman's behavior, Mr. Nelson. We feel terrible.

Mrs. Garrison, I am pulling you out of the classroom.

The numbers we put up were height differentials. 

Well, you have to admit he does look a little better.

Good.

Hello there, children. Ooh, love the Elvis costume, Chef.

Oh, this new fourth-grade teacher is driving me nuts!

Well, Miss... Choksondik, those children did fairly well in the third grade.

Mrs. Garrison, evolution is in the school curriculum. We have to teach it.

Right, so the issue, as you all know, is that Butters set fire to the gymnasium last week and ran away laughing and flipping everyone off.

Oh? Which one?

We were wrong for shunning you, Mr. Mackey, and we apologize. We should have realized that you needed help.

He finally snapped and had a nervous breakdown and... went up into the mountains to live in solitude.

Now, do you have any questions?

Miss Stevenson, I will need to inform the police.

Come on in, Eric. 

Mr. Mackey, Clyde's parents are here.

Mr. Nelson! 

Kyle, these men have apparently come all the way from Israel to speak with me, but... we need a translator.

These gentlemen from the Denver County School Board have something they want to ask you.

Thursday's no good, we've got choir council.

Attention, students. Don't forget that this Friday night is the South Park Elementary Bay Of Pigs Memorial Dance. We will have a very special band performing, so please come early.

Well, you boys have certainly done it this time!

Well, Timmy. I just don't know what to do with you. You're getting very poor marks in school and the teachers are complaining that you aren't paying attention.

O-of course you do.

This story hasn't gone up on Eavesdropper yet. Maybe it won't!

I see.  I've noticed all the things you've done for Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Did you know I'm a breast cancer survivor?

Ooohh, yeess, a Conjoined Twin Myslexia Awareness Week. You know, that has a nice ring.

Mr. Garrison?

You'd better brace yourself, parents. The boys were caught... smoking!

Wait. Are you talking about the numbers we published Tuesday from the physical?

Oh!

Eric, I've had enough! You cannot and you will not sell your books on school grounds! Do I make myself clear?!

No. Banishment.

Because you have an anger problem, Eric!

Ah, Ms. Choksondik, can we have a quick word with you?

You demonstrate a lack of tolerance for Mr. Garrison's behavior. In fact, I believe you used the words "sick queer" to describe his conduct in class?

Mr. Triscotti, I wasn't aware that-

Oh. I'm sorry, we don't hire gay people. 

Mr. Mackey, it's over.

School policy has been to teach sexual education later. In the fifth grade.

Well, I'll talk to Nurse Gollum, but I'm sure she'll be delighted. Let's say around 8?

Now now, boys' fascination with their genitalia is a natural thing. We... simply need to find a way to help the students understand what they've done.

The job is to read what is written on the paper, Eric, not to embellish the way you do.

We've simply had it with your son, Mr. and Mrs. Marsh. Voting just doesn't appear to be important to him.

I want to know just what makes you think it's okay to go inside the girls bathroom!

Okay, before we get started with this PTA meeting, does anyone have any outstanding issues?

If Pete Melman does not kill himself,  we will make it very worth your while.

We... found all the gay porn on your iPhone, Mr. Connors.

Oh, oh, haha. Wow.

Well, I guess that's the grown-up way to put it, yes.

Sir, if you don't wish your daughter to learn about evolution, then we can pull her out of class.

Oh, dear God!

The school board has decided to discontinue the wrestling program. Wrestling simply involves too much adult subject matter, like murder and abortion. 

When you have cancer you fight, because it doesn't matter if you beat it or not. You refuse to let that fat little lump make you feel powerless!

It has become obvious to me that you don't know enough about evolution to teach it! I'm having you replaced! Mr. Dawkins! 

Mr. Garrison, last week's charges of attempting to solicit sex from a minor wa-

I understand it's been difficult, Mrs. Garrison, and so, Mr. Donaldson has come from the Tourette's Tolerance and Understanding Foundation. 

Oh, looks like the weather might turn shitty.

Our students want to learn, Mrs. Garrison, and they're mature enough to handle anything.

No, no, we're not bad.

Oh, I can't do Monday.

Yes, but you don't actually get involved with the child's life. You're supposed to just send money, and once in a while they write you a letter. You see, Marvin didn't grow up in a normal place like South Park.

All right, students, members of the school board. Our last speaker will discuss the important role of Latinos in the arts. Here is... Eric Cartman.  Eric Cartman? 

Oh noo!

Yeah. How about Saturday at 11:30?

Good morning, Eric. 

That's right. Will you stay?

All right, boys, now what is this fighting all about?

Mr. Garrison to the principal's office, please?

Shh! Quiet, students, quiet!

Eric, we've called you in to commend you for your role as student teacher.

You can't care for this child!

You are to sit in class and help Mr. Dawkins with whatever he needs!

I thought you were a chick.

But why is Mr. Mackey doing this now?

We thought it would be fun to put up how much each student has grown in height since their physical last year. You grew 1.2 inches.

Mr. Mackey, so far the school has spent  $22,000 on the IntelliLink system, and so far it's been an unmitigated disaster.

Children, I have some difficult news for you. Mr. Garrison won't be teaching for a while. He has to have surgery.  So you're going to have a substitute teacher.  And I want you to show the substitute the same respect you show for Mr. Garrison.  Yes, little boy?

I know you will. 

How's it going, coach?

All right. Will you people stop barging into my office, please?

With all the new laws we could never fire you for being gay now. You'd be able to sue us for millions of dollars.

Now, just lead a review over whatever Mr. Garrison's been teaching you, and I'll be back to check on you shortly.  Well well well. Who's teacher now?  Yeahhh. Who's teacher?!

We in administration see now that you are an individual with your own preferences, and we respect that.

No no no we're not firing you.

That's wasn't the point, Eric! Nobody was supposed to kill themselves! Unless you fix this our deal is off!

Ah I'm sorry, I really don't understand.

You'll just have to share, Eric. Why can't you understand that?

Eric, as you might have heard, a student here in South Park Elementary had an accident in the classroom.

There, there, now. Maybe this will all blow over someday and we can give you a job as a janitor cleaning up vomit with that pink sawdust stuff.

Eric, the reason we called you in here is because it is your turn to be the school hallway monitor. 

In the cheeks, you don't think he looks a little fuller?

Oh no? Are you sure?

What about next Sunday?

Okay, Eric, you got what you wanted. Are we straight?

No-o, I never did.

And so apparently there's been a little mixup. The manatees were meant to go to the Denver Shelter Aquarium and the frogs were meant to come here.

Fine.

What?

