Well I don't know, Terrance, let me check.
I don't know, Terrance. And who is that smelly person in all these pictures?
Beans? Uh oh, looks like we'll be at war with these Indians soon.
Say Terrance, this body appears to have been moved since the murder. Look at the forensic evidence around the torso.
Say Terrance, can you tell me Who farted? 
Aaaah.  I think you got some spatter on Chief Running Wolf. 
Yes. It's been a long day, and only Kraft dinner can calm my nerves.
My God, what a fascinating story, Terrance. Especially the part aboot Celine Dion.
You censored out the image of Mohammad in our television special!!
Uhh, oh Terrance? What color is the wind?
Stop it, Katherine! This is a serious moment!
Really? Well that sounds interesting. How much does it pay?
We sssure did go through a lot together.
Say Terrance, I was just aboat to make some Kraft Dinner. Would you like some?
Oh, really? This run of Hamlet is closing down, I'm afraid. We could take it there.
Keep looking, Terrance. The forensic evidence is right around here.  Ah!  Af!
Why don't you go eat some more pudding, you fatass drug addict?!
Oh dear! I knew we should have gone to Geico!  Come on, darling, let's get out of here and go there.
Oh, hello, Scott. No hard feelings, right, old pal?
Good people of the jury. My client, Terrance, is no more a murderer than you or me. He loves puppies and hates mean things. Would a murderer go to the zoo and feed animals like this?  Of course not. So in summation, find Terrance innocent. Or else he'll kill you.  Just kidding.  The defense rests! 
Then I'm going to go with you, Terrance. 
I'm in! Here, call me at this number with the details.  Gotta run! 
I never know you had a daughter, Terrance.
Say Terrance, what should we do aboot this strange planet we've crashed on?
Oh, look who's coming! Isn't that Mohammad, the holy prophet of the Muslim religion? 
You stupid bitch, what the fuck is wrong with you?! 
Terrance! Get the phone book! We must call every Canadian we can!
Say, Terrance? Will you check my ass for abnormalities? 
My sentiments exactly, Your Honor. I see from your actions that you're southern Canadian.
That's what I was gonna say: You were an asshole, and this is mostly your fault.  But, you were always the more artistically driven of us; I ssshould've put more into it than I did. 
Wait wait. I've got an idea. Why don't you put this paper bag over your head, Ugly Bob?
But it's not free! If you charge 40 cents here and 50 cents there, then it's not free!
Oh my God!  What is this?!  Is this Canada?
Excuse me, which way is the bus station? 
It seems dishonest and we have a brand to protect. 
He sure does seem to hate us. I wonder what he'll try to do next.
Okay, but we still won't stand for this!
AH! Stop right there! I'm not doin' nothin' with that fatass egomaniac!
Not Sally! Dear God, no, Terrance! Why Sally?! God, why?! Say, Terrance, who's Sally?
Hey Terrance, I think I have to fart.
Well, what the hell? I already flew all the way out here. But I want my check made out to me, not both of us!
We demand you rerun Mystery at the Lazy "J" Ranch with Mohammad uncensored!
But there's something very wrong with knowingly making it appeal to human weaknesses!
Hey Terrance, now that you've farted, I think I might fart too. 
Yes, and hungry too. Being a pilgrim totally sucks ass.
Dammit I'm trying to enjoy my wine, Katie!
That fart sounded like a ringing phone, Terrance.
No no no! I mean, could you tell me the directions again without you farting?
Well, while we're waiting, why don't we search for treasure?
Oh good. Well, I certainly am going to miss Canada, Terrance.
It's the dumbest game over! All you do is collect and spend Canadough!
Well, you know what they say: A friend in need is a friend with Kraft Dinner.
Me too, Katherine. I don't love your queefs, but dammit, I love you.
Ugly Bob, your face looks like somebody tried to put out a forest fire with a screwdriver.
Look, ah, Stephen, Terrance and I were talking andeh, well it's, it's starting to look like maybe we're not gonna win this thing, you know?
Say Terrance, isn't it wonderful having a holiday here at the Lazy "J" Ranch?
Terrance, what brand of pants am I wearing?
Say, Terrance, I'm getting worried aboot all these Russians making missiles. Maybe we should stop this cold war.
Terrance, if I die whilst in Iran, please bring my body back to Canada, and bury me in a box with a side of Kraft Dinner.
I was just watching this video, I ah-. You know, I've never seen it before.
You had no idea what you were doing and now you're trying to make it look like you won so that we won't set you adrift!
Alright, no problem, buddy.  Now, tell me: How do I get to the auto garage to see a mechanic?
We came up with a better plan. You see, Scott, after all your criticism, it was farting that saved Canada!
Dammit man!  Danger or no, I'm going to help my friend find his daughter!! 
Hey Terrance! Looks like this might be a good place to start a new colony.
That's right, Terrance. You should only let trite things come between your asscheeks 
You can't let Canada Channel be soiled by that perverse garbage! You know it's sick!
Oh, raspberries, looks like I'm losing a friend.
Excuse me, is this where the Earth Day crap is happening?
Oh oh, did you say what I thought you said? 
Did you hear that, Terrance? You're not guilty!
That one was smelly. Take this Dalai Terrance 
What?! That's crazy, Terrance! Katie is obviously the hot one. 
Yes it is, Terrance. According to that newsie, he's some kind of Turkish dictator.
AAAAAH!  Aaah! You stained my pilgrim hat butt-pipe!
That smelly Saddam Hussein. He uses germ and chemical warfare, does he not?
Will this mean that I won't be able to fart anymore?
That's it! I ain't doin' nothin' with Kuko the Whale!
Wull, yeah, but everyone is dying of starvation.
What gives you the right to make a stupid Terrance & Phillip mobile game?! Who do you think you are?!
Hold on, hold on. Over here, over here. 
Can you tell me how to get to the auto garage without farting?
Say, she looks a lot more like Celine Dion than you, Terrance.  Oooh, now I see the resemblance!
Why does he suddenly sound like Al Pacino in Devil's Advocate?!
That's right, Terrance. This is the season for sharing. 
Why the heck didn't you tell me you were the mechanic?
Yon fart doth smell of elderberry sweet. Thou dost protes-
Hey! Wait a minute. That fart gives me pause.
We understand micropaying, but can't the game hidden inside the charade it- just at least be fun?
Ah, I'm sick of him taking credit for all the work and not letting me change the act. It's old and stale! I mean, do you really think that fart jokes are funny for that long? 
