Mathematical semi-tonal is fine. 

We understand the humiliation your wife has gone through, Mr. Tucker, but we don't-

I'm sorry, Mr. Mackey, but there just isn't really any evidence to go on.

Down on the floor. Get down on the God-damned floor! 

Chief! Two more parents from the next town over have shown up saying their child might have been killed by the same guy that took the Stotch boy.

Guess this country is changing. We're sorry little boy, we're SO sorry. 

Alright, good. Now get in the car! 

Well well well, if it isn't the supercops. 

Captain, these two men claim to know the situation. 

Well kid?

Who's the famous artist?

Huh.

Here's that file on the Rodriguez case, detective.

Well, ya think anyone else on your planet might have seen him?

So then... we're the first aliens you've ever seen?

A woman.

What's happening?

Eric Cartman? We have a report you might be involved in voter fraud?

Nisssse.

He's gone.

Looks like the alien criminal did land here after all.

He stole over 600 parsohns of space cash from the universal bank. You're absolutely sure you didn't see an alien land here?

Yes sir. Then we got a house across the street where someone dug up the yard and... built a cabin.

But they aren't illegal, Mr. Tucker.

Let's just see. 

Oh, these two people right here. 

Some young boy is having sex with Miss Stevenson?

Do we still press charges?

Alright, people, the father wants his son returned to him! Hand him over to us!

You know, the room we have set aside for kids to feel safe in.

You don't seem that excited about your first contact with alien life.

Spielberg and Lucas, they... finally got them for what they did to Indiana Jones, sir. 

Well that'd probably be best left to a professional hair removal company.

All right, that's it then. Come on out sir, it appears to be over. 

Who's the kid?

Nothing sir. We just found some tremendous deals on cars nobody wants, that's all. Barkley out. 

It's no good. The protest has quadrupled in size since this morning. As you can see from this aerial photograph, the protest covers almost two square miles. We have right officers here, here, and here. The media has been contained in this area. 

Well, thanks for your time sir. You might wanna keep the lights on in your yard tonight in case someone tries to build a cabin on it as well.

Sir! Sir, it's over. They got 'em.

Sir! We've got a code 6!  All nuclear missiles are preparing for launch!

And so, did you find the missing space cash?

Your son seems to have some pretty inspirational words. You sure you Earthlings have nothing else to tell us?

Hello sir, had a little incident last night, wondering if you saw or heard anything?

Well we're a little puzzled over one of your countries? Uh, Finland?

The mother and father will probably be released from jail on Monday, but I guess the kids are gonna be taken away for good. Child Protective Services is about to talk to them in the soft room.

The crime is, she isn't doing it with me. 

You'd better come quick.

I'll, I'll put it in the report he's Mylar brown.

What were you doing last night?

Hey, you get out of here. Out.

You sure they've had sex?

Uh huh. Have a good day. 

'Scuse us, Earthlings, but uh, we've been in pursuit of a criminal from the Xenon galaxy. Fella by the name of Baby Fark McGee-zax?

So, that's it, Hardly Boys, we've got no leads and nobody admitting to the crime.

You mean the girl who just showed her asshole on Jimmy Fallon?

Jail's full, sir.

None of you knew anything about Finland's destruction?

But who would benefit from crapping in the urinal? Uh this is too big a mystery for me. I think we'd better call in the Hardly Boys.

Aw, Christ!

Alright Johnson, give it up!

Nisssse.

Well you folks all take care now.  Just... one more thing, Earthlings, uh... We had some images done of your planet and it appears that one of your poorer countries - Mexico? - has built 32 new hospitals and seven water parks in the last four days.

No, wait. What... what's he doing? 

