Get out of my way, Mackey. You wanna piece of this?!  I'll slap everyone in this God damned school if I have to! 
Ooo, that sounds emotional!  What is it son? What's on your mind? Whatever it is, you know your dad has the time.
Basketball? No son of mine is going to be a sweaty little jock!
If you can talk it, you can sing it.  You can lay down the rhythm and bring it! Just put a melody to the words that you're sayin' and sing the beat-
Don't worry, bitch, I didn't forget about you!  There's a slap for you!  Slap, slap, slap!  Yeah, there you go!  Here's a little reach around the back of the head slap! 
What?!  What's going on here, what's this all about?  What do you think you're doing?
Can you believe it? What'd he just say? What's the matter with kids these days? 
Slapping you slapping you silly 'cause you disrespected me.
You're trying to turn my son into a little asshole sports person like yourself  There, there's another slap! Maybe you'll think next time you act, you-  Slap it, I'll slap it! 
Yeah! There it is! Slapped you! You probably think I'm finished, huh?!  No, there's another one!
I drove by the school and saw kids on the playground doing a music number and you weren't there! You're here in the sports gym shooting basket hoops!
You don't tell me how to raise my son! I'll slap it again. 
Awww. I'm going slap-happy!  I'm going slap, slap happy! Slappity slappin' you, teachin' you a lesson for coming in my house!  What are you looking at, Robertson? 
Kids these days!  Unh unh unh! Just go right back to your room and sing a ballad, mister!
You are never going to play shooting hoops, do you understand?!  You are going to sing and dance and be the best at it!
I'll do it! I'll slap the shit out of you!
Don't make me slap you!  I will slap your face so super hard...  I am the man of this house! You disrespect me and you're gonna get slapped!
Don't you even think about it! If I had a jock for a son, I'd be the laughingstock of the men's choir club.
Go ahead. Make my day.  You get upstairs, or I will slap you until there's little red hand prints all over face!  Ow!  Oh my God, what was that?  Did you see that?! Oh my God it hurts so bad!  Ow. What the "H" is going on?! 
Yadada yadada yadada dadadadada High School Musical is so awesome. 
You'd better just turn your asses around and get back in your little car, 'cause there's a world o'hurt about to come your way!
You hear the rhythm. Now is the time, the tiiiiime. It's time to go to bed. It's time to call it a day. You can reach the stars and-
Oh, by all means. You got the balls to come in here?! Do it! Do it! 
