Thank you for bringing him to us, boys. You see, this is not an ordinary towel. He is the RG-400 Smart Towel, designed with a computer chip inside the terry cloth
The towel has a will of its own. It's... learning compassion.
I'm afraid not. Because your Okama GameSphere is at "their" base.
I hate to send you back in there, Towelie, but only you have their security system in your memory banks.
Bring the towel here, boys. They can't shoot children.
You mean to go right into their base?  Of course. The entry code should still be in Towelie's memory banks. You could sneak him in there and recover his TNA. Great plan.
Good luck, boys. The fate of the world is depending on you.
Then we have no choice. We'll have to test the new prototype a little... earlier. 
You see, here at Tynacorp, our goal was to make the perfect towel. A towel that would sense how wet or dry the user's skin was and fluff itself accordingly.
In a moment we will be over the base. This is the only way in. Any attempts on the ground would be easily spotted by guard posts.
Ah yes, your video game. I'm afraid that what we all experienced was a trap. They called you and said to bring the towel, and then they called us and said they were bringing Towelie back. Their plan was to wipe us all out with one fell swoop.
You see boys, I'm afraid you were double-crossed. If they were the military, why wouldn't they just attack us to begin with? Because they're not the military!
Oh yes, boys. Obey your government! Well perhaps it's time these boys knew what was really gong on!
Why, the military. You see, after Towelie got high and wandered off from here, the military got a hold of him. They wanted to turn Towelie into a weapon of mass destruction.
Towelie was our greatest success. Smart enough to beat the average human at chess and absorbent enough to soak up even the toughest spills. But then one day, Towelie got high and just sort of wandered off.
Towelie was at their base for months as they tried to copy his TNA. But then, one day, Towelie got high and just sort of wandered off. Again.
