No, Skyler, I'm not putting out for you!

There is one thing I love more than Russell Crowe, and that is seeing you unhappy. So, Buffy it is!

Calm down, turd! No Juvenile Hall turd is going to kill you. That's my job.

You're a turd! You're the Turdman of Alcatraz!

...Oh, all right, get your turd coat. You can come see the meteor shower with us.

Shut up, turd! You're going to admit to Ms. Claridge what you did!

That's stupid! See your turdy trailer some other time!

Turd wedgie. Come in the kitchen, Skyler. There's refreshments 

You're right! He is a scumbag! I wish I could get him back! I just don't know how.

I saw three ships come sailing in
On Christmas Day, on Christmas Day
I saw three ships come sailing in 
On Christmas Day, in the morning. 
And what was in those ships, all three? 
On Christmas Day, on Christmas Day
And what- 
Shut up, turds! 
-was in those ships all three
On Christmas Day, in the morning?
The Virgin Mary and Christ were there 
On Christmas Day, on Christmas Day 
The Virgin Mary and-
Shut up, TUUUURDS! 
-Christ were there
On Christmas Day, in the morning.
Let us all rejoice, amain, 
On Christmas Day, on Christmas Day 
And let- 
I told you to shut up! 
-us all rejoice, amain,
On Christmas Day, in the morning. 
Shelly is starting to get pissed 
On Christmas Day, on Christmas Day 
Shelly got up and killed the turds 
On Christmas Day, in the MORNING! 

I have to get online with my darling Amir before school starts!

Maybe if Larry had a nice steak once in a while he wouldn't get beat up by every kid in school. 

My boyfriend is coming over, so you go to the kitchen, and you make us that pizza before I snap you in half like the little turd-stick you are!

This is taking too long! When do I get to use the Internet?!

Yes, but I'm gonna want something in return.

If I die from this, I'm taking you with me!

I said shut up, or I will destroy you, tur-r-rd!

Ohh boy, you are gonna get it now. 

All right. I just started my period, and I need tampons. If one of you turds go buy them at the store for me, you can watch your stupid turd show with your stupid turd movie commercial in it!

Ooo, Stan's in trouble. Let me kick his ass, Mom.

Life so full of happiness?
Feel free to mark my words.
But me and you, will my love do
in a world that's full of turds? TURDS!
llama judgin finger-lovin' turds. TURDS!

But Mom, Lorde is playing! You can't not let me go or I'll hate you forever! 

Just keep the volume down! I have to go deal with Turdboy. 

Your mom's gonna get home soon. We're gonna get busted!

I don't know, Skyler. It's just kind of strange to me that you're 22 and all.

Uhwwell, okay.  I'll try. But I'm not promising anything. 
1, 2, 3, 4
So much pain in the world today.
Too many turds are headin' my way.
But we can press our turds together.
Passing by turds whenever.

What the hell is wrong with you?! How come you're not yelling and whining?!

Haha! That was a turd trick. Your mom isn't really dead!

Nothing, Dad. Go back to killing the family. 

I charge $5 for the first hour, 5% bumps every hour after that up to six hours, which enters into golden time.

...So I said, "you're a little turd!" and he w-

And I got a victory point for the most roads connecting settlements.

Maybe you should let your son decide that for himself. 

Mom, Dad, Kelly and Stacy are going to the Women of Rock concert! Can I go with them?! 

No! It's Eric's fault. He let those cats in here.

She will too! She has to show up, and if I don't get to see her I'm gonna kill myself!

Hey Mom, do you like Australia? 'Cause that was the Great Barrier Queef. 

It wasn't Stan, he was…it was with me the whole time.

Alright, turd, listen up! Now that your mom is gone, I'm in charge. I don't know how you treat your other babysitters, but when I'm babysitting, you're nothing but a little turd. You're a stinky dried-up stupid turd! Got it?!

...But when you've seen one turd, you've seen them all.  ...stupid turd! The one night-

In a world that's full of turds. TURDS!

It's working! I can i-chat with my darling Amir now! 

We're going outside to watch a meteor shower! I'm locking you in your room 'til we get back in, turd!

Nobody my age would go out with me 'cause I'm too ugly.

You'll never be bigger than me Stan.  Never!

You little jerk!  You were trying to kill grampa! I'm telling mom!

Come on! We've got to get the house clean before your mom gets home.  You know, Eric. It's kind of cool that two people who hated each other can be friends.

Don't limit me! You don't even understand me!

We need to run over to the hospital and identify her body! We'll be right back.

HAha! I knew you sent the cat, and that's why I went outside and got him!

Can't you all see I'm in pain?! Nobody understands pure love! Amir and I are closer than anybody in this stupid family! 

What if my sweetheart is online looking for me? He could be wondering why I don't get online with him. Maybe he thinks I'm dead.  If my darling Amir gets another Internet girlfriend, I'm gonna kill him! And you! 

Leave me alone, Dad! Stop nagging me all the time!

Well, I do have a song I wrote.

Mom, I'm i-chatting with my boyfriend in Montana!

Thanks for all your help, Eric. You know, as far as turds go, you're okay. 

Well, I'm watching Friends, turd!  That's my boyfriend. Go answer the door while I make sure I don't have food in my braces. 

I just think your sound is kind of... last week.

Well, let's clean up the house. Looks like everything turned out o-kay.

I don't care.  He acted like he really liked me. Nobody's ever liked me before.  I can't believe I trusted him. I'm so stupid.

Hey Eric! Your mom's been in an accident!

No, I mean, what the hell are you doing to grampa?! 

And they'd better be here when I come back downstairs, turds! 

