First the money started goin', and now everyone's gettin' laid off work! They took arrr jawbs!
You have to, Jimbo, or else we won't be able to stop them! They too 'r jaobs!
Well help yourself to a fuckin' science book, 'cause you're talkin' like a fuckin' retard! Now, come on people, we've got to think! Damnit, they took our jaorbs!
All right, folks, my name is Darryl Weathers and I'm with the Construction Workers' Union. I work with a lot of fine men who have families to feed. Now, I don't know about you all, but we worked long and hard to get our pay up to a level where we could make a decent living. And now these people from the future are showin' up and offerin' to do the same work for next to nothin'! They took our jobs! 
You can watch 'em almost every afternoon. It's some of the greatest wrestlin' we ever seen.
I'm telling you guys, you've got to see this. These kids ain't more than eight or nine years old an' they got more problems than you can imagine.
So it appears the government ain't gonna help us! Which means we gotta take matters into our own hands! The only way to stop people from the future is to stop the future from happening!
You're Goddamned right! These people from the future are takin' all the work away from us decent present-day Americans!  They took our jobs!
Hey thanks, kid, this is really nice of you.
Hey, yeah. Well that's not a bad idea!
Yeah, no I I think Congo is a great wrestler; I just think Rad Russian has his number.
How the hell is global warming gonna cause an ice age?!
Uh oh, it looks like the intermission is over, better head back.
Come on, people, think! How are we gonna stop these immigrants from takin' our jobs!
Yup, and there's this little girl, she's actually addicted to gettin' abortions. Got pregnant by nearly every boy there.
What the hell do you care?! Get off the wrestlin' mat! Boo!
Think about it: These people are from the future, right? Well, if we can git everyone to turn queer, then there won't be no children to have no children, and the people from the future won't exist to take our jobs!
Chet, you are a fuckin' retard, you know that?! Even if global warming were real, which all proven scientific data shows it isn't, it would take millions of years for a climate shift to happen! You think an ice age can just happen all of a sudden-like?
Listen up, everybody! We've just received a reply from our congressman.  "Dear intolerant rednecks, we sympathize with you all losing your jobs. However, we feel your solution of shooting everyone who crosses the time border is inhumane."
All right! So, any ideas how we can stop the future from happening? 
Let's go over to that part of town that all the future people moved into and start humpin' each other until they disappear! Come on!  Come on! You want your jobs back or not?! 
All right, you future bastards! Think you can take our jubs?! Well, we'll show you! Come'ere, Earl!.  How do you like that, gooback?!  Come on, you guys!  Everyone who believes in America, join in with us! We're gonna make these future bastards nonexistent!
Mister, you'd better take your gay porn an' walk right out of this bar.
