Uh, Policeman Brown, will you take Josh outside, please?

I was hoping you could help me solve a toilet-papering case?

Young man, you can't just go declaring Shenanigans on innocent people! That's how wars get started!

Mr. Marsh you have to move! It isn't- 

Well, you ain't Fiona Apple, and if you ain't Fiona Apple, I don't give a rat's ass!

Crime scene investigation!  There are several footprints in the snow. Perhaps more than one perpetrator? 

Mr. Garrison,  these three boys were caught playing hooky.

Josh, you have to go back to Juvenile Hall. You only have a three-week sentence.

Ha ha cows! I've got you cornered. Let's see you get away now. 
I love to sing-a
About the moon-a and the June-a and the Spring-a
I love to sing-a
About a sky of blue-a or a tea for two-a...

Me?? How did I get into this mess?

Oh I know what you mean. I've always loved the planetarium, too.

Holdjit  If you wouldn't mind, uugh. Could you please follow me?

No, two-ply.  What? What does that tell you?

Well, just as soon as I handle all the other crime in South Park, I'm gonna go with you to the planetarium so I can prove that nothing's wrong.

I am. But I don't want to be.

Hmmm... That's a good question, Mayor. Let me get right on that with thinking.

Okay people, move along, nothing to see here you looky-loos.

There's nothing funny going on. I'll get those cows back.

Well, the FBI said I have to hold you here, so that's what I'm gonna do, Mr. Complainy Pants.

Well, looks like I made a mistake. I... guess I'd better let you out now. 

Whoops, sorry I doubted your abilities, Mr. Negotiator.

Thought you could get away with it, eh Mr. Hat?

Hmmmm. You know, I think the book depository would be a good bet.

Well yeah, those women will have sex with anybody.

Hello, Josh. My name is Officer Barbrady. I'm with the South Park police.

Now you listen to me! Whoever TP'ed your house is still out there roaming the streets. It's only a matter of time before another house and another family is victimized! I have to stop that from happening.

Mr. Marsh, you have to move! It isn't safe to be here! 

Wow, they've got activists for everything these days.

Well okay. Next?  Next?  Let's see: Hotties, Juicy, Whoppers...  Okay, next?  A-ha! What the hell are you doin' with this?!

All right, you damned carnival people. Into jail with-  Oooooh? 

You can't kidnap people and lock them in your basement.

Are you boys sure you're not just making this all up?

Look kid, I have very little time to catch whoever toilet-papered that house. Tell me what you know.

Right over here.  Yeah, we interrogated the suspect for over forty hours, and he finally cracked. 

Oh, I understand. I remember when my wife stopped getting her monthly visitor.

Ooh, phew, I feel a lot better, then, although I could've swore that I had heard of them and they starved to death in my prison.

Hold it right there, cows!  Come back here! Now then! 

Alright alright my dad dressed me up like a little girl on poker nights and he made me sit on all my uncles' laps! 

This isn't happening. Everyone look away please. Nothing to see here.

Well, we've got a little problem. Gent here caught your boy and his friends trespassing on his ranch. They stole some of his property.

Not perform?  But Jimmy, you love talent shows. Everyone in town knows that.

Damn, he could be anywhere! I'll send out an APB!

Hello, Mr. Marsh. Top of the evening to you.  Okay, bye, then.

I just need to talk to someonen who knows how toilet paperers think.

Mr. Bell, do you remember anyone suspicious buying toilet paper in the last few days?

Jimmy, what are you doing here? The talent show is inside.

Uuuh, I don't know who you are, but these men aren't going anywhere until I hear from the FBI.

Okay, carnival people, do you accept this decree of Shenanigans?

You're probably wondering why we're standing here with a pile of money and no pants on.

Excuse me, everyone.  I have someone with me who can tell us all who toilet-papered the art teacher's house!  Josh insisted he be able to tell you the names of the toilet paperers in person. 

Hey, I thought of something.  Uh... no, wait, that's subtraction.

You... know I can't give you toilet paper, Josh.

I'll think of a way. Now move along!

No. Just leave me with my dignity.  Okay, people, move along. Nothing to see here.

Not so fast there, tubby. Uh I'm just takin' care of business. 

This is nothing out of the unusual. Cows turn themselves inside out all the time. 

Are you crazy? I just had my uniform pressed!

Well, Chef, it's freedom of speech. We don't like it, but we can't arrest them for talking.

Well, I guess my work here is done. After all this, I'm gonna need a long vacation. 

Oh, I think maybe you'll answer that downtown, tourists. 

Well, like someone who was black or Mexican or Middle Eastern.

Whoa!  Listen, uh, you kids go on home, there's nothing to see here.

I was just over at your house and freed sixty-three people you had locked in your basement.

No problem.  Hah! Caught you red handed. No Pictures of Kathie Lee.

So you think there was more than one. Why?

Oh all right, all right, my uncle Charles used to hit me with a belt! 

All right, boys, visiting time is over. Thanks for stopping by.

You're lucky that you missed Kathie Lee and nobody got hurt. 

Well, I'm checking everyone's back yards. Missing people usually turn up hiding in someone's bushes. May I?  Well, this all looks in-  oh? Tennis anyone? 

Well, Jimmy, the girls here are young and pure. They're not like the ladies down at Colfax Point.

Okay people , I think you'd better move along before I arrest more of you!

Here you go, Mr. Rancher. I got your cattle back for you

Is that the toilet paper there? I'll need to take those bags as evidence.

Oh, thank you from a fate worse than death, counselor.

Hmm, you know, I think the book depository would be a good bet—I think the book depository would be a good bet—book depository—depository—depository—depository ...

Ho-kay okay, let's calm down. People of South Park, do you declare Shenanigans on the carnival people?

Okay, Josh, time to go back to the...  Oh no!

That is the silliest thing I've ever heard. 

Well, it's nice to see you finally got a real job, Chef.

What? You mean the teacher? Wait a minute. 

No, I didn't think so. Mind if I look around the back yard, though?

Well, that settles it! Everybody grab a broom, it's Shenanigans! 

Yes, thanks for coming, Mr. Bell. A house was TP'ed in South Park and I need to see if you can identify the toilet paper I recovered from the scene.  I'm... sorry I have to do this. 

If that is true, then your declaration of Shenanigans is just.  What do you have to say, carnival operator?

-crack corn and I don't careJimmy crack corn and I don't careMy master's gone awayJimmy crack corn and I don't care

Okay people, stand back. Give the little burnt boy some breathing room.

Well, Evel Knievel, why don't you jump over them with your rocket cycle? 

T. T is for turtle.  Nur nunur nunur nunur nunur nunur...

You boys have been watching the "X-Files" too much, there's no such thing as genetic clone -

Yeah. No biggie, but I was wondering if you had seen any of them. 

Okay people, listen up. As we near the top of the mountain, the chances of our encountering some lava becomes great. Therefore, I have special-ordered this training film to assist us in volcano safety. Mr. Garrison, if you would please. 

