How did that get here?!  It says it's a Pabst Blue Ribbon.
This is where you'll sleep with your foster brothers. You will be clean, polite, and most importantly, you WILL follow the agnostic code: We cannot know for certain if God or Christ existed. They COULD. Then again there COULD be a giant reptilian bird in charge of everything. Can we be CERTAIN there isn't? NO, so it's pointless to talk about. Now say it with me.
No, you can't be certain of that! You might've seen one!  Hit him with the Dr Pep-er again.  Are there such things as angels?!
There's nothing in there but Dr Pep-er, right? There can't be. 
Very good, we'll take them from here. Children, enter.  Welcome to your new home. Before we show you around let's get one thing clear: this is a very strict religious household! As long as you live here you will be agnostic!  These are your foster brothers and sisters! They are all strict agnostics! David, do you believe in God?!
Right! There are two bedrooms upstairs! Boys' room and girls' room! Your chores are listed on their respective doors! Follow!  You will eat only at designated meal times! Beverages you may take from the refrigerator as you like! However, in this house you will drink only agnostic beverages!  Dr Pep-er, and Diet Dr Pep-er!  Because what flavor is it?! It is neither root beer nor cola! Nobody is sure what flavor it is, and nobody can be sure! Isn't that right, Melissa?!
What have he told you about making up angel stories?!
If we want to serve agnostic beverages in this house, then by Goddish we'll do it! The children you've sent here are undisciplined and talking about the certainty of angels! 
Come on now! This is not the way we told you to tidy up! Remember? Cleanliness is next to godliness, so make it kind of clean but not too much! Amanda! More ambiguous on the dusting!  Kenneth, answer the door! 
HEY! We do not take the Lord's name in vain in this house, just in case there is one! Do you understand, or do you need the punishment room?!
What in the name of nobody knows are you doing, Karen?! 
Get down to the basement, all of you! It's time for the Punishment Room! 
And if this food comes as a gift from some divine intelligence, we understand that an intelligent being cannot blame us for questioning its existence. Nobody knows, nobody can know if any deity is watching over us. Amen.
