Most of them are very nice. But, apparently, one of you thinks it's fun to spoil their school pictures , and thinks he's a comedian. That person will be spending the afternoon in the principal's office!

Yes, that's now fine.

Oh alright Butters. Take the bathroom pass and go.  Okay, so for instance, children-

Alright, children, we are all sending a dollar to the kids in Afghanistan! That's it! End of discussion!

Alright girls, even though this may be stuff you don't want to hear, you need to hear it.

"Uuh! Ah, you will do them or else you'll be in very big trouble!"

Mr. Garrison, you knew how to reach these kids! You're my only hope!

It's your turn. 

One of them is mentally handicapped, for Christ's sake!

Wow, I've... never met a man who is... as sexually unappealing as me.

Okay, why don't you go ahead and take a seat, Kyle? 

My new students are the most misbehaved, illiterate, brain-dead group of children I have ever come across!

What in God's name happened to him?

Concentration is the key to succeeding in my class.

Why?! Where did he go?!

And, nobody has found him?

No? Oh, oh well. Never mind. I've got a backup one in the desk.  Okay, today children, we're gonna learn about multiplying times five.

They sure are, Wendy, and that's why we must learn what's inside them.  Now, we don't have quite enough  manatees to go around, so I think we're gonna have to split up into groups of four. 

Oh, I'll find him! Even if I have to climb up  and up  and up!

Well, well, well! I'd say somebody has some explaining to do!

Eric, I mean it!

Alright, continue with the removal of the spleen, children. I'll be right back. 

Principal Victoria, I would like a word! 

Something about how nerve endings play an important part in intercourse. 

Oh, alrighty.  What the? Why there's nothing in here but an exit to the other side!  There's nothing in here at all. ...Oh, and I actually thought my mental demons would be in here.  Wait a minute. Maybe there's not supposed to be anything in here. Maybe I'm supposed to see that I alone do have the strength to reach the kids!  I think I get it now! 

Oh Good Gravy, not this again.

Now, let us begin our first-day exam.  SILENCE!

Alright, class, I have your school photos to hand out-

Play time is over, children! Do you understand me?!  I don't know how your last teacher behaved, but this is the fourth grade!  And it is time to go to work!

Oh well, fuck it  Oh God, give it to me! 

Yes, but only in the figurative noun form or the adjective form

We got so caught up in the little things of Christmas, like love and family that... we almost forgot it's buying things that makes our economy thrive.

What lives inside?

Okay, good job, Butters. You get a check.

Alright, class, let's take our seats.  Now, uh, before we get started, Stan and Kyle? Uh, the principal needs to see you in her office.

Oh dear.

I HAVE HAD IT!!!

But I need help reaching these kids! I have nothing but the highest expectations for them. And with  God as my witness-

Eric, for the love of God. 

Alright, children, in lieu of the common usage, I'm s'posed to clarify the school's position on the word, "shit".

All right, children, before we get started, has anybody seen the eraser for the chalkboard?  It probably got knocked on the floor somewhere. Can you all just please look around your desks for it? 

Alright, Token, you're next. 

Did I what?

And I know you'll all be very nice to our new student.  Kyle, why don't you tell us a little about yourself?

Alright, students, that will be quite enough! If you're ready, let's continue on... with the fourth grade. 

...Kindergarten.

Children! Children, come back here!

What?

What are you doing?!

Your nickname?

Boys, watch your language! Shit!

I'm sorry, Kyle. You'll just have to make do.  Now let's get back to the le-

Or the... shaft... of the penis? 

Okay children, step off the bus and form a group next to the nice redneck - I mean, rancher.

Now let's get on with our lesson on the-

Pre-sent them?

Okay. Whose project should we look at next? How aboouuut Eric?  Eric Cartman?

She needs to see you now! 

Oh, hold on.  Now, children, our first incision will be along the abdomen.

For the rest of you, I think your pictures turned out very nicely.

Now, whenever we multiply a number times five, the result is going to end in a zero or a five.

Alright class, as some of you may have heard, the President has asked that American children all send one dollar to the children of Afghanistan.  So I have a list of addresses and we're goin' to all chip in.

I'm ready. I'm not afraid.

Children, get back into your seats!

These children are out of control! I must speak with their last year's teacher, Mr. Garrison! 

Just go, Butters.  Okay, so for instance, five times one is... what, Eric?

Well, back to the lesson plan, then.

Now, get back to your desk and write a thousand-word essay on why you feel you need to disrupt my class.

Alright, children, I hope you all did your homework last night. Please pass your papers up to the frontuh.

The heads of the Earth Day Brainwashing organization are here to tell you all about it. 

This is the fourth grade! You need to grow up! 

Well, young man, I hope you have a good explanation for this.

Let's all say hello to Rancher Bob.

Sit down, boys.

Well, I think people are just fed up with the crowded shopping and the credit-card bills, uh.  I, I think that the holiday just has become a joke.

Today over 20,000 Americans will contract a sexual disease! TODAY! Twelve thousand more tomorrow! And the reason is that you girls wake up in the morning and say, "It's not going to happen to me." You say, "Oh, Ms. Choksondik, that happens to girls in Detroit, in Brooklyn, but not here in Colorado." WRONG!  Gonorrhea, herpes, chlamydia, HPV, HIV, syphilis, hepatitis B, hepatitis C, the list goes on and on! These are serious diseases! They have serious consequences!  You think that sex is about fun and games and love?  Wrong! Sex is about disease! Here's a little picture of herpes.

Well, I'm quite happy without sex. I mean, with all the diseases and problems out there, who needs it, right?

Fun! It's going to be fun! Well let's start with our first lesson, then, shall we?  SEXUALLY TRANSMITTED DISEASES!!  That's right, because unless you get boys to wear condoms you can and will get a sexually transmitted disease from them! How fun is that, hmmm?! Is that fun?

Very very good, Token. You get a check plus.

Hey! That kid took my last eraser!  Come back here, kid! 

Alright, children, as I'm sure you all remember, today we are going to continue our biology lesson... dissecting an organism.

You know very well my name isn't Chokesonrocks, it's Choksondik! Say it right or you can go to the principal's with Butters!

Oh.

Siddown. 

Do you touch yourself?

What did you say?!

Five... times...  one.

People can be very cruel. Anyway, I know it's hard to understand.

I'm going to teach these kids the wonders of the world, so that they can reach the top!  I hope that sometime very soon you will let me in on what happened to this Mr. Garrison! And with that I will bid you good day!

Now, what we are going to dissect today is the West Indian manatee.  Manatees are mammals that live in the oceans and are often called the gentle clowns of the sea.

School photos aren't for joking around, so you aren't getting your photo back, Butters! 

Eric, the Afghan people need our help!

Why, yes. The nerve endings are the most concentrated at- the- tip of the penis. Like they are in the...  clitoris of the woman.

You said, "suck my balls." Well, go ahead. Whip 'em out, and I'll suck 'em.

...Right.

No??

Oh my God. Oh God, yeah! Stop! Stop!

Present them. 

I said, pass your papers to the fronteh!

Alright, children, let's settle down. As you know, this coming Friday is Earth Day.  and I'm pleased to announce that the national Earth Day organization has chosen South Park as its location for the Earth Day Brainwashing Festival.

NOW Eric!

Well, if you must know, I'm still somewhat of a virgin.  But I'm not ashamed of it! I wasn't sought after much in high school or college.  I was made fun of most of my life for having such large glasses.  The only boyfriend I ever had was this attractive popular boy named Steven Garrett. I liked him very much, but I... found out that he was dating me because he lost a bet on the Super Bowl. The loser had to go out with me for three days.

You just put that thing together just now! I'm giving you a check minus.

Okay.  "Oral Sex"

Well we should make sure our students are good and scared of the consequences. We have to teach them that diseases are possible even with just oral sex.

Kyle, we're taking pictures without hats today!

Sexual stimulation.  Oh, is this wrong?

Do you want me?

It's just too bad these girls are having sex so young.

I'm afraid this is all my fault. I... think I went a little overboard scaring the girls. I forgot to tell them that to get diseases from boys you... have to have sex with them first.

I knew it! Well, at least we scared them enough to protect themselves. But now maybe you'll believe me when I say that we need to be teaching even younger than fourth grade.

Using your mouth on the penis or vagina.

You can only use it in the non-literal sense. For instance,  "That's a shitty picture of me." is now fine. Hoever, the literal noun form of  "This is a picture of shit." is still naughty. 

Oh, it's no problem, Mr. Mackey. It's probably best we come up with a lesson plan together anyway.

Girls! Girls! Where are you going?! 

Children, I will have order!!

That's right, girls. Here's what happens when you don't get boys to use condoms!

And here's a little syphilis for you!

The one in the wheelchair! Look, I would like to have a talk with their last year's teacher! Who was it? Mr. Uh-heh, Garrison?! 

Haawww. Haawww.

Yes, unfortunately the school seems to be completely out of extra desks. So you'll just have to share with your cousin.

I'm sorry, boys, but nothing's more important than Earth Day.

Alright, children, I hope you all did your-  Oowhat is going on now?! 

Now, children, listen to me. Why do you want to go back in time? Life isn't about going back, it's about going forward. Yes, there are times in our life that we wish we could relive, but, if we already lived them perfectly, why live them again? The adventure of life is that there's always something new. New challenges, new experiences. A fun game is a game that gets harder as it goes. So it is with life. Do you understand?

Now Kyle, I need you to be quiet. In my class you need to be able to concentrate.

The adjective form is now also acceptable. For example:  "The weather outside is shitty." However, the literal adjective is not appropriate. For example:  "My bad diarrhea made the inside of the toilet bowl shitty, and I had to clean it with a rag, which then also became shitty."  That's right out!

Your mother is waiting for you in the principal's office. 

I've already gone through that with the girls.  It's pretty simple. Do you wanna drink?

Naive at what cost, Chef? Parents, we have to face facts: Children in America are having sex at younger and younger ages. STDs are affecting younger and younger kids all the time. The only way we can combat that is by educating children before they have sex.

"Children, we are now going to do math problems."

Did you feel something?

Alright girls. Yesterday we went over the myriad of diseases you can get from boys, but today we're going to talk about the most horrible they can give you of all.  PREGNANCY!  That's right, since you girls have decided to be sexually active, teen pregnancy is at an all-time high! You seem to think it's gonna be fun and neat to have a baby-well, let's watch a little video, shall we?! 

Hello-oo-ooo.  Oh, what am I doing? I'm gonna get myself killed.  Is anyone here?  Mister? Mr. Garrison?

Yeah? What do you do when you think about me?

...Done.

He's right. I never knew how special and personal sex was un... until just recently.

Very good, Timmy.

Butters, did you see another little kid run out of here?

Woh.  Ooh, that's it baby! That's it!

Who are you?

