There are still people who will look at us funny. That think we're supposed to be together.
That's not a blinding device, Dad. It's fluorescent lighting.
Yeah. Well, it turns out an agency doesn't really do anything for you.  I'm trying to work my way back home.
What the hell is wrong with you?! Why are you all here listening to this?!
Well it was only our first show of the season, so you really can't-
This game is too confusing. How about we have a snowball fight?
This isn't a poem. It doesn't even rhyme.
Wow, my plan to get rich people here sure did work. Hey, I got a great idea! Let's all pack some lunches and go sledding.
If you know of a way, wizard, then speak.
They do. But, I guess I learned something today. You see, even though kids at South Park make fun of me, I still like hanging around them more than snobby rich kids or, lions. Even though I may be different from them, I still like my old friends best.
Yeah, well, you know, I did a little shopping at J mart.
Whoa, I'm not braggin' on myself, babyBut I'm the one who loves youAnd there's no one else! No-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh one else.
I also printed out the results on my color printer. Here you are, Ms. Choksondik. 
... (you're gonna miss my lovin')I know you're gonna my lovin' (you're gonna miss my lovin')You're gonna miss, you're gonna miss my lo-o-ove.
Something like... a documentary. You know, follow Cartman around, with a video camera, and then get all his bullshit on television.
Oh... Hey guys.  What, what are you doin' here?
Yeah, you said you had a startup company and that school was for douchebags.
Come on! Hurry up!  Hey, what are you guys doin'?
But she's not black, Kyle. She's white.  The bar is determined by society, Kyle. And it's not something that can just be raised up.  Not by us, or anyone else.
I just wanna be like all the other kids in South Park. Please, Mom and Dad, please. 
Wait! I liked being ripped on for being rich better! 
You made everyone think I'm a fucking Patient Zero!
Well, yeah, but can't we just play without these uncomfortable uniforms? 
"If I could be Bebe."  "If I was Bebe I would have lots of friends because I would be sooo great. I would make people smile and think wherever I went."
And motivation for a crime shouldn't affect the sentencing.
Why the hell did you tell us to dress nice to take us out here?
That's the alarm; someone's in the back yard.
...And this is the room where my mom and dad keep their original v-Van Gogh painting.
Yeah, what we need is something to raise awareness.
You'll never find...As long as you live...Someone who loves you...Tender like I do...
No tornadoes, Eric, but interestingly enough, there is a low-pressure storm moving in over the Park County Valley. Should bring us some chilly days ahead. 
And why does standing your ground not apply to fucking white people?!
No, because there's a spring in there, and if I pull the gum out, it's gonna hurt my finger.
It may be a mistake, but you don't understand how it feels when that word comes up. So don't say it isn't a big deal.
How do you know? None of us had ever had any drugs before.
Hello, my name is Token. I don't fit in with all the kids at South Park Elementary so, I invited a bunch of rich kids to move to town. The problem is, I don't fit in with them, either. That's why I've come to live with you.  So if you'll have me and raise me as one of your own, I promise to be the best lion I could be.  Uuuh, yeah.
That doesn't mean I can just be fine.
Mom? Dad? Why do we have a bigger house than everybody else in South Park? 
This is my room! I'll take the remote from you!
I don't know, I don't wanna know. I'm out. 
Oh, come on, guys. You have to see what a huge opportunity this is for me.
We were at why I should give you ten percent.
Yes. Um. Great Aslan. I don't fit in anywhere else.
Yeah. Now that it's over, I.. I guess it was kind of fun. 
Yeah. We need a leader like Bebe. She can teach us all so much.
If somebody kills somebody, it's a crime. But if someone kills somebody of a different color, it's a hate crime.
...And when the woman has four penises in her at the same time, then stands over the men and pees on them, is that part of being in love too?  Five midgets, spanking a man... covered in Thousand Island dressing. Is that making love?
Jesse Jackson, is not the emperor, of black people! 
I can remember... exactly where I was... the first time I saw Honey Boo Boo. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. A shameful, fat family eating white trash food to their death. And then I saw what network it was on: The Learning Channel.  If they can feel okay about that, why can't I?
Jimmy and Eric, it looks like a massive snow storm is headed South Park's way. I asked my dad last night and he said that he heard the snow storm is expected on Tuesday. Guys?
Why can't I be like all the other kids?
They all have three-bedroom homes, broken trucks on their lawns.
And cut-up hot dogs for lunch
It's not my fault my parents succeed so much.
There's no one in town I can relate to.
I play with autographed baseball bats
while everyone else just plays with sticks and pine cones
Has a boy ever felt so alone?
Well, who needs them anyway? I won't pretend to be something I'm not
If I can't be poor, I've got to deal with what I've got.
If I can't be like them, what I need is more rich kids around,
So I'm not the only one, and then I won't be so... down.
Please, God, send more rich kids...
To my...
Town
I admit nothing! Maybe Irene lied to you!
Come on!  Hey look: there pants are only five bucks apiece. They must really suck. What do ya think?
Yeah! We should make up a bunch of reports about how dangerous it is to be alive.
... I don't want the code name Blackie.
I am not scared. I'll go inside and watch the tape,  just for a few seconds. If I do not return in two minutes, send a party in after me.  The fate of Middle-earth... is in my hands. 
The cough companies claim they don't intend for their product to be used by kids to get high! But one look at the packaging tells otherwise.  Theradryl DM. For kids.  Dexa Cough, children's formula.
This Christian album better make as much money as you said it would, tubby!
Pluto is also the furthest planet from the sun, though scientists believe more planets lie beyond it. I hope you enjoyed my report on the Solar System. Thank you. 
Good job, dickhead! You lost the entire audience!
I don't wanna be rich anymore! I wanna eat macaroni and cheese for dinner and, and wear clothes from J mart!
You- you talked. I, I understood you. I must be becoming a lion!
Using my laptop computer, I hooked into the Internet and found a meteorology Web site.  I donwloaded the data, and with my dad's video projector, I can show you the graph I made of predictable weather patterns over the next three months. 
Thanks, everyone. Please tell me that you'll never do that again, Jimmy.
Why the hell would I be looking way over there??
Yeah! And with Cartman's enormously fat ass, the boys are sure to win!
If you really think it's not a big deal, then you really are ignorant. That's all. I'm not "fighting" anybody. 
Yeah. I'm sorry too. I'll see you around. 
But you spent all the money we made!
Don't worry. It's gonna be okay. We've got water, and, and maybe somebody even left some food laying around. Come on. 
Hey, there was a bass guitar in my basement.
You're a guest here! Your mom isn't in charge!
Yeah, I was watching with my whole family. And then we saw all the replays this morning in the news.
Yeah. Did Kyle bring a thousand years of darkness or not?
I have every reason to be mad! You just don't get it!
When was the last guy you had a manicure, straight man? 
Oh I see, so I'm supposed to feel all better now.
It doesn't matter, Mom. They're poor people pants.
All the kids at school made fun of me today because I'm rich.
Yeah, I know. But you guys always rip on me for bein' rich.
You're right, guys. From now on, I'm fine with being made fun of for being rich.
And I am Black Chaku,  with the power of perfect spelling!
No, but you can't just pretend it never happened either!
At least then we'd be voicing our concern. I mean, if you think about it, we should feel some shame for... complaining about it and not doing anything.
Will you stop changing channels and just pick something?
Uh, well, actually it is kind of a big deal, Stan.
That's not fair! Cartman's ass is so fat he makes your sled go faster!
Hey, tell you what: if you wanna follow Cartman around, and get a video of him, I'll pay to make it into a documentary, and get it on the air.
Alright, that's enough!  You think I should feel bad for you because of the Trayvon Martin verdict?!
