In his room. But, why don't I show you the rest of the house first? 
I know that the NSA is torturing Santa, sweetie. But they're keeping us safe.
Oh, well, I'm not sure. Actually, Eric is still supposed to be grounded for trying to exterminate the Jews two weeks ago.
Well, some more of your little friends are here to play with you. 
That shouldn't be a problem. Eric's Grandma is right near the mall.
Yes, darling. You can have whatever you want. 
Eric, you're just going to have to be patient. 
Right, because it will hybrid with all those other processors and generate a whole new era of technological darkness.
No, sweetie, the Chinese aren't going to get you.
Eric, why would you do such a thing?
Great-grandma has a bladder problem. This helps her out.
Oh, my. The tooth fairy will have to give you a big surprise for losing two teeth in two days.
Oh, no. Quite the contrary. Eric showed up and surprised me last night. Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to present to you... the new Eric Cartman. 
...And so you see, Congressman O'Reilly, that's why I think abortion laws should be changed.
Eric, the day I met your father it was like - magic! It was a beautiful autumn night when the aspen trees were turning, at the Twelfth Annual Drunken Barn Dance. 
Cartman. Yesuh- it's such a hard decision, but I just don't feel I can raise a child in this screwy world.
...And it has basketball courts and tennis courts, and you can call Mommy any time you want.  Oh, sweetie-kins, don't be mad. I'm sure you're going to have a good time. And when you come back you'll be all healthy and thin. 
Oh, there there, sweetie. It'll be okay. These things happen.
Oh, he will. My little poopsiekins is a very good little boy.
Oh, why yes he did. I thought you were dead, Sharon.
Oh. Eric, poopie, sit down.  Mommy has something to tell you. It's just that- well, there is no tooth fairy, Eric. I've been putting all that money under your pillow, and because you got so many teeth fall out, I've actually run out of money and can't go to the grocery store for at least a month.
Oohh, honey, why don't you make it yourself?  Mommy's  expecting  some company.
Oh Cesar, I'm so happy to have you in my life. 
It's going to be okay, baby. We're going to get you more time.
I asked little Eric where he would feel safest, and he said with his friend Token.
Eric, please. We have to do some studying today.
Eric, how would you like to go with me to see Madame Butterfly Friday night?
It's almost bedtime. If you sleep then time'll go by faster.
But Eric, I think maybe the tooth fairy wants you to use that money to learn about saving.
Oh, I'm sorry, but I really don't think I can afford this.
No, you don't have to fly to Russia, hon.
Oh, thank you so much for coming. Please come in. 
Eric dear? I just got a call from your friend Kyle's mother. She said that this show is naughty, and might make you a potty mouth.
Oh, you're sounding just like your old self again.
Stanley told me you had passed on. I'm glad to see that you're better.
Well, then. I know a certain kitty-kitty who's sleeping with Mommy tonight.
Ohh, it's a little late, sweetie. Why don't you boys just keep playing downstairs?
Don't be difficult, Eric! Now, you go out and play in the fun snow.
Yes. Every time somebody gets a birthday present Eric gets one too.  Otherwise, he gets a little upset.
Mr. Pharmacist, this Ritalin doesn't have any side effects, does it?
She talked with her son and says he doesn't have it.
Eric, we're almost to Frisco. Why don't we go to the Church's Fried Chicken there?
Sure, hon. You want some Cheesy Poofs, too?
And don't get too close to Kyle. He looks like he might have the AIDS. 
You can have an eensy weensy bit, can't you?
I'm back, hon. I got some more calamine lotion. 
Your friends and I have all chipped in and we're going to send you up to a weight-management retreat.
And I know it can get scary up in those woods, but just remember, mommy's not far away. 
The KFC in Salida is a long way away, sweetie. Be patient.
Look what I did, Eric. I learned how to make Sumie paintings. I had almost forgotten how artistic I was.
Wait. Wait.  Who is that?  Chief... could you excuse me for a minute?
Believe it. He lost 40 pounds at his fat camp. 
Oh dear.
Dr. Doctor:
But I'm more concerned about his state of mind. Your son appears to be completely insane.
Eric, stop acting like a spoiled brat! You can either have the Toshiba Handibook or you can have nothing at all!
But, honey, it's only September. That...  Nintendo Wii doesn't come out for two months.
I know. I know he's out of control. But... you don't know what it's like.  I'm sorry. It's just that... he seems to get worse every day.  He just never listens.
Eric, snookums! it's time for Mommy to tuck you into your snuggleboat for night-night.  Eric, are you out there in your clubhouse?
Why hello there. I don't think I've seen you around before. 
Thank you so much for babysitting little Eric, Shelly.
Oh I never saw him after that. Ah-I wasn't really that interested in him.
Oh, you've been so helpful, I uh, just don't know how to thank you.
Be sure to use lots of bug spray, and if you have to poo-poo, don't wipe with poison ivy. 
No no no, that's impossible, hon. I told her: no visitors.
There you are, Eric. What are you doing here?
Oh, heck. I haven't even started yet. He-he.  I baked cookiees; would anybody like one?! 
Oh, I just can't stand to see my baby suffer
You are, hon, but... I don't think that's a very good idea. 
Sweetie, there's a Mr. Pun Li Tsiao on the phone for you?
I mean, what right do I have bringing another child into this overpopulated world? Then again, I should've thought of that before having sex. then againuh-- Oh, I just don't know...
Oh. Well, I'll tell Eric. He's just down in the basement playing with his dolls. 
Well, it's my son. He's lost a lot of his baby teeth, and I was starting to get worried.
It's the Toilet Safety Administration, hun. They're gonna do something to the potty.
Well, we're in a tough economy, Eric. I don't know what else you want me to do about it.
Oh, I should tell my son the truth about everything myself. Good day, Mr. President. 
Okay, muffin. Mommy's leaving now. You do what the babysitter tells you, okay?
Eric, we aren't that much poorer than most people.
Not really, hon.  Mom has to go now! I'll be home in about an hour!  Oh! Oh, Mr. Mackey!
Oh, a- a- all right, sweetie, I- I'll take you tomorrow.
I know you're in a very dark place now, sweetie. But you must come toward the light! Come toward the light!
Well, I'm letting Eric go to the camp. I mean, it seems to me this Chinpokomon thing is just another harmless fad.
These are Eric's friends: Stan, Kyle, and Kenny. Boys, let me introduce you to the Cartman family. This is Uncle Stinky.
Come on, sweetie. Doctor says you need to get home and get lots of rest.
Not too much, hon. It says on the bottle that too much can be bad.
Oh, that's so sweet. Oh, I love you too, poopiekins! 
Yes they are, but you were supposed to be grounded in your room! And now you're more grounded, young man!
Just use a little bit of that stuff, hon. It has to last a while.
Here, look at this one. A Toshiba Handibook.
Oh my goodness, I had no idea.  Are you okay, sweetie?
What do you say, champ? Think you can tough it out?
Oh dear. I don't know what else to do about my son's behavioral problems. We've been through every nanny reality show on television.
Now you be careful, Eric. The woods can be very dangerous.
Come on, Eric. Let's try to battle your Roostor with my Donkeytron.
Tucky tucky time, it's the best time of the night.
Oh, you've finally come back! It's a miracle!
You have nothing to worry about in school tomorrow. Mrs. Broflovski assured me that Kyle doesn't have the picture.
Oh, oh, my goodness no. I haven't used drugs in quite a while.
Oooo, looks like the tooth fairy was extra-happy with youuu. 
It doesn't seem to work as well when I do it.
Well, I think you need to keep your laws off of my body.
Wheat. The building block of your favorite foods, and, Nebraska's principal source of economic productivity. You see, when Nebraska first became--
No, sweetie, I've been at the hair salon. Why?
Yes. Fifteen of them in one night. Perhaps he should switch toothpaste?
Oh, but I suppose it would be good for him. Yes, of course he can go. I'll bring some of clothes over.
No, honey, Mommy's gotta save her throat. I have to work tonight.
Oh wait, wait.  You've got a little eye booger, hon.
Do you see that, Sheila? The Williamses are shopping here.
It's not him, it's you, Eric.  I don't know what to do with you.
Oh, I've told him to respect people's property. What did he take?
Stop crying, Eric! I told you if you kept acting up, you weren't getting anything!
Thank you so much for allowing Eric and I to stay here.
Aunt Lisa, Cousin Fred, Cousin Alexandra , Fat Bob, Jimmy , and great-grandma Florence. 
Oh, Eric, it's just part of being a child.
There you are, Eric! Come on, we have to go to the eye doctor.
Eric, you have a little visitor. Is that all right? 
The best part is I'm not letting him boss me around anymore. I could have never come out and have a nice lunch on a Saturday afternoon with a friend before.
It's okay, Eric. I'll have a talk with Kyle's mother.
Oh, but my poor little poopsie must be getting so hungry. Maybe we should get them a little food.
Oh, that sounds fine. I'm going to a meteor shower party. The number where I'll be is on the refrigerator. Eric's nookie time is 9 o'clock sharp. If his little woogums get cold, you can turn up the heat over here. And if he gets cranky, just play tummy-rub-rubs with him, and make sure he wipes good after he makes bears.
Oh my God! Eric! Eric,  Mommy's here. Sweetie?  Oh, what's wrong with him?
You have to see the eye doctor, Eric.
Well, Eric, there's nothing more I can do about it.
Come on, Chef! Haven't you ever heard of a manage o'three?
Oh it's so good to have you acting like yourself again, sweetie.
Eric, I talked to you about beating up your friends, didn't I?
Here, I made you powdered donut pancake surprise.
Well, that's exactly what I intend to do. Good day! 
My little Eric can sometimes be a bit... dramatic. 
Oh, yes. When I was a child, my mother had me go over to a little girl's house who had the chickenpox, just so I would get it.
Eric, I got you a new history textbook. Why don't you come downstairs.
Eric, if you don't want to eat then, why don't you go brush your teeth and go to bed?!
Eric honey, time to get up for school. 
Come on. Do you want your laser corrective surgery or not?
Oooh, I'm gonna decorate the house for Halloween,
with scary ghosts and bats and creepy crawly things...
Hello there!
Yes, but they said two weeks off was enough, and they want everyone back.
And then I saw him. He was the most beautiful, charming piece of ass I'd ever seen in South Park. His name... was Chief Running Water.  I don't recall exactly how the rest of the night went, but the next morning I was pregnant with you, my little blueberry muffin.
Here we go, kids. We're crossing the state line into Nebraska. 
This year is gonna be different. Look!  I got you "Hooked On Monkey Fonics." 
This party is very loud, boopy-kins. You'll have to speak up.
Hello, everybody.  Now, just do it like we rehearsed, hon.
Uh sweetie, I see that you're a little... disturbed right now, but, maybe you can-
I'm sorry, Eric. All children find out sooner or later.
Oh, hello boys. Have you seen Eric around anywhere?
Now, Eric, let's try to get out of that grumpy mood before we get to Grandma's.
Over the meadow and through the woods
I made some healthy tofu pudding to celebrate. Who wants some?
Eric, did you say 'hi' to your little cousin Elvin?
Eric, I'm working two jobs. Mommy's doing everything she can.
Eric, you have to come home. You can't just wait here for that game to come out.
Sweetie, your friends are downstairs. They need to see you.
Don't you see, Governor? I should have a right to have an abortion if I want one.
Oh, he's amazing. I think the change in personality happened. He's doing things for himself now, and he seems to be accepting it. I've lost a best friend, but I've gained a son.
Oh. Well. Would you like some beetles for breakfast? 
Oh no uh- I didn't mean that. I meant the other thing you can do-what's that other A word?
Uhoh, Thanksgiving's still a couple of weeks away, sweetie. I haven't gone shoppies yet.
Well, I certainly won't buy him anymore, then... Bill. 
Ooo, he loves playing with his Clyde Frog and Wellington Bear.
Hello, kiddies. I made you all powdered doughnut pancake surprise.
Oh. Ah, I'm white trash and I'm in trouble.
I'm sorry I never told you, Eric.  I just thought, maybe it would be a little shocking to you.
Excuse me, shouldn't we wait for everyone to arrive before we get started?
You're the best, Cesar, and to show my gratitude I've got two tickets for you and me to see Madame Butterfly this Friday night.
Uh, sweetie, your friends wanted to have a "talk" with you.
And sometimes the man puts his who-who-dilly in the woman's cha-cha. 
Eric, don't you realize you could've seriously injured your little friend?
Oh, all right. I was just at the store buying some apples.
Well, why don't you get ready for snoogums' night-night, and I'll bring you some toasty chocolate nummers?
If you're really sorry, then you'll understand why you aren't getting anything!
Good night.  What do you have there, Eric?
Here hon, I packed you some cheesy poofs and happy tarts.
Oh no, thank you so much for your time. 
But I just don't think I'm a fit mother.
Sweetie, let the nice firemen do their job.
Eric? Sweetie, are you having nightmares about the Chinese again?
Hu-old on, dear, let me check.  Hon, I made beefy logs.  I made Cookie Dings.  No, he's not here.
There's just one problem: he still fights me every step of the way. I feel like he's doing what I tell him, but that inside he's still the same angry spoiled child.
Well, I've got an idea. We could sing.
Oh, he's been amazing, Cesar. He got an A on his last spelling test and a B+ in history. He's losing weight and he's doing what I tell him.
This says it does everything the iPad does, at half the price.
My little sunshine has a temper sometimes, but he's not all bad.
Ooh, sweetums, did you laugh too hard again?
Eric, you do not beat up your friends! And I told you I've had it with your language!  Your punishment is that your friends will just play superheroes without you! Go to your room!
Well, Sheila, we can't shelter our boys forever from these things. Maybe it's okay for them to see an adult film.
Well, then, now you should take that money and open up a savings account that has compounded daily interest.
Then why did you go outside to a police officer and say "Help! Help! My mommy is trying to fuck me!"?
Oh, Chief. I want your hot man chowder.
Go ahead, snookums. It's probably one of your little friends.
I love you very much, poopsiekins. You're Mommy's sunshine. 
Hon, are you ready for some math problems?
It's the most wonderful time of the year
do do do do do do do do-
That's okay, Eric, I think you need to go spend time with your little friends.
Oh, I'm so glad to hear it, Mrs. Stotch. Eric has been having some emotional problems lately.
Oh, hello sweetie. What did you do today?
You made me look like some sort of child molester in front of all those people!
It's a new way to learn how to read and spell. And it comes with everything you need to help win that spelling bee.  It says we just put the cassette into a tape player 
Ooooh, he's just been feeling under the weather. Maybe you boys can cheer him up. He's in the backyard.
Now Eric, this has gone far enough!  You need to learn to be patient!
Hang in there, sweetie. We'll be there soon.
Eric? Poopsiekins?  Eric?  Honey, maybe that's enough computer time. It's been about nineteen hours now.  I know you said not to disturb you with your new toy, but Mommy thought maybe you needed to eat?  All right, I'll just leave it here, hon.  I'm turning in for the night. Mommy loves you.
Is he going to be all right, doctor??
Hehh, it doesn't look like our protest is working.
Ooohh, hhmmm . Wwell - yyou see, Eric, sometimes when a man and a woman are... attracted to each other , they want to be... close to each other.
Eric, I promise you, I didn't do anything to your favorite toy. Whoever did this to you, I hate them as much as you do, and I'd do anything to get to the bottom of it.
Eric?  It must be his time. I think it's running out!
Boopie-kins.  It's time to stop preaching damnation to everyone, sweetie. 
It's too far and your parents want you back home.
Mmmm-my, how exciting. Would you care to... put your tongue in my mouth?
Nnno, I got you something that's going to help you win the big spelling bee tomorrow.
It started about four days ago, Doctor, and every day he seems to get worse.
I guess it's much better to get it when you're young.
Oh... But I thought we were becoming friends.
Sweetie, Bill Gates is on the phone for you.
Oh well, no TV for him for a few days.
We've learned to overcome it, son. You'll see.
Sweetie, you really can just talk to me if you-
He said he's hungry. What should I do?
No, it will be fine. How about I make you some hot tea with lemon and codeine?
But the person at Unplanned Parenthood said you were who I had to talk to about changing the law.
Eric, sweetie, there's um, some people here to see you.
Eric, I want you to go upstairs and brush your teeth. Then I'll be up to read you a story before bed.  Oh my goodness. I can't believe it.
Oohh, you look great, hon. Mommy's fat little piggy.
Doctor! Did you find out what's wrong with him?
I think we need to get you a different brand, hon. They're a little cheaper.
Oh! And don't mind the cat. She's just being loud because she's in heat.
Well, what's a nice, handsome, black  man like yourself doing in a pit like South Park?
I just, I- I'm gonna go make you kids some lemonade. 
All right, are you little munchkins buckled up for safety?
Well, what if I took you to Kentucky Fried Chicken afterward?  And then we'll go to Target and buy you a Mega Ranger.
Oh, my little poopsie-kins gets into no-nos once in a while, but he's still my perfect little plumsy-kiddle
Oooh, what should I do? I'm playing roulette with my child's life!  Ooo wait, Hairspray is showing in New York, isn't it? Let's go there.
Eric, where have you been? It's ten thirty.
You're very sweet. Thank you again. Come on, muffin. 
Oh my! She must think that you are a very special little muffin.
Are you sure this is what you want, sweetie?
