They're not rocks. They're seer stones, given to me by an angel. With them, God allowed me to translate the plates into English. Watch. You take this quill and paper and write down what I say. Sit here.  I have the golden plates here in this hat. I need to have them somewhere dark so I can read the spiritual light.
I would love to, Martin, except, I just had a vision. And the Lord said he's very angry with me for letting you take those pages.
Oh. Oh, well, I... was not allowed to take them. You see, after I found the plates, the angel Moroni appeared to me again and said that I am not allowed to show the plates, or the seer stones, to anybody. Because first I must translate what's written on the plates into English, so you can all read it!
Ooo, I'm seeing the light. Oh, okay. Write this down. "And... so... it... was... that... Christ... appeared before... the... Nephites."
This must be the Gospel that Jesus told the Nephites!
A...  Native American?  But your skin is white.
I found them! I found them!  You're not gonne believe it, everybody! I found them!
Well, they were the most amazing things I'd ever gazed upon.
Now, when I put the seer stones into the hat, the ancient letter light up and change into English, which I can then read to you.
Yes. He is so mad that he will never let me translate from the plate of Lehi again. He's... we must now translate from the plate of Nephi. So it will be the same basic story, but written a little differently.
Maybe there isn't anything out here.  Wait a tick!  What's this?  Wow...
It's true. And I'm going to translate the plates and publish it into a book for the whole world to read. Now, ahah-I know you have a lot of money, Mr. Harris, and I'm just gonna need a little bit to pay for the publishing costs.
Inside the stone box, I found the magical seer stones. Under that, I found four gold plates written in strange writing .
And please bless Mother and Father, and please keep our bellies full of yum-yums and luscious goodies.  AAAHH!  Oh my gosh!
I have, in my possession, an ancient book written on gold plates that tells of Jesus Christ's second coming. Here, in America.
Last night, a Native America angel told me where I could find another testament of Jesus Christ, so I went out to the woods. I dug around all morning where the angel had told me to look. 
