Uh-huh. Uh-huh, that's right

Aw right. Everyone knows who I am! I wanna know how this got started!

Alright, that does it! I'm gonna kick your motherfuckin' ass! 

What do you mean, I don't get it, House?! I'm a genius. I'll understand it, I just need to break it down is all. Now let's see...  Somethin' about fishsticks... interacting with me... makes me gay fish.

No I'm not- AAAARGH! 

I ain't gonna hurt you. I pay people to do that for me.

Yeah.

Just doesn't make any sense, yo. Why is everyone calling me a gay fish?

You're just sayin' that now 'cause you're scared.

Get my jet ready. Looks like we got another inning to play. 

Sorry, sorry, that's okay. I've been jelly before too. I'm sorry.

Love 'em!

He's right. For so long I've considered myself God's gift to the world that I couldn't take it when people made fun of me. But they weren't makin' fun of me. They were tryin' to help me.  Boys I understand what you did now.  Untie them guys. I know what I have to do.

It's time for me to stop runnin'. I need to believe what people tell me.  Let all my fans know I love 'em, but a gay fish just can't live in the outside world forever. Don't be sad for me guys!  I'm goin' home! 

Yes.

Sorry, hold up, I'm sorry, it's okay. Hold up, hold on, I'm sorry.

Tie up these motherfuckers!  Now I'm gonna ask you motherfuckers one more time: why did you start these rumors about me?!

Is it perhaps that I'm fashionable, and fishsticks are crunchy?

You hear that? No gills! So I can't be a fish. And I'm a genius voice of a generation so I'm not gay! So that is that! Alright?! It's over! Now are there any questions?

Hey man, I'm a genius, alright?! I'm the most talented musician in the world! If I was a homosexual, or a fish, I would know!

Yes.

Yeah, I like fishsticks

Found who?

Now, explain it to me. Why do people think I'm a gay fish?

Alright hold up! Hold up! I'm sorry pope, but hold up! I just gotta say this! If my fiancée is a hobbit, then uh, Then what, bitch? Okay, yeah yeah  Okay, if she... was... ih if she is a hobbit, then, how come she don't turn blue when goblins are near?  Oh, you didn't think of that! Oh, I guess she's not a hobbit then! She must be a beautiful, sexy woman!

No! I am not no gay fish!

Man, get the fuck out of here, you hobbit trivia bitch!  Who the fuck asked you?!  Nobody is talkin' any more shit about my woman! Alright?! She is gorgeous! If she was here, you could all see for yourselves how beautiful she is! But she can't be here because she has a movie comin' out on Friday, directed by Peter Jackson, called The Hobbit! Hold up.  Bitch, that movie you got comin' out is called The Hobbit? ... Yeah, but it- ... What? It's what? Ohhh yeah. Yup. Yeah, I got it. Yup. Yup. Lemme tell them. Love you too.  Kim is not even in that movie! That movie is just loosely based on her television show, Keepin' Up With The Kardashians, which is a show about short, loud, little people living in a fantasy world! Hold. Up! Bitch, if you're the hobbit, you need to let me know right now, 'cause I'm makin' a fool of myself out here!

I don't need anyone tellin' me "play on words"! I'm a motherfuckin' lyrical wordsmith motherfuckin' genius!

Yo, fuck this noise, yo! 

Okay, first of all, I am NOT Aquaman, I am a recovering... gay fish. Yes, I have met Aquaman. I have hung out with Aquaman. But the only thing I have in common with Aquaman anymore is my love for the sea.  Now!  There have been malicious rumors, started at this elementary school, that my beautiful fiancée is a hobbit. That is not funny, and it is not true.  Alright?! Yes, Kim is heavier than most of her pictures show her to be. Yes, she gets her hair lasered off her body. Yes, she has a friend named Gandalf who happens to be a wizard.  I'm sorry, excuse me a minute.  Bitch, how are you not a hobbit again? Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah right. Rightrightrightrightright, yeah. Okay. Yep. Yep. Let me get- okay. Yep, I got it. Okay, love you too.  Okay, if my fiancée Kim… is… a hobbit, then how come… it uh how c- then, okay, if she's a hobbit, then how come she don't live in a hole in the ground? BOOOOOOM! All y'all just got lit up, cuz! She don't live in no hole in the ground, she lives in a big-ass mansion, with me, in her room, that is slightly below ground! So, you can… She, she is sexy, and womanly, and she smokes a pipe. She can blow them rings that go up over her head, and… Hold up. Bitch, you not a hobbit, right? ... No, I know, you just, you smoke that long pipe sometimes when you sit by the fire... Oh it's a- Oh, okay. Got it, got it- What do you call it? Yep. Yep, got it. Okay. Yep, love you too.  That is not a hobbit pipe, for your information! It is a personal oral humidifier to keep all the wrinkles around her mouth from showin'. So haha, all you haters, HA!

There are a lot of people out there making up rumors about me that are malicious and untrue. But I'm going to prove once and for all: I'm not a fish. Because I am a genius, I've ascertained that fish have gills.  Doctor, do I have gills?

Yo. Ungh. Yo.  Yo, whoa! Whoa, what the hell?! 

(Uh. Come on.)
I've been so lonely, girl, I've been so sad and down.
Couldn't understand why haters joked around
I wanted to be free with other creatures like me
And now I got my wish...
'Cuz I know that I'm a gay fish gay fish (Gay fish, yo)
Motherfuckin' gay fish gay fish (I'm a fish, yo)
Girl I am a gay fish gay fish (it's alright, girl)
Makin' love to other gay fish gay fish (Unh)
All those lonely nights at the grocery store
In the frozen fish aisle feeling like a whore
'Cuz I wasn't being true even though everyone said
That I had to make a switch (dead fish)...
Now I know that I'm a gay fish gay fish (Gay fish, yo)
Motherfuckin' gay fish gay fish (I'm a, I'm a fish, yo)
Girl I am a gay fish gay fish (Yes, now where I belong, girl)
Making love to other gay fish.

Yes.

Why- Look at me, look at me!  I love fishsticks. I love putting fishsticks in my mouth. 

Damn right I'm male.

I'm not gay and I'm not a fish! Man!

(Oh yeah, babe. Oh yeah, baby.)
One thing I know, my girl ain't no hobbit.
She might be stumpy; that don't mean she a hobbit.
She's not a hobbit 'cause she couldn't be.
She got no Bagginses in her family tree.
Yes on occasion she hangs out with her dwarf friends.
But she never went on no quest with her dwarf friends.
Except for one time she went to kill that dragon.
She took his gold and she- 
Hang on a minute, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.  Bitch, remember when you went off to kill that dragon with them dwarves? ... Yeah. Oh yeah. Rightrightrightright, yup. Yup, I got it. Yep, love you too. 
It wasn't no dragon, so my girl ain't no hobbit.
That was a Quizno's and my bitch went to rob it.
'Cause they got that ham that she robs on her cellulite.
While she drinking her grog and singin' those merry songs... at night...
My girl ain't no hobbit.
Please God, tell me I'm not engaged to no hobbit. 
(Kim is not a hobbit.)

