The Black Plague. Over half of Europe was killed by it.

This? This is my photo album of all my times in the rock business.

What do we do with it now?

Sir, we just had a big town meeting, and decided we don't want your Wall-Mart here anymore.

Your little girlfriend, Wendy.

...Aw dammit! 

That's right.

Oh, isn't that nice? You've got lots of friends, don't you Kenny?

Exactly what do you remember?

Oooo! Call the doctor!

Look uh, Mr. Edward, can you just ask Kenny how we can get him out, please?

How's it goin'?

All right, let's go, Cows! Let's show 'em what we've got!

We've got to do something, children! 

Love luh-- Huh?  Do you feel better?

We've got to get him to the hospital.

Welcome to the planetarium. 

Oh no!  No, stop Stan! You don't know what you're doin'! 

That does it! That Ritalin has affected your little cracker brains too deeply! I'm going to go see that damn pharmacist!

I'm in love.

Butt sex?

What?

Try 'em. 

That's okay. You know what they say about women with one arm longer than the other...

Wait a minute.

No, no doctor, I've seen this type of thing before. This ain't no pink eye, it's the living dead.

Hey, open this damn door. 

Bad.

Good-bye! ..

Iii do!

Ohh, I'm sure your little cracker problems ain't all that bad. Come on in.  Now, just sit down and take a deep breath and tell ol' Chef what's goin' on.

How's it goin'?

He IS a sick queer!!

Okay children.  Now, who's gonna win the State Finals? 

And that's why I say-

I appreciate that, children,  but raising $2 million is not an easy thing to do.  My only hope is to whore myself to every woman in town.  Wish me luck, children. 

How's it going?

Did you all hear about the news? Kathie Lee Gifford is coming to South Park.

My Salty Chocolate Balls must have re-juvenated him!

Just look for anything suspicious.

Come on, children! 

No, dammit! I'm talking about the zombies that have taken over South Park!

Oh, then, Frida's the right person to go to.

I made about $410,300, but--

Is everybody okay?

Ooh, come oonn! Don't tell me The Cure has something to do with this too!

Good. You children need to come too. Eric needs all the support he can get right now.

Why do you care?

How's it goin'?

Kyle, the fate of the world may be at stake.

No, I don't think that's okay Stan. In fact, I think that's illegal.

Awww, fudge it! 

Thank you Elton.
Tonight is right for love, love graaavaaaaaay.

Oh, welll, hello there, children.

It sure is! Thank you.

It's okay, pop.

How can you all just stand by and let these racists do this?!

I just like to make love up your butt.

I think it's working.

That's right.

Oh, hell no! I can't bear to see that!

You children shouldn't be crucifying yourselves in this heat.

Eeeeh-I don't know, man. Maybe Barbra Streisand doesn't have a place up here after all.

Hey, come on. That was roughing. At least let us scrape him off the field.

Oh, sorry children. I thought you were one of them.

That's nice, but I need the support of some registered voters.  Ey, Mackey! Sign up to march on Wednesday?

Now why do you wanna go be intolerant of gay people, children?  I thought you knew better.

Ow! (whack) Ow!

Well, I've gotta get to the fairgrounds. They're about to start the big auction. So long, children! 

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

Eric, you're okay! 

What?!

So I'm supposed to press "menu," then "function," then "enter."

You can't kill my grampa Stan, he's already passed on.

Sidney Poitier?

I can't - break these - locks!

A-and a cucumber in the pants never hurt either!

The law of physics that states, "If one girl screams for something, it will make other girls scream. And then, it grows exponentiously until all girls within a five-mile radius are screaming."

Nowww, children, every problem can be worked out. What was it?

Yes Pip, I'm afraid it does.

Oh no, look.

Do I look like I have $2 million?

Come on, man. What is this all about?

All right, children, let's get to rehearsin'!  We don't have much time, and you've got to become the dance group you can be.  I think we should-  Whoa.  This... is the dance troupe?

Concentrate on your ge-hame! Be the buhaw-hall! 

You're welcome. Now, go away!

Relax, children, junk that's in brine can't kill you. Your teacher must have died from something else.

Ooohhh.

I'm gonna open up my own restaurant here.

Take that wig off!  What's gotten into you?!

You bet! Good-bye. Children! 

I'm gonna lay you down by the Yule log
I'm gonna love you right
Baby, I'm gonna deck your halls
And silence your nights
You'll hear the herald angels sing
When I'm sliding off your bra
I just can't wait to jingle your bells
and falala your love...

Really, you, you guys don't want to come over for just a little bit?

Doctor, who is the first person to come in here with the sickness?

Alright, children, I got you four tickets to Thailand  and three hundred dollars cash . It's gonna be tough living for a while. You might have to do things for money you never thought of doin' before.

Hello there, children.

We have to get Eric to a proctologist right away.

Well, I hope you do. Otherwise, it's lumpy potatoes from here on out.

Okay, that was pretty good, Pip, but you're supposed to hit the kids on the other team.

Oohhh, children, you misunderstood. Sea people is different from se-men.

This can't be happening..!

Why bad?

Ooh crap.

You see, children, sometimes a man needs to be with a woman. But sometimes, when the lovin' is over, the woman just wants to talk and talk and talk and talk. 
But a prostitute is someone who would love you
No matter who you are, or what you look like.
Yes, it's true, children.
That's not why you pay a prostitute,
no, you don't pay her to stay, you pay her to leave afterwards.
That's why I pays a lot for prostitutes!
Ladies and Gentlemen, Mr. James Taylor.

Then, after a few "Truth"s, you finally answer, "Dare."

Now children, gather around, and watch the wonders of life.  The beauty of Mother Nature. 

Well, I guess we're gonna have to do this the old-fashioned way. Come on back, children. 

Not too good.

Oh my God! We have to stop them!

How are my little crackers today?

Doctor!

Oh children, children, you shouldn't not like somebody just because they're different. Here, let me sing you a little song:
We're all special in our own way
Everybody's different, but that's okay
'Cause even though we might-a have different-colored skin
Different points of view, be tall or thin
It doesn't mean I can't lay you down, woman, and touch your silky skin
With my love deep inside you, where no man has ever been
Rub you legs, caress your thighs and uh...
What were we talking about again?

Hello there, children!

Did you find out what the aliens were up to?

No problem, Ms. Broflovski. Uhh, now, about that hundred bucks?

Kenny? Kenny, do you know what you need to get free?

Boy, what the fudge are you doin'?

And those jakovasaur eat three times as much as normal children! I can't keep up!

All right! We did it! 

Ooooh-ho-ho-hoh hohohohoh, that's different. Women don't get pregnant from tongue-kissing, children.

I'm serious! I'm not gonna make it.

Yeah.

Hey, you're that crazy cracker from up on the hill.

Yes! That stuff that was in that vial didn't come from you, it came from someone else.  I thought you children took turns rapin' and then murdered the teacher. 

Hi, Momma! 

You know I'm always here to help, Principal Victoria. 

Shovel that snow, babih, it's all nice, heavy and wet. Just- 

I'm just a school cafeteria chef. Ahah I don't make much money.

Hello there, children.

Yes you can! What the hell are you two doin' prescribing all the children Ritalin?!

HA! God-damned aliens! I beat you!  Where'd you learn to drive, aliens?! Chinese auto school?! 

How's it going?

Well, I always heard she was kind of a bitch, but-.

Come on, children. Let's all go home and make love.

Mayor, we have got to do somethin' about all these potholes on our roads!

How would you like some fish sticks and tater tots?

They took the children, Jeff! I have to know what those aliens are up to!

Well, it's in the bedroom, ladies. Come on in.

Children! I'm glad you're here! I want you to check out my new confectioneries. I think they're going to sell right through the roof! I call them, "Chef's Salty Chocolate Balls." 

Yeah!

What?

Oh no! Damnit! Don't call it that! 

Oh boy.  All right, well, why don't you show me what you got? I wanna see what you kids can do! 

Okay. Now it's funny again.

It stopped being funny forty seconds ago, boy! Let's just get this over with!

You can try, Robert Smith, but that thing just beat the crap out of Leonard Maltin and Sidney Poitier.

Hey! That has no monetary value! What the hell are you taking that for?!

Children, friends get girlfriends all the time. It's something even you will have to face with each other some day.

Ohh, children, you just can't stick a drunk pig with a drunk elephant, and, and, expect them to do the mattress mambo. You need to set the mood. 
Let me show you boys what I'm talking about.
Tonight is a-right for love,
you know I -- want tuh touch you where the lights don't go.
Tonight is a-right for love, love gravy.
Expressing love so sweet.
I want tuh -- keep you burnin' like a dog in heat.
Tonight is a-right for love, love graaavaaay.
Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Elton John!

Is everybody okay? That sounded like a gunshot!

Alright, Eric, what's the matter?

Oh my God! Eric, how long have you been channelin' Kenny?

Kathie Lee, you're my sexual fantasy.

Hello there children.

Well thanks a lot, KoRn! You KoRn powers really came through for us!

Damn, man, it's nice to meet you! Seein' Sidney Poitier in my hometown!

Give me a little bit of that pepper
Give me a little bit of that salt
Put it in the skillet and cook it...

Children! Run! 

That has got to be the most ridiculous load of pig crap I have ever seen!

Children!

How is sexual education class going?

Dammit, children! Why do I always have to be the one to explain all this stuff to you?  Ask your parents for once!

Oh, I know you don't, Jimbo. I've known you for almost ten years. You're a good man.

Thank you. Jimbo.

What the?

What???

Watch me. Now get the fudge out of my house!

Tonight is the "Night of a Million Shits" on HBC! It's gonna be said over and over!

It's all gone to hell, children. And we're all to blame. Even me!  I was sellin' out my town, too! And now look at it. 

Mayor, some of the school children, are up camping, on that mountain, right now!

Why can't this guy control his temper?

Well, like with our slang. Black people always used to say, "I'm in the house" instead of "I'm here." But then white people all started to say "in the house" so we switched it to "in the hizzouse." Hizzouse became hizzizzouse, and then white folk started saying that, and we had to change it to hizzie, then "in the hizzle" which we had to change to "hizzle fo shizzle," and now, because white people say "hizzle fo shizzle," we have to say "flippity floppity floop."

The doctor said the first people he treated were the mortician and his assistant. Now, I've gotta hunch we'll get to the bottom of this... at the morgue. 

Damn, that little Amanda was fine! I'm gonna look her up. 

Hello there children.

Aaaaah! 

It says here the word, "shit" has been around for over 600 years. It comes from the Anglo-Saxon word, "skite".

Good for you!

We have to think carefully. We can ask him anything we want, like, "What's the meaning of life?" or "Why are we here?".

Oh. Hello there, children.

You're gonna give children AIDS?!

Why "uh-oh"?

Children, three nights ago I was at the library checking out some books on Kama Sutra when I met the most amazing woman ever. She knew so much about so many things. She really got me thinking. We eventually came back to my place and really hit it off.

Imagine, a pint sized elephant that you could keep in the house.  Children, we could make a fortune with this.

Why bad?

The first thing that kids learn about sex shouldn't be some bitch-scare tactic about STDs.

Okay, okay, children, thank you very much. I feel much better.

Come on, children! We've gotta find a doctor! 

It's over. She's too strong for them, children. We'll have to leave town.

Look: Schools are teaching condom use to younger and younger students each day! But sex isn't something that should be taught in textbooks and diagrams. Sex is emotional and spiritual. It needs to be taught by family. I know it can be hard, parents, but if you leave it up to the schools to teach sex to kids, you don't know who they're learning it from. It could be from someone who doesn't know,  someone who has a bad opinion of it,  or even a complete pervert. 

Why do you need to know what a prostitute is anyway?!

So let's have half the children on this side  and half the children on that side. 

I know you wanna help your kids, but I brought over a videotape to show you that there are alternative' to Ritalin. There's this doctor in Northern California who is doin' real amazing things with kids who have ADD. I want you to watch this tape. 

Howdy-ho, Mr. Hankey!

...Oh, nothin'. Now, move along, children, you're holdin' up the line.

Jesus, we're sorry. Can you ever forgive us?

Good-bah! 

That's right.

Hello Doctor. Thanks for seein' Eric on such short notice.

Ahhhh, of course they won't splice children. Haven't you ever heard that song by 'Loverboy'?

I need to know how far it is, lady!

Wellll, if you uhhh, come back in just a little bit, Eric, I'll see if I can help you out. 

No, no, no, no, no, that's different. I made fun of them because they are from China. You see, it's not okay to make fun of an American because they're black, brown, or whatever, but it is okay to make fun of foreigners because they are from another country.

Well, what's the first problem?

Look, Elton, you are a great singer, but a retarded monkey could write better lyrics.

Oh, hello Stan.

Aaaaaaaaaah! 

Garrison! What the hell are you doing?!

How do you mean?

We did it, children, we did it! We're going to Washington, D.C.!

Ooooooohhh?!

This is just a dream. You're still up on that cross.

I love my work.

Mayor, as I've said before, I find that flag to be racist and insensitive!

Hey, Elton, don't feel so down, baby. Have some of my Scottish haggis. It'll cheer you up.

Hello there, children!

Damn it, don't you see? These people have been thematized. They got no heartbeat, no feeling. I'll show you. Errr! 

Fire drill! Fire drill! Everybody out!  Okay children, this is your chance!

Yeah, and it's got all kinds of cool feature, too. Check this out. You can watch three channels all at once. I think if you hit this button here-  No, no wait. You hit this button here  No, that's not it. Let's see.  Menu...  Function 

Well, I must say I still don't get this at all.

I gotta call this hotline number children.

But I have 24 hours to come up with your money! That's the law!

I don’t believe it!

Hmmm. 

Well, what do you want me to do about it?

Dammit, come on!  Somebody catch the ball! 

Right. And you see, children, that's why you need to- Whoa! What?!

Sure. Come on in.

Say, did any of you children see the alien space ship last night?

Nobody could take your place
No way they could match your face, no
You've got it going on in a way so clear,
I just want to buy you a beer...
Uh maybe tonight, at 7:30 or something I could uh - come by and uh -
Pick you up in my caa-a-aaaa-aa-aa-aa-aaar (No substitute)
No substitute for you (No substitute)
No, baby, there's (No substitute)
For you girl (No substitute) for you now
You know that it's true (No substitute)
There's just, no substitute for
You!

Sorry, Stan. We just gotta drop Mephesto off and then we can get outta there, alright?

My whole family's coming here for the wedding, and I want you boys to come, too.

Oh! God in Heaven! What have I done?!

Alright. Leonard Maltin, this has gone far enough! I ain't drivin' another mile until you tell me what this is all about!

We've saved Thanksgiving!

Well, I gotta get to the cafeteria. You children watch that fat boy now. He could be under alien control. 

Where the hell have you been Stan?!

Children, don't you even know what this argument is about?! That flag is racist because a black man is being hung by white people.

How the hell did he reach the gas pedal?

Why bad?

I shall perservere. We shall perservere.

Yes, ma'am.

You did it children!

OOH, you're talkin' about your older sister, Shelly.

I'm sorry, boys. You just don't understand economics.

Ooh, fudge!

You're damn right I'll tell you yo' business, because you two have got your heads up your asses! Thanks to you, we have children in our town that like Phil Collins!

So that's why all you children are acting so damned boring!

And just what price would you pay for eternal glory?  Just imagine: a big yellow "Dodgeball Champions" banner hanging in the cafeteria! Imagine it!

Aw, the hell with all of you indecisive bastards!

How's it goin'?

Hey! Where's he goin'?

Hello there, children!

Great job, children! Just stay focused now.

Mahahahahan oh man, first contact with the alien visitors. I've got to get myself ready.

It's very simple, children. The right time to start having sex is... 17.

Look, I have gone to every quiet protest I could! I have written everyone; I've put up signs! But now I'm telling you , THIS FLAG WILL BE CHANGED!

No, no, no! Let's freeze it!

Children, I wrote that song 20 years ago.

Don't let him bleed on my Meredith Baxter-Birney memorial towel.

Hello, children.

Eric, you got glasses!

But nothin'!  "But" my ass! Fix your own damn food! 

Children, why didn't you tell me about this sooner?

Nnono!

Where?

What do you want me to do?

I'm gonna make love, even when I'm dead.
My body might get cold, but it's always hot in my bed.
Make looove, don't you be afraid;
Just because my heart ain't beatin', it don't mean you won't get laid.

Doctor!

Doctor, do you have- children?

Okay! E-verbody get in a line, so I can whoop all your asses!

That's Scuzzlebutt.

I'm goinna- I'm gonna-

The Black Death? Are you sure?

Cartman?

Can I help-ey, you're that movie critic - guy on TV.

Well, alright, Marsh, you're entitled to your own opinion.  That's how it is in this town. I haven't gotten one signature on this damn sheet, and I've been here all day!

Fine! Next Sunday!

Of course! That's it!

Nobody wants to see a guy named Cous-Cous. You need a big, strong beefy name.

Hike the ball.

Okay. That was a good practice children. We'll see you here again tomorrow.

Huh?

Well, you know what they say: you can't teach a gay dog straight tricks.

Oh! Hello there, children!

Eric, I have to tell you something, and it's really gonna bum you out.

No no, we just sat there all night long and... taaalked.

No, no, no, children, I'm talkin' about the most important part of a man's body.

Wait a second. They've closed the pass??

Parents, I called you all together because I think you might be making a mistake puttin' your children on Ritalin. 

My name isn't Chef anymore, children. I've converted to Islam.

Eric, the doctor has to feel inside your rectum.

Oh, children, I'm sorry. I forgot.

Uuuh, yes. Is this Robert Smith of the Cure?

Zombies children. South Park is overrun with the living dead. Haven't you noticed anything strange lately?

I want to stick my balls inside your rectum, Kyle.

From now on, my name is  Abdul Mohammed Jabar  Rauf Kareem Ali.  With everyone in town so insensitive about the flag, I find it no longer fitting to use my slave name!

What's the meaning of life? Why are we here?

Well, that figures you don't! Because your cracker-ass parents turned you into little cracker-ass cracker-racists! I never thought I'd live to see this many of the people I considered friends turn against me!

Mr. Hat busted me out. Children, did you do this?

Woo, fudge the snow now. 

Alright, fudge it, Thursday. Anyone else wanna go Thursday?

Who's havin' butt sex?

Great pass Stan.

Damnit, children, you don't need drugs to make you pay attention in school! In my day, if we didn't pay attention we got a belt to the bottom! Now they're tryin' to cure everything with drugs!

Hold on a minute, Mr. Producer!

Hey, hey hey!  Children, that's not cool! You don't make fun of somebody because of their ethnicity.

Seventeen.

Well you get it by sharin' relations with somebody who already has it. You have to be very careful around someone who has herpes.

Have you all been sodomizing your children too?

Where were we gonna find a child to secrifice?

I actually was with Meredith Baxter-Birney in this very car. And afterwards we used that towel to...  Wait a minute. Why am I telling you this?

Yeah, whatever, you old, dried-up, fat hog.

I don't want to touch that with a forty foot pole.

What the-?! 

Aw, come on, children. Let's go home.

Whoa!

Don't worry, Eric. I'm sure he will be able to help you.

Yeahyeh. Oh whatever. But the mayor just called and asked me to sing at the ceremony.

Including killing people and wreaking havoc all over South Park?

Hello there, children.

Come on, children! You're my sexual fantasy. Let's all make sweet love.

...Yes, I pressed "menu" three times!  No! It's givin' me the same error message!  Yes I read the instruction manual!

Oh! Did they give you an anal probe?

I'm sorry children. 

What in the hell are you doing dressed up like that?!

Oh Lord have mercy.  Children, children! No no, you've got it all wrong. Don't you see, children? You have the heart, but you don't have the soul. No no, wait. You have the soul, but you don't have the heart.  No no, scratch that. You have the heart and the soul, but you don't have the talent.

Hold on, children!  We have to ditch them! 

Aww, I don't want any money. I just like to see my name on the credits, that's all.

And a creeeeeepy cookie, and moooooonstrous milk!

Well, I hate to say it, but you all got what you deserved.

We've got to find people who would know what the hell this is all about. Children, we're goin' to have to go to the land of castles, knights, and kings!

That's right.

He needs to run his ass around the block a few times.

Who-o-oa! What's the matter, Leonard Maltin?

God-damn!

Mayor, we've got a big problem. 

Hooray!

I specializes in your asshole, Kyle. 

Ah! Damn Johnson, what the hell's gotten into you?

Huh?

Yeah. Things have been better.

Look, children. This is all I'm goin' to say about drugs: stay away from them. There's a time and place for everything, and it's called college. Do you understand?

You see? Everything's gonna be fine. Now how about I meet you boys after work and we can play ball?

Of course she will. They're women. They've had this whole thing planned out months ahead of time.

--get those juices flowin'--

Forget about all that genetic engineering whoosafudge. If you want to combine a pig and an elephant, just get them to make sweeet love.

Damn cracker-ass producers!

You're daaamn right.

Why, that is- that is the most beautiful thing I have ever heard.

Yup! Here's your present, children.  Well, uhnice party. Uh, see ya later.

But I think back in those days it meant something else: the plague!

POOOT! 

Oh. Well, uh, I'm afraid that the school charges extra for that.

Just get in there boy!

Now, look, I’m trying to be cool about this, but you just can't rip people's music off! It's against the law!

Well, I can still do that, children. In fact, Veronica can help me. She's a great singer, too.

Children, a lot of times the reason get uncomfortable around gay people is that they have some issues themselves. You have to ask yourself, "What is it about their behavior that, for some reason, makes me uncomfortable?"

That does it. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna raise that $2 million, but I'm not going to use it to pay you back. I'm going to use it to hire Johnnie Cochran myself and sue you!

That ain't no police! 

Did what?! Wow! How much did you make?

Uhh, I seee...an extreme close up of ...Vanessa Redgrave's private parts.

Oh. Well, uh, don't worry, Stan. I'm sure it'll work out. Now, what's the other problem?  Oh, nohoho.  Oh, DEAR GOD, NO!

Stay close children. 

Don't you see, children? This Cartman is from an evil, parallel universe where everything exists as its opposite!

A "fireman"?

How's it going?

Holy crap..!  God damn...

Right. 

Of course! Kathie Lee is a beautiful sultry queen of sexual fantasy. And if I sing to her, maybe I can lure her into a night of exotic delectation.

Okay children, I know that you're all extremely excited and nervous and anxious about the homecoming game against the Middle Park.

Change the flag! Change the flag!…

Alright. Come on, we've got to get the antidote to all the children. Quick! 

Oh. Uh, well, I always heard that Ms. Streisand had her own $4 million condominium - up near the ski slope.

Wooof! I've got to meet this woman.

Oh, it makes me sick! Those damned psychologists prescribe all kinds of medicines to you children without even carin' about the side effects.

Oh. Hello there, children!

'Scuse me. Do you work here?

What? Why?

Ahh, yeah. That's much better.

And then, they'll ask, "Truth or Dare?'

Hello there, children!

Well, how about I meet you boys after work and we make love?

No, nono, she's not like that. You see... uh, how do I put this? Children,... Ms. Ellen doesn't exactly play for the right team.  Ih-ih-ih-in in other words, children, she's not a member of the...heterosexual persuasion.  Don't you understand? She's a lesbian.

...Oh, children, that's a problem we all have to face at one time or another. Here: let me sing you a little song that might cheer you up. Sometimes you kill your teacher and they find your semen in her stomach, and uh Wait! What the what?!

Now children, we've got to handle the ball better. You got to hold your football like you hold your lover.  Gently, yet firmly. You wanna be both nurturing and clinging at the same time. Oh yeah! 
Just like makin' sweet love to the football.
Feelin' naughty with the football.
Mmmm.

Oh, what have I done?  You know, Eric, I just realized something. I have been obsessed, and obsession isn't good.  If we had won the world championship, what then?  It would only be a bigger letdown the next year if we didn't win! Our lives would have to revolve around dodgeball. Our lives were fine before.  Oh, I'm sorry, children. I let it all go to my head. Can you ever forgive me?  Come on, forget this stupid game. Let's go home.

Now move along, children, you're holding up the line! 

Spank it, ever so gently.

But it's quicker to get to the Denver school that way!

This must be the place.

No! What the hell is this little thing supposed to be? It doesn't look like anything.

Uh, how's it goin'?

You better let me take that Kyle. 

Oh, hello.

I said, "I've always wanted to visit Prague."

Uuuh, Ms. Choksondik, Mr. Garrison had several uuh, eee-motional issues. He was a closet homosexual who hated gay people. Whenever someone asked him if he was gay, he'd go nuts.

Now, all you do is put this paper bag over your head, and it increases your sexual pleasure.

Of course not. Here. You children sit down,  and let me explain somethin' to you about where babies come from. THEN, you'll see why I can't be your dad.
When a man loves a woman, and a woman loves a man,
Actually, sometimes a man doesn't love a woman, buut...he acts like he does, in order to get some action, heheh
The magic starts to happen, and the two take off their clothes, that's right
And they caress and touch each other, until the part of the man grows
Oooooooooo And they roll around and now things a-really startuh getting hot
And the man says "I love you" and the woman says "hold on a second, I gotta go to the bathroom"
So you wait, and you wait, and you wait and you wait......and you wait, and you wait, and you waaaaiit
And you wait and you're coolin' down and she's still goin' to the bathroom
Finally she comes back, and she says, "Baby, I'm gettin' hot!"
And that's when you gotta jam her butt and pump her full of...

Well, uh-I kinda hope not.  I mean, sure it does.  Here. I'll give him one of my Salty Balls to take with him to poo heaven.  Come on, let's go. 

That wouldn't be very fair to the other children, now would it?

Well, I'm sure there's no substitute for you.

They why don't you just quit?!

LaToya Jackson, children.

Like keeping you company. Understand?

Fifty pounds? Why?

He's a doctor that specializes in your asshole, children.

Hello there, children.

Haven't you people noticed all the strange things going on?

That's right! You've made them so dull and boring that they're actually going to go to a Phil Collins concert!

I ain't gonna listen to nothin'! This whole cracker-ass town can kiss my ass! 

I know what it is! But now you've got a town full of zombie children from the planet Zandor.

Uh, yeah. We didn't mean to.

That's right! Now, come on! We have a lot of practicing to do! 

Sorry, children. All my funding's been cut.

Barbra Streisand? You mean like, the Barbra Streisand?

Ow! What the hell did you do that for?!

Uh, from your ass, children.

Oh, All right. Listen up everybody, and listen good. Go to your homes and arm yourselves with whatever you can. We'll meet back here in fifteen minutes. Hurry!  We are not going to let our Thanksgiving be ruined by a bunch of turkeys.

Let's see.  Aw, dammit!

Thaat's right!

I'm gonna make love to the children.

Hello there, children!

Oh, no!

Sorry, son. You'll have to let the nurse look at it. Come on. 

Whoops?!

Well, I'm no biologist, but I'd say it looks like turkey DNA.

Where is the signal being sent to? 

What?!

No, Garrison! Shut the hell up!

Everything's fine?? Why??

Veronica surprised me at the office and took me out to dinner.  She's so amazing.

Russell Crowe?? Children, you shouldn't be this show about a man who beats people up because he's insecure.

Oh, fudge!  Uhh, let me see that Vanessa Redgrave thing again.

Nope, just 17.

Hello there, children!

You're gonna have to quarterback, Kyle.

Uh-uh, hold on a second, Ms. Crabtree. How would you like to use some… sex toys?

Well, then, don't buy into this fad, Kyle. Be who you are, not what's cool.

Actually, uh-

Mega-Streisand? Oh, man, I don't know what the hell that means, but it doesn't sound good.

Aw man, I can't believe I got fooled by that asshole!

Okay, children, it's Friday, and you know what that means for PE class. We're gonna play dodgeball! 

Why bad?

Oh! Oh-h, hello Eric.

Stinky britches, you got those stinky britches.

Oh.

You have to say "Truth" the first few times. Or else, you seem too eager.

Hello there, children.

You're lucky I didn't just turn around and beat your white skinny alien asses anyway! Maybe next time you'll remember to...  Huh?  Aw crap! Children!

This hospital isn't gonna do any good. We need to take him to see John Edward.

What does it mean?

Okay, children, now, we're almost to China. I want you all to try and focus on your game.

I'm gonna make love to you woman, 'gonna lay you down by the fire!

Oh, was it the ones with the big long heads and the black eyes?

You finally snapped, huh, Garrison?

You'll be in the news all over the world. South Park will finally have a sport that it's good at. Ohh, children, it'll be glorious!

Of course! I've never even thought about why we use the term "curse word" before.

Hud-that-that's okay. Uhd-uh, look. All you need to know is, Ms. Ellen's a lesbian, and that means she only likes other lesbians.

Get in here! 

Well, because, children, a prostitute is someone who... you could pay for certain services.

Baby you are so fine, and shit!The shit you do, the shit you say; I'd jump on your shit any day! Oh, hello there, children.

That's okay. you know what they say about women with the mole on the back of their necks with hair growing out of it... 

Goodbye, children. Thanks for all your help.

You don't need three lunches, Eric! You're fat enough as it is!

Hello there, children.

Oh Lord...

Uh-oh.

Sure. Just please stop.

What the-?  Oh, what now?!

What's it doing?

You-you don't understand, children. If we can win State, we can play in the Nationals in Washington, D.C.!

Come on, children. Let's go get some ice cream.

Do what I do, get 'em goood and drunk.

How's it goin'?

Kenny, how would you like to sodomize my black ass

What?!  What the hell do you think you're doing in school eatin' Salisbury steak?! Go find him, damn it!

...Intolerant of who?

If we can have dinner tonight.

I made some chili to enter into the contest.

I used to watch Quincy.

I'm not mad because the flag shows somebody gettin' killed, It's because it's racist!

Oh really? Well, let's all go home and make love.

Children, this whole film festival thing has quite lucrative monetary possibilities. Now I'm gonna sell some of my famous cookies, to these Hollywood types, and make a mint!

Yeah, well, let's get it over with. This place gives me the booboojeebees.

Daaamn right, Garrison! 

Well, you're gay aren't you?

Yeah, well, I learned a very important lesson this week: Sometimes you fall in love and you think it feels that way forever.You change your life and didn't know your friends cause you think it can't get any better.But then love goes away; no matter what, it doesn't stay as strong.And then you're left with nothing, cause your tinking with your dong.&lt;p&gt;So watch out for that love bug! It can destroy like a typhoon wind!Just play it cool and don't be a fool...

What the hell is this? 

What the hell is that?!

A repeat??

Great catch, Kyle! Now your team's on offense!

Yes, is this customer service? I'm havin' problems with my new television. It sprouted legs and guns 'n started walkin' around shootin' people. Uh huh. Okay. Ohhh, so I press "menu," then "function." 

I don't know, children.  Why don't you ask your dad? He's a lawyer, ain't he?

That nose is bleeding pretty bad, Kyle. I think you might have to go to the nurse's office. 

Get the hell out of here Johnson! I don't want no god damn pink eye! 

Say what?! You of all people should be sympathetic.

Damn it boy, what in the hell are you doin' dressed up like that?!

Ms. Cartman, we need to get Cartman to a meeting room to speak with people who have crossed over.

Damn, woman, what's gotten into you?!

Stand back, children! Jared wants to give you AIDS!

We just need help identifying this. 

Oh dammit! I knew that was gonna happen.

Thank you Mr. Mayor. You know Kathie Lee, you are a very special woman. I don't mean special in a Mary Tyler Moore way. Or, or special in an Extra Value Meal at Happy Burger way. Noo nononono. I mean special. Like the song of a, a humming bird as it gets ready to find that female hummingbird and make sweet love to it all night long. Just two humming birds moaning and, and groaning and, and their bodies caress and touch each other in ecstasy.
Oh, Kathie Lee, how I'd love to lay you down.
And lick every inch of your body with my tongue.

Ooooh, man! I'm outta here!

Get out! It's gonna blow! 

Children, that record company guy is takin' all my belongings. And if I don't come up with $2 million, I'm going to jail.

Every turkey dies, not every turkey truly lives.

Father, why did you go to all this trouble?

Huh?

Huh?

Children, Veronica is moving in with me.

Oh! 

Children, somewhere in South Park, something has created a door to the evil, parallel universe!

Mmmmm. That's my favorite kind of chili.

What's all this fightin' about, children?!

Ah-ah-ah I can't. I can't hit Jesus Christ. My mother would never speak to me again.

Damn woman, I just gave you sweet loving five minutes ago. You trying to kill me?

These are my friends, the Cartmans. 

It's my special recipe.

And a teeeeerrifying napkin!

Hello there, children.

Well of course it matters when-  …Oh my God. Wait a minute. You children didn't even see the flag as a black man being hanged by white people, did you?

What's the problem?

All they do is make videos, showing tons and tons of girls screaming for the boy band. Once you get girls screaming, you can't stop 'em. They're crazy!  Uh-uh, except for Lilian, of course. 

Don't you boys know what a bris is? They're going to circumcise him.

Children, there's a BIG difference between gay people and Mr. Garrison! Do you understand that??

I don't really give a crap! We've got to do something about the living dead!

Is she like uh - Vanessa Williams beautiful or-uh Toni Braxton beautiful? Or Pamela Anderson beautiful? ...Or - is she Erin Grey in the second season of Buck Rogers beautiful?

We just want you to take a look and tell us if you see anything abnormal.

Oh! That is one fudged-up little cracker! 

The power! 

Okay. Thank you, Mr. Cochran.  Well, Johnnie Cochran will take my case if I can pay his legal fee, $2 million.

Oh. Well, we black people just always tried to stay out in front of them.

Well what's wrong with him?

I guess he's not home, Leonard Maltin.

It's no joke, children, this is big!

You WHAT?!  You don't think they should change the flag?!

Hold on a second: you children want to go see Phil Collins?

Okay, children, back in the bus.

It was just a rumor. A lot of big celebrities have mountain condos.

Did I? Janis Joplin, The Beatles, Elton John... I got to travel all around the world, hanging out with bands, going to lavish parties, lovin' many, many women.

Hmmm.  I don't think we have a chance.

Is he ...dead?

Well, all right. Maybe I will go. I’ll play them my version of the song.

What??

Well, today it's Salisbury steak with hot buttered noodles

Look at this, children.  It says that the people in England believed that the plague was a curse, a dark magic infliction brought on by a mass utterance of a word of curse.

Usually about 9:30 in the morning, children.  Uh oh, here we go.  Yeahhh, there's nothing worse than getting all drunk and waking up the next morning next to a pig.  Or a big fat elephant.

Sign up to join me, and come marching to the Mayor's office in protest of the South Park flag!  You see that, children?! Nobody wants to get involved!  Randy! Sign up to march with me against the South Park flag on Wednesday?

Oh ooh. 

What?! Noh! Uh, did I?

Well, somebody else has got to know all about this sexual harassment whosafudge.

No, that didn't work. Did I set the internal clock? Uh, no.  Oh, really? Well, how do I do that?

Yeah! Let the South Park people own South Park! 

Help!

Hello there, children.

Come on, Cows. We'll get a delay of game penalty.

Oh, sorry.  But my point is, that topical cream ain't gonna fix what's wrong here. 

You call that a problem? That sounds like heaven to me.

You don't see anything wrong with that flag?!

I know, but the fight is starting.

Oh my God!!

How many times do I have to explain this to you?! I'm not a student! You can't give me an office referral, and-!

How's it goin'?

Eric, that's enough!

What makes you think I would know anything about that?

What the...? Dammit! Have you all been taking your children's Ritalin too?!

Uh, I don't know. This TV has more features than a space shuttle.  I can't figure it out at all. 

Yeah, yeah! I get it! Fine!

Well, it's true.

Sorry son, now get your ass in there.

I'm sorry, children. I was wrong about you. But I still the flag needs to be changed. But now I realize that I almost let racism turn me into a racist.

...Is that what I said?

Hello there, children!

Children! What have I done?

Here you go, Stan and Kyle. Free drinks on me. 

To bring down the South Park Flag!

We have to find a way to stop those aliens!

Well, they're about to get worse. All I can serve you for lunch is lumpy potatoes.

What's the matter Stan, you seem down.

You're at the hospital, Mr. Mephesto. You were shot. Now, we don't know who tried to shoot you, but--

--we're makin' love gravy--

Uh uh! You children are gonna get me in trouble with the principal again.

But just remember what I taught you. That football is like making love to a reeeeeally beautiful woman. You can't always score, but when you do, it makes all the trying worthwhile.  Now, let's start practice. 

Change the flag!

Oh, they will.  It's gonna be one uuuugly sight.

I'm working on it children. 

Nonsense! If we win this one, we're world champions.

Aw, damnit! Come on!  We've gotta find him! Kenny!

You children just take your lunches. I'm gonna have a talk with the principal.

Doctor! We've got a shot cracker outside!

Well, today it's Salisbury steak with buttered noodles and a choice of green bean casserole or vegetable medley.

Okay. Because I just want to tell you that drugs are bad!

Yeah, Pop. This is Eric.

Now you've gotta compete against them in the dance competition on Saturday!

Is that really necessary?

Aw, now this is getting ridiculous!

Look out, children!

The Broflovskis need money to appeal that case to the new Canadian Prime Minister. What if this Christmas, instead of buyin' presents, we all use that money to give to the Broflovskis?

Oh, you wanted to see the new TV, huh?  Pretty cool, ain't it?

Oh, children, that was a long time ago. But I'll tell you what I remember. 

Come on, drink it down. It's free.

--love gravy, lovelovelovelovelove gravih!

All right!

Here. We can put the Ritalin antidote in these drinks and hand them out to the children. 

Or haaauuunted hash browns.

Well, you should. Cartman is your friend whether you like him or not! Now, come on! We've gotta get to that hospital!

Oh.

It's uh some kind of symbiotic, metamorphosis device.  This could mean the visitors want to communicate with us.

I'm sorry boys.

I don't know. But something tells me this picture might be very important, children.  You should hang on to it.

Oh, damn it, not now!  Damn it! Children, what are you doing here? Terrance and Phillip are about to go into surgery!

Daaamn, baby! You cut right to the chase, don't you?

...I didn't volunteer!

Oohh, come on Stan.

We know how to destroy it now. Spread the word to all the towns! 

How much further is Washington, D.C.?

Well, look at it this way: if you want to make a baby cry, first you give it a lollipop. Then you take it away. If you never give it a lollipop to begin with, then it would have nothin' to cry about. That's like God, who gives us life and love and help just so that he can tear it all away and make us cry, so he can drink the sweet milk of our tears. You see, it's our tears, Stan, that give God his great power. 

Yeah. In fact, that episode was a rip-off of a Twilight Zone episode.

Why bad?

Yeah, I don't think Ol' Mackey knows a hymen from a hysterectomy. And Choksondik? I'd be surprised if she's ever gotten laid in her life.

I'm runnin' out, children. 

No Pip, we still don't have a helmet for you.

Hello there, children.

Hi Pop.

Yeah. Back when I used to be in the rock business. And now it looks like some big record company has published one of my songs.

And I've also got my double chocolate cookies, "Fudge This."

...Wait, what? Sea people?

Huh?

Here we go Ca-ows, here we go: Unh, unh!
Here we go Ca-ows, here we go: Unh, unh!
I think we need to get off on this exit.

I know Pip, the school can't afford helmets for everybody.

That wasn't no hemorrhoid, it was an alien hoobajoob! Come on, children! We've got to get Eric to some real help!

Play ball! 

All around the country, you bastard doctors are giving children Ritalin! And for every one child that actually needs it, you give it to 50,000 that don't!

Well, Eric, I, I think you were just focusin' in on the wrong thing. Boy bands aren't about music, boy bands are created by corporations to make money. They're all based on the Gomlich effect.

The what?

Too late for what?

Uh I don't know. Ih-ih it was just a runor.

Whoa whoa whooaa! You just missed the point entirely!

And the other triangle is the one that little Kyle has?

Pink eye my ass. I've seen this kind of thing before.

Hello there, children.

Wow!

Well, perhaps you'd like to try my low-calorie cookies, "Go Fudge Yourself," or my all-natural, "I Don't Really Give A Flying Fudge."

It's a little late for that bullcrap now.

You got just one more, Pip. You get this kid, and we are State Champions.

Oh, boy. The aliens are going to make first contact. Hey, down here, we are ready for your wisdom!  And you've only got 20 minutes before Sanford and Son is on.

Hey! Hold on a minute!

Yeah! When two women are involved. 

Aw, the hell with you both! 

Woohoohoohoo. An insurance salesman?

But not like that, son. Like this: "Daaare". 

Okay! On Saturday, we march!

Like this very special device.  I call it "Chef’s pleasure bag".

Hello there, children.

It definitely worked for every woman I ever met.

No no! You say, "Truth."

That flag represents a time when blacks were persecuted by whites! How can a black man not be bothered by it?!

I'm Chef.

Now, now, don't cry, ladies. Everything's gonna be fine.

Okay children, this is your flight back to Colorado. Your parents are meeting you at the airport in Denver.

Well, sure.  Now, what's the matter, little cracker?

I'm alive! 

I'm tryin', children! Menu, back, function-  Enter? No, no. Back? H.E.M?? 

Sue me?! You stole one of my songs, and you’re gonna sue me?

Hello there, children!

Mom, this is my friend, Ms. Cartman.

You can't seem too eager. You've got to play it cool, like you don't even care what happens.

Get the hell out of here, children!!

Kiss my black ass!! 

Elvis? I'm Evel Knievel. Why the hell would I dress up like Elvis?

No, damnit!

I can't... break these locks. 

You can eat after the game. You children win this one, and you're National Champions! Then you can go on and play the Chinese.

I'm very proud of you, children. Let's all go home and find a nice white woman to make love to.

Baby, you know you're the girl for me-eeAnd all that I want to be-ee-ee is... You and meAnd her; simultaneousYou and me, and you and youSimultaneous lovin', babyTwo or three; simultaneousOoh, that's right... Hello? What? Oh, hello, children. It's a what? A giant snake? Killing everybody?! Growing bigger?! Children, you know I rarely say this but... Well, futch ya. Simultaneous, you and meAnd you and youSimultaneous lovin', babyTwo or three...

Well, I'll be sodomized on Christmas.

But that's a black man up there!

No it isn't. Last year you children were all trying to be black, and now you're trying to be gay!

Who? Not now, children! I gotta get fitted for my britches! Be right back. 

Don't you children see, Kenny's turned into a zombie. Along with everyone else in town.

Spank it.

We have a chance to find the sunshine.

That's right! Thank you. Good-bye- Everybody.

Oh my God! There has got to be at least fifteen dollars here!

Hike the damn ball! 

Dag-nabbit children! How come every time you come in here you gotta be askin' me questions that I shouldn't be answering?! "Chef, what's the clitoris?" "What's a lesbian, Chef?" "How come they call it a rimjob, Chef?"  For once, can't you just come in here and say, "Hi Chef. Nice day, isn't it?"!

That's not bad. Here, have some meat loaf.

That's right. And the only thing worse than doin' drugs is dealin' drugs! I'm gonna tell you about when I was your age and got offered drugs. 

Well, come on. We'd better get Kenny back to his parents. Wait a minute. Who's got the pot roast?

Come on, children! We can still catch the end of the fight!

What the-?!

Hey, children, everybody! I'm back! I'm back from Aruba! What the..? 

Sure they would.  But you're gonna have to get 'em in the mood.

Oh, oh. God bless you Kathie Lee!

And, Elton, why don't you get yourself some new threads? You know; some slick glasses and shit.

Whoa-ho-ho-ho! Great shot, Pip!

Oh no.

Uh?

We've got no choice. The only people I know now who might be able to help Eric are my parents. We'll have to take the next flight to Scotland.

Whoa! I musta missed a WHOLE middle part there.

And do you have any idea what that means?

I can just see the commercial now. "Wife got you down? Boss makin' you angry? Kids yellin' atcha? Well, Fudge 'Ems."

Think about it: Dead people getting up and walking around, and Tina Yothers comin' to town? Coincidence?? Oooh I don't think so!

I just uuuh - I stopped by 'cause little Kyle forgot his laundry detergent on the playground.

And you're the only person I could think of who might be able to help us, Jeff.

You boys don't know what a lesbian is?

No I'm, I'm glad you did, children. Now that she's gone, I can't really figure out what I ever saw in her.

Hello there, children!

It feels great! I just can't find the words to thank all the artists who put on Chef Aid. And most of all, I want to thank the children.

Well, you sure do act like it.

I can't keep doing this. It's killing me.

Ah!

There's nothin' we can do. Just sit here and suck on my balls.

Yeah. They must edit his shows down on television to only show him getting mostly right answers.

Aw nah. Don't tell me you children have taken up this whole metrosexual fad, too!

What the...?

Oh, come on children, what could be so bad? It's Salisbury steak day.

Hey, children.

I don't think we're outta the woods yet. 

We have to say good-bye... to South Park.

No, can't say that I have. Hey, what are you children doin' with those weapons?

I've been feelin' dйjа vu all mornin', children. I knew somethin' strange was goin' on!

There's a plan B? Why the hell have we been driving around all night and day for, when there's a plan B.

Oh, uhuhh, sorry children. Uhuh, let's run some plays.

But I don't get it. People use curse words all the time.

…Change the flag! Change the flag! Change the flag! Change the flag!  In the 1960s there was a monk  who set himself on fire to protest! You have left me no choice!  To protest your lack of humanity, I will now do the same thing! 

What'sa that peenis doing ina myii kitchen? 

Today, you fight for your city! You fight for your honor! These turkeys will continue to push until they have taken everything from us! These fudged up turkeys from the the crustaceous era can take our lives, but they can never take...our FREEDOM!!!

Stan, what the hell did you dance back for?

Children, I've got some great news for you. Veronica and I are getting married. 

Shut up, Pip.

Come over here if you're scared, women! I'll protect you!  Not you, dammit!

Ooo baby, yeah baby, ooo baby.
Yeah baby, yeah baby, now baby.
Ooo yeah, yes yes baby
Yeahyeahyeah, uh-huh baby now
Agh! Agh! Awww! No, baby!
Ewww, baby! No, no!
Alright now—I'm alright, I'm-I'm cool, it's okay.
Uh alright, watch out for the bedspread, baby.
Look out now, it's- alright, I'll tell you what.
Uuh, how about uuh, uh.
Why don't I call you next week?
And that's my song about the menstrual cycle, Stan. Did that clear things up for you?

Chirstmas poo?  You yuh-you mean Mr. Hankey.

I don't know, children. I guess we've got to get the word out to people some other way.

Dooodnnndoodnn - A pig and an elephant DNA just won't…A pig-elephant.  Say, now that's not a bad idea.

Change the flag!

No no no!

What the-?!

Well, three times bigger than Frank Gifford's, anyway. 

Chaos theory??

Who are you?

But you see Mr. Mayor, you can't stop serving Salisbury steak in our public schools. What's next, meatloaf?

Hey, that's my favorite chair!

Well boys, we might not know that for a couple of days.

Oh no!

Hello, children.

Yeah!

Oh, hello, Mr. Garrison.

It's over, children. I couldn't raise the $2 million to hire Johnnie Cochran. Now I have to go to jail.

What?!

For what?

Okay. You know what? Never mind, I don't need to know all this!  Forget I asked!

You bet! 

Jeff!! The aliens took the children up on their ship.

This is a chili cook-off, ain't it?

Get in the car, children! Get in the car! 

Hello there, children! 

You mean, at the Drunken Barn Dance, when we all got together with her, she was a he?!

Uuh, hold on now, hold on now.  Uhyouyouyou gotta help the children.

Come on, we gotta catch our plane. You children get right on that plane now.

Alright. You children have had a long night. Why don't we all get some rest and on Monday, I'll sing you a song explainin' the difference between semen and sea people.  Come on, children. I'll walk you all home. 

What did you say?

Come on, Kyle. It's time to go.

That's right. Randy! 

Yeah.

Drink this, Eric.  God help me! Heh, get it...  She's gone! Thank God!

Well, no, uh of course Kenny is not a prostitute.

Oh boy... Well come on inside, children. I'll make you some cocoa.

The victim child?

All right all right, quiet, children! Now, nobody's getting served if I can help it. We just gotta buckle down, dig deep, and pray that maybe the other team comes down with cancer. 

I think that's a much better start than me tryin' to separate myself from all you wonderful crackers.

Here she is now. Children, meet my new girlfriend, Veronica.

My God. Look at all these incredible bargains.

Say, did any of you children

Oh, they wouldn't remember me. All I did was cook for them.

Children, I heard about what happened at school today. Now, none of you took that nasty marijuana, did you?

Eh so he was saying, children should have help like he had! 

I don't know. Wha- what's the spread?

Can you see anything, children? 

Eric, where did you hear that song?

Uhh, maybe you'd better start from the beginning.

Gather around everybody, and listen good. Go to your homes and arm your...  What the hell are you supposed to be anyway?

Huh? Oh fine, fine.

Kindergarten?!

Well, if you want him to get really fat as fast as possible, one of you will have to marry him.

Aheeheh, you're out, Clyde! Heheheh.

How you doin'?

Rules are you have to have five dancers. We have no choice, children. We have to forfeit.

They're little cookies, with fudge in the middle. And I call them, "Fudge 'Ems" 

Don't you see? All this time I thought these little crackers had turned racist, when actually they were so not racist that they didn't even make a separation of black and white to begin with. All they saw when they looked at that flag was five people.

Okay. But I'm just gonna tap you. Alright?

Some say that on cold nights you can still hear him moanin', "I'm not gaaay! I'm not gaaay!"

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah. We apologize.

Hello, Eric!

Have a seat, children. Just try to relax and breathe.  Are you all okay?

My name is Chef, and these are the children! We've come to warn you about "shit".

Hello there, children!

All right. Now, where did you get served?

Nothing.  Anyway--

How 'bout you and me-

Nawh. I'm new in town.

Oh, sorry about whoopin' your ass there, Coach!
Ooo, baby, come on
Just whooped Denver's ass
Gonna need some cream for your ass
It's all swollen and red

Children, we've got to warn those producers in Hollywood that the plague, and "shit", could be linked!

Then we need an antidote!

Get off my property you brain eatin' zombie bastards!

Hello children.  I thought I'd check and see how our little entrepreneurial venture is going.

Well, you children should be careful with those. You could put somebody's eye out.

Well, how do we reverse the Ritalin?!

Hello there, children! What's all this I'm hearing about a new teacher?

Hello there, children.

Okay okay, relax children. Relax. It's all over now. Just try to calm down and sit tight.  I'm gonna call your parents and let them know you're okay.  Mrs. Marsh? Hi, it's Chef. Yeah, I'm good. Listen: Stan and his friends just got served. Yeah. Yeah, over at the True Value. No no, he's fine. They're all fine. Yeah, it was some kids from out of town. Apparently they were pretty good dancers. They really let 'em have it.

Stan, let me sing you a little song about the menstrual cycle. I think it might clear things up for you. 

No buts, Stan!  I love this woman, and I am marrying her! Now you can either accept that, or get out of my life! Now if you'll excuse us, we're having a party. 

Children!

-get together and make... sweet... love?

So you see, Mr. Big Record Producer,  "Stinky Britches" was something I wrote several years ago.

Look out children! 

Okay. 

Hey children, everybody! I'm back!  Ow.

Hello there children.

That doesn't make any God-damned sense!

Don't you get it, Garrison? It's all you! You're Mr. Hat and Mr. Twig! You've got split personality schizophrenic jeebies.

Yeah. She told me all about the powers of goddess, and how men have been oppressing women for years  and viewing them as sexual objects, and I realized that I had done that myself.

O-kay!  Wait a minute. What the hell did I just do?

