You're not really a vampire? Really? I'm so freaking shocked. 

The child did something none of us could: Reach level sixty on the PSP. Now I don't know if that's luck or perseverance, but it's Goddamned impressive. All right, Kenny, let me show you what we're up against.  This is the Kingdom of Heaven. Satan's armies will attack the gate ...here. They are... ten billion in number. Maybe more.  Our armies are here, here, and here. Just under... ten thousand strong.  We are outnumbered and in need of someone who can single handedly bring the whole Dark Empire down. Basically, Kenny, you... are Keanu Reeves. 

We aren't friends!

Yeah, I don't ever remember AC/DC singing about letting dudes beat up on their girlfriends.

Blanket? Blanket! Come play! 

All the adults are trying to get us. Get up to your room, Blanket, and put your mask on! We can't go outside anymore! 

I think you're awesome too, Cartman. 

Oh, Goddammit.

What the hell are you talking about?!

Alright alright, think of it this way: a goth believes that deep down the world is totally fucked up. But an emo thinks that deep down, they are totally fucked up.

No, the- they're ignorant. That's ignorant.

Are you stupid, Uriel? Japanese people don't have souls!

What should we do with him?

I just id- identify so much with children. Their innocence, their beauty. I think that God is in the face of every child.

You just can't cut down on your drinking, Randy. You need to know something. You have a disease.

Thanks.

No, Dr. Nelson, I'm telling you, you have to fly out here right now! My nose came off again!  I know you live in California; I'll pay for your plane ticket!  But I'm falling apart! I need some more of that cream and the injections! I have to look young again!  Oh, I'm melting!

That's real pain right there. 

Are you for real?

What?!

Go ahead and go back to your sunshine fairytale!

Wee, he can fly! He can fly!

She's only been there two weeks. They can't have changed her that much. Can they have? 

I have no idea what's going on.

Here we go guys! Zipliniiin'! 

This is Zipline Tours. We got sixteen more to go.

That's cool. I guess you can join up with us if you want.

Won't you imagine along with me?

Of course we know how to dance.

Emos suck! Their vile, self-pitying, depressed assholes!

Because she's Goth, and some ignorant people don't know the difference!

Hey, come over here. Look. 

We are running a little late, but if anyone really wants to know, we could take a few minutes.

It's not your mom, it's me.

Alright, you going next, Ricky? 

Randy, you are powerless to make that decision. The only thing that works is the 12-step program.  Step 1 is admitting that you are powerless to control your drinking. Only then can you move on to the other 12 steps, like, believing that only a higher power, God, makes you stop drinking. And then, turning your life over to that God and, humbly asking God to remove your weaknesses.

Shockabra! 

No, you just kind of did it on your own.

Oh yay, my friends are here! Come inside and play, guys!

So lame. So... Lame...

There must something else going on here.

None of us are in charge. We're all powerless.

We can be spacemen, 
or pirates on the sea
Chuckajamonah!
Yes we can do everything,
and I mean, everything!
Chuckajamonah!
Up in my Wishing Tree!
Hee hee! Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

We should go to the arcade. 

Shoot it! 

No waaay!  No way no waaaaaay!

A feeding tube?!

Wait, I thought we were cynical. ...What what whatever, it doesn't matter.

Aren't you Mike Makowski?

We aren't vampires.

We can't go home. There's a ghost in our house. Me and Blanket are scared.

Kentucky, yeah.

All right guys, this is where we're going to break for lunch.

Try and stay calm, the police are on their way.

After those bad guys, KITT! 

This golden PSP is king of all PSPs.

Don't take this the wrong way, but I think that place turned you into an emo.

We can't be a dance troupe with just guys. People will think we're fags.

Hey, Stan, whatcha doin'? 

All right, this is probably good enough.

I walked into the cafeteria today. Rebecca Miller and Philip Russ were dressed like vampires drinking Clamato juice with four kids from the football team.

That's right. Alcoholism is a disease. You're sick, Randy. You're very very sick. And just like with most diseases, you can't cure it yourself. And it's deadly.

D'huh?

Oh oh, we were just having a slumber party. 

As most of you know I once lost my job and my family because of my drinking. But with the help of AA I've been sober for ten years now.  Anyone have anything they wanna tell the groups, for starters?

I think it's wrong what the police do to wealthy black men.

It's about forty-five minutes.

Inappropriate? No, you're being ignorant. They're my friends. You see, I- I didn't have a childhood, so I'm really just a child myself.  Here, everything's okay. I want you each to have a hundred dollars. 

Oh I'm retired now, but, I was in... pharmaceuticals

Doesn't matter why. Pretty soon, the whole school is going to be an endless hive of conformist happy-go-lucky vampire wannabes.

Young man, do you know anything about the 12-Step Program?

Omigodnowaaaaaaaaay.

Yesss. Yes, Kenny! Satan's forces are retreating! This is TRULY a sight to behold! OH I wish I had a camcorder!  We have done it! We have defeated the armies of Satan! 

On a journey through both of our minds.

Sure Randy, go ahead.

Look at me, I'm Peter Pan.  T-shamon! 
I'm a little boy forever.  Hey!

It works just like the ones we sent to Earth. All the commands you make will be sent to the troops down on the battlefield. All you have to do is play the game, Kenny. Only this time, It's for reals.

Kenny remains our only hope! Here is what we must do.  Gabriel and Uriel, you go down to Earth and try to get that feeding tube removed. In the meantime  we will put all our troops at Heaven's Gate. We will try to keep Hell's Army from breaking through as long as possible.  Hopefully, it will be long enough to get our Keanu Reeves back.

What the hell are you doing to people?!

No, dude! You can't say "I miss you so much, babe. I want to hold you in my arms."

What are you doing with my Blanket?  Come on, Blanket, play with me. Jeechabee durtah! Hee! 

Next zipline's up here, we call it the Terminator.

Okay okay, look, emos are more prone to suicide.

Wait a minute. Emos are plants? 

Of course we're going to go with the PS4. They're blacker!

This is Michael with Wolf Home Security. Is everything all right?

Nooo waaaaay.

No, Blanket, stop!  It's ignorant. You're being ignorant!

Dainduh! Dainduh Dainduh!

Send our troops to the battlefield! I'll command as best I can!

Kick it over! Stop the plant!  Oh! Oh, thank God you're here. Emos are plants and they're invading human bodies.

Has she said one word to either one of you guys?

No! You've gotta listen to me! You don't know what you're doing!!  You fucking conformists!  They're evillll!

We're gettin' close. Are you guys gettin' psyched?!

I'm such a nonconformist that I'm not going to conform with the rest of you. Okay, I'll do it. 

Jesus, sorry dude, but we're at the summit. The only way down is to zip down.

No, NOOOOOOOOO! 

Well it's not religious. You just have to admit that there is some kind of god which has power over you and turn your life over to that god and ask him for forgiveness. That's the 12-step program, not religion.

You're right. I've been so obsessed with my childhood that I've forgotten about his. I thought having lots of rides and toys was enough, but... Blanket doesn't need a playmate. He needs a father, and a normal life. Chickuckoo gainuh.  Blanket, I wanna give away all my money. I- I wanna get a normal job and... take a shot at raising you in a normal setting. 

Alright guys, let's get movin'! Only ten minutes till our next zipliiine! 

So, everyone's saying there's gonna be a fight between Eric Cartman and your girlfriend.

Can't now, Mom! I've got an emergency!

Randy, uh what are you doing?

What did they do you you? At that camp?

Oh Kyle, Blanket, yay, it's a slumber party!

Choo-choo train, it's all fun and games.

Firkle! All this time I thought you were Goth! How long have you been Emo? 

Sooo lame! 

Let's ride and ride on the train together

Well you got your standard, your deluxe model, large sizes, but, if you're really lookin' for a workout you might wanna try the Big Gym. That woman over there is trying it out. 

Biggest seller the past four months. What models are you lookin' at?

Alright buys, we're here! 

It was all a prank by some douchey network reality show.

What's the matter, Stan? Did you have a bad dream?

Up here, you get the best tactical view to protect the fortress. It is from here, Kenny, that you shall command the armies of heaven.

Yeah. There's this Asian kid name Yao. He's an expert at that Dance Dance Revolution game. 

Alright Kyle, give me a "Zipliiine!"

Alright, let's hear you say "Zipliiine!"

Let's get out there and get zippin'! 

Let 'er rip! 

Oh, it all makes sense now! 

Oh yeah, you're right.

He can't quit by himself. None of us could. He needs divine intervention. Spirituality.

But goths are more prone to be depressed that so many people commit suicide

Oh, you mean the little kid with the herpes?

He should be. He's here playing that game every single day after school. I think he's spent about six thousand dollars on it so far. 

Thanks Michael.  Anybody have any questions?

What??

Oh-kay, should we contact the police?

Prepare the troops!  We must be ready for them!  The time is at hand, Kenny. The stage is set and the final battle between Heaven and Hell is about to begin! The fate of the outcome is in your hands.  Where'd he go?

Yeah.

Yeah, so listen: call up Firkle and meet me at Village Inn. I gotta run home, but I'll be there in ten minutes. 

But... that's not natural. God intended Kenny to die! What are these people doing?!

I just can't believe it. I can't believe parents would do that to their child.

Oh, and don't forget... to take in the nar. Back to you, Michael.

Alright, remember to keep your clear of the cable and just let your equipment do the work.  Now, when you're about halfway down the zipline, the camera's gonna take your picture, so when I call out "Shockabra!", look up and give the camera a nice "shockabra" . Alright, you ready?

Okay, we're contacting them now.

Wuchatennah! Jamonah! Heehee!

Yes. They called her an emo.

Hey there Michael. 

How about we send him to Transylvania?

All right, your turn, Stan. Read one of your poems about pain.

It's ignorant. 

Hey, can we get more coffee over here?

If you wanna be one of the non-conformists, all you have to do is dress just like us and listen to the same music we do.

Oh yeah, the stables. There's, there's a ranch right past that hill that rents out horses. I, I bet they can get you back.

Please don't make us go back home. Please! We're scared, we're scared!

Yeah.  The only cool way to dance is to keep your hands at your sides and your eyes looking at the ground. Then every three seconds you take a drag from your cigarette. 

What's that?

I would definitely recommend the voice assist. It has recorded voice commands to help motivate you in your workout.

I don't know.  She texted from the bus they put her on, then she said she wasn't even allowed to have her cell phone where she was going. Then all of a sudden her texts went dark.

No! I mean Henrietta. I confronted her and she was all like "I am emo! And emos are going to rule the world" and I was like "No waaay!" and she was like "Yeah, soon it will be too late." and I was all "No waaay!"

I just. Don't. Get it. We sent the head vampire kid to Scottsdale, but still more and more kids are dressing up like vampires.

No, they're vamp. They wear plastic fangs and drink freaking Clamato juice.

Jefferson! Michael ...Jefferson, yeh. Hey, you wanna play with me?  Come on, let's climb the tree!  Come on, climb the tree, climb the tree! 
Have you been up my... Wishing Tree? Tuh!
It's where I come to think and dream.
And now I'd like to show you my... Wishing Tree. 
Jam on!
Where we can laugh and giggle and scream. 
Hee hee!
Imagination is the key.

Now let's all sleep and dream
Heehee!
of fun and adventurous things
shamonah!
It's time for us all to say goodnight

No, Blanket, shhhh. Stop crying. It's okay, Blanket. Here, look.  Jeekabee durtah!  Ow!  There, Blanket, shhhh.  Hey, hey look, hey look.  I got your nose.  Look! Lookit, I got your nose. I got your nose, Blanket. See? 

Okay, well, this is a Ponderosa pine. It covers a more extensive area than other Ameri-

Blanket likes to play, don't you Blanket?  Wee, look! He can fly!

Let's ride the train! The train! 
Would you like to ride the train with me,
and start a magical journey?

Alright guys, should be about forty five minutes to the freshest nar nar. Why don't we go around the van and get to know each other a little bit?

Here I am, Blanket!  Heeee!  Jeh chabee durtah!  Blanket! Oh my beautiful blanket!

Of course. Freaking Hot Topic. That explains everything.

She said that her parents called her an emo and she had to go to this camp for two weeks.

Cartman, you have a beautiful voice.

Alright, here we are. Looks like we got some good nar to zipline through today. Uh, but before we climb up and start ziplining, does anyone care to know about these trees' biology?

Yeah! Because their hearts are full of greed and they have... doo-doo in their souls.

Chop wood? No, that's ignorant. That's poopie work. Blanket and me wanna play!

Small white ones, yes ma'am.  Standard or voice assist model?

Fuck all of you.

Yeah.

She won't even look at us. All she does now is hang out with the douchebag emo kids. 

Mememe! I'm first! I'm first!  Oooo, let's go ride the choo-choo train!

My Blanket! Let's play, Blanket! 

What? Where are you tay- No! NO!!  What the hell?? ...Oh my God.  Get me out of here! Let me go!

Come on, Blanket!

Shockabra! 

Oh my God, they killed Kenny! Get him into the command station! Hurry!  Satan's army charges! Tell our troops what to do, Kenny!  So it begins.  Now we shall see the final battle between Heaven and Hell play out!  Yesss, good, Kenny! The angel spearmen are taking out their demon soul rippers! Oh, the cavalry angels are clashing with their Black Knights! Oh my God! My God, this battle is epic! Ohh, they're bringing in their demon dragons! Look at the size of them! My God, this is even bigger than the final battle in the Lord of the Rings movie! It's like, it's like TEN times bigger than that battle!

Ready to do some ZIPPIN'?

