And now your second nominee, Turd Sandwich. 

Attention students, we have tallied your mascot nomination sheets, and there will now be a school-wide vote between the top two nominations. So here is the first most-requested candidate, a giant douche. 

Alright, now the French Revolution was basically started by a young man named Marius. , who only knew Jean Valjean as an older man, and uh-  ...uh, the French government at the time was led by Javert, who was trying to-

Boys, you did it! You killed the Wall-Mart!

Now, that's a whore! 

Oh, looks like somebody else is doin' a little partyin' tonight.

That's right, Stanley, the eco-terrorists win.  Now, I have here a mascot selection sheet. Every student is supposed to check the box next to the mascot they like the most. And the most popular selection will be the school's new mascot.

Hell no! I've been savin' this spot for six hours! 
His name is Garrison, Mr. Garrison. He lost ten pounds takin' Jared's lead-

There he is, beatin' that dead horse!

Let's burn it down!

Well what are you doing here, Randy?

Then it's time... We can undo the banner! 

Oh, ge-get outta here!  Ge-get out!  Jesus, where do they keep coming from?!  Go on, get outta here.

It's like we're a real town now. 

Thank you, aging, hippie, liberal douche.

Get down to Metzger's Field! It's about to happen! 

Hey everybody, it's time!  It's time!

Oh, hello Wendy. Are you all right?

No, those are fine. PETA doesn't care about people.

Give him time, Wendy. Give him time.  Come on, Mr. Slave.

All right, children, the school board has mandated that I must now teach class in both present-day English and Futurespeak.

Ge-get outta here, PeTA! We're changin' the mascot already!

Now children, it's not that bad. There's plenty of great new mascots on the sheet to chose from. The Hurricanes, the Blizzards, the Redskins, the Indians...

So, with that in mind, let's continue our lessons on verbs. Remember that there are transitive verbs such as  "The boy threw the red ball," which in Futurespeak of course, is  Everyone say it with me?  Aaand there are intransitive verbs, such as  "The 11:15 bus from Denver arrived twelve hours late." Or in Futurespeak, "Vvut."

"AIDS quilt" 

F-from from me?

Yeah, lets all shop over at True Value!

Oh, Jesus, not PeTA again.

Well sure, come on in. Mr. Slave is right over here. 

...Oh dear. Mr. Slave, I think you and Wendy better have a little talk. I'll make some cocoa.

All right, children, I have just been informed that since our school has been attacked by eco-terrorists for the 47th time, we are going to change our school mascot.

Oh yeah, sure, you're just buyin' that for your bad coughs, right?  Us too. 

Mr. Slave, little Wendy from class wants to see you.

Okay, now let's get back to it, kids. What kind of verb is this?  "The sad girl puts balls in her mouth." Or, in Futurespeak of course, "Gluch gligh balls glych gligh."

