The operators apparently run their business out of a sleazy strip joint down in Inglewood. They're all cop killers, so I'm sending you in undercover. 
One UPS vehicle valued at twenty-five thousand dollars, one civilian vehicle valued at sixteen thousand, the second floor of the post office AND a coffee shop valued at sixteen thousand! The mayor's gonna have my ass!
Okay. There's a meth lab down at 567 Mala Vista. The operators are probably armed to the hilt with illegal weapons. I want you to get down there and see what you can find!
W-hell, that's fantastic, kids. And for all your terrific sleuth-solving, I'm hereby making you all Junior Detectives. 
Christ! Those junior detectives have no regard for the law! 
I'm probably going to regret this, but, well, I'm promoting you to full detectives. There'll be lots of action, and that big paycheck you've always wanted. 
All right, so ready for your first assignment?
What?! Now you listen to me! I'm givin' you one last chance! You're good cops, but you let your emotions get in the way! And your little "shoot first ask questions later" technique has no place in this century! Now you get down to that strip joint and you do it by the books, you got it?! The mayor is on my ass and blablablah! 
That means you boys are now an official part of the department.
You got careless! Now, I don't know how they do things down at that dog-and-pony show they call the Fourth Grade, but here we have rules! Jesus, we don't have guys to question now, because you killed them all!
I don't want any problems. Just take them down by the books. Now get over there; the mayor's all over my ass on this one!  On, and deputies: you screw this up and I'll have you working graveyard shift behind a desk! Move it! 
Hello there little crime stoppers, I'm Lieutenant Dawson with the Park County Police. I heard you did a great job finding Sarah Peterson's doll.
Looks like that meth lab you took down was the tip of the iceberg. They found a paper trail leading all the way to the biggest crime syndicate in Colorado.
One more slip-up like that and I'll have your badges! You hear me?! Now hit the showers!
God damnit! Those junior detectives and their heroicly reckless ways! Murphy! Jenkins! Hopkins! Get in there! 
