Okay. Try this one on for size: Why did the... pigeon cross the road?

Go? We still have over fifty awards to hand out.

Do you think things can ever go back to n-n-n, n-no, normal after this?

Sorry Eric, but I've gotta write some jokes. Unless you wanna team up or somethin'.

Yeah, Dad. We've been going out since we met in Free Period last week.

I am gonna k-kick your ass!

Woohoo! Alright!  Oh boy, what a terrific audience. Can I get a wuhwuhwuh what? What?  We're here today to honor those who t-t-tirelessly work so hard to make us laugh. The first comedy award we are presenting is for the funniest kid in school. And the nominees are: 

Gee, sure, that'd be great! Thanks, fellas.

Boy, isn't this great fellas? Are we great pals or what?

Please welcome your host, Jimmy Valmer. 

But don't you see? This is why comedy is for humans. You need to leave the jokes to people like me and Adam Sandler.

Sorry, able-bodied, you can't join.

Ing-mar ...Bergman.  Now you say, "Ingmar Bergman who?" 

She's what?

Before school starts. Everyone's gonna get there early.

Go!  You shall not...pah..? You shall not..puh...  You shall not paah...  You shall not pa--!  You shall not paah--!  You shall not puh-uh-uh--  You shall not pass. 

Oh hey Eric. Just workin' on some jokes.

C-C-Cartman's army is getting bigger every day. In addition to the Federation and the kindergartners, the XBox army now also has the kids who play Harry Potter, the jocks, the swim team, and the glee club.

They're taking it to the vi... the vi... the vii...

A what? Oh, you mean the fellas. Well sure. But I can't talk about the club on account of its sssuper secret, dawg.

To be perfectly frank, I peed in the pool about tututwenty five seconds ago.

Oh boy, Timmy, it's our favorite time of year.

I have no problem taking the test. I have nothing to hi-huhiii-hide

But the talent show is tomorrow!  Ooo!

You can s-, you can suck, suck my balls!

Hey Stan, did you see Clyde's going out with Lisa B-b-Berger?

Wow! Thanks, Eric.

No! No! 

Rih, r-r-really?

Okay, w-where's the maintenance room?

Kenny's down. K-k-kenny is down. 

Fellas! Do you have any idea how difficult comedy is? Can't we just spend one lunch and recess saying thanks to those who make us smile and laugh every day?

You you aren't gonna... tell anybody, are you?

I got you, Nut Gobbler! 

Here you go.  Here you  go. Don't forget to...  vote, everyone.  Here you go, fellas. Be sure to get these handed in tomorrow.

That video could have been made by Sauron's evil f-...forces.

Well hello, officers.

Gee, thanks a lot. See you next time.

That'd be great! I've always wanted to work with you. You're really funny and you're totally not fat.

The Games are in two days, Nancy. I can't be w-wasting my time.

Oh, I'm sorry.

N-no, Dad.

Yeah! Yeah!  Yeah, I did it!  Yeah! Yeah! '

Wop. Wop, Wop wop, Wopwop Gangnam Style. 

Ke...c-come again?

All right! I I keep getting an erection for no reason! Okay! But I can't get any of the girls here to let me... do it to them.

There you go. Feel better, p-pal? 

Martha Stewart is out of jail. Have you seen this? Have you heard about this?

Wow. You know, I've never thought of it that way before, but you're right. If you're pissing blood, you can shove a tampon up your peehole. You are very insightful. Please tell me more.

Face it: Stan's crappy singing is what sssunk us!

Put on the hat!

We get to see all our old friends again. Hey, there's Frances. Hey Frances!

Well, we, we were just talking about ideas for jokes and then-

What what's that? 

Well, wha-what do I do?

I wonder... oo-oo.. w-why?

Get close to him!  How much do I owe you?

Well, I did Ecstasy once.  Me and my girlfriend took it and we stayed up all night having... sex. 

The Ch-Chinese will take someone to space for t-t-ten million dollars.

Theh-they're all just... jealous.

It's a figure of speech with crippled people. We'd say we lost an arm and a leg, but they ain't worth much.

Sure. I know the p-perfect place.

On the s...seventh day of Christmas my t...true love ...

I know this stuff is hard to understand. Trust me, I know. I'm an addict too. But I got help.

Look! My gang, which I can't talk about because it's super secret, is the most important thing to me now! And if you two don't like it, you can just pass the blunt to the nigga on your left. 

Come on. Come on!

Say, fellas! Thanks a lot for goin' to my ...c-comedy show! 

Do you feel like maybe you're l-l-losin' her, S-Stan?

Yes, I do have a problem, as a matter of fact! I've spent all my money on this ho, and she's now my only shot at getting laid, and the talent show is only a couple of hours from being over.

Wow, what a terrific audience. So apparently it's been exactly two years since the fall of Baghdad. Have you seen this? Have you heard about this? Just as B-Bush predicted, Baghdad fell, Iraq fell, Saddam fell. The only thing that didn't fall was ...the price of gas.  I just read in the paper that China's protesting Japan. Have you seen this? Have you heard about this? Yeah, I guess in China you don't get to-  You've gotta be kidding me.

We can't help him now.

Top athlete, yeah! '

Ur ur re- ur really?

Oh boy, Timmy, we should have never started a gang for people crippled from birth. Now they're at war with the people who are crippled from an accident. Boy were we wrong.

Yeah yeah, let's do it to Clyde.

Hey fellas. I was just in the neighborhood and I thought I'd stop by to s-gif- gift basket.

So I made up my mind that I've just got to find the Tardicaca girl I did adore.

Say fellas, Jimmy and I were wondering if maybe you would come and cheer for us next S-S-Saturday. We're both competing in the Special Olympics down in Denver.

Hold it! Don't you see? It doesn't matter if we were crippled from birth, or crippled in an accident. We're all brothers.

All righty then.

Well... then maybe I'll just use them a-al-little bit. You know, as a per-formance en... hancer.

Ooh, Christopher Reeve! Whoop-de-freakin-do!

I said, "I mean,  Come on!"

And so I said to him, "Hey, I- I may be handicapped, bu-but I'm not... deaf."  Wow, what a terrific audience. Well, for my next joke I'm gonna need a vo-volunteer from the audience, very much. How about you, Timmy?

Please sir, the kids at my school are all being held hostage, and if we don't speak to Funnybot, they could all be k-k-killed.

Yeah! And the most unbelievable part? It's totally free. You should download it to your phone right now. I mean, come. On. If it's free, why wouldn't you?

Wow, these guys really are crippled.  Timmy, I have a feeling that this is the start of something b-b-b-b...b-b-brilliant.

Well, y-you gotta admit, Lisa Berger is pretty hot, Wendy.

Fine, Mom.

From the n-n- from the nn-, from the nn-

Your girlfriend is a whore!

Butters!

To be in our club, not only do you have to be c-c-crippled, but you have to have been born that way. Do you know what that means? No butthole Superman asswipe Christopher Reeve!

Say Timmy, did you notice that all the crippled people in that club are negros?

P-patent?

Wow, seems like you know a lot about this stuff, Eric. Have you gotten laid before?

Nut Gobbler, grab onto my crutch! 

I needed the money, alright?!  I downloaded Yum Yum Sparkly Gem Forest because it was free. I love the sparkly little gems. The sounds they made when I got new ones. Then I made my first in-app purchase. Before I knew it I had spent my allowance, then my birthday money, I LOST my CRUTCHES!

There's nothing here, Kyle. Not even one s-s-scooby clue.

Well, Stan. Do you feel, uhb- better now?

I said I'm coming! Give me a Goddamned s-second!  Hold it. 

...Excuse me, can you use a different terminology please?

We just have one question before we join your c-club. Do you think it's better to be born a Crip, or to become a Crip later by accident?

Not really. You're just a hooker, and I need to get laid. The talent show could be over any minute.

I guess we all learned that trying to get along is way better than p... player hatin'.  The gang wrote a song about it. Why don't we listen in?

Who would take a d-dump in a urinal? It's such a s-senseless crime.

Out on the beach with my cute little peach where the waves are rolling in so highHolding her hand, our feet on the sand-

But if he's 1% of 17%, then he's .17%.

With her naughty little wiggle. I know someday

Well, like, try this one on for size: Knock knock.

Yeeessss!  Yes! Yes!

Yeah that's that's that's pretty nice. 

Sucking Cartman's b-balls.

...So the Pope says, "What are you, a stinking e-evolutionist?"

Oh my God. You-you're right, Timmy. You're totally right.  Everyone, can I have your attention, please?  I'm afraid I have to give back my medal. The truth is, I haven't been playing fair either. I've been using st-steroids. I was willing to do anything to be the best, and the steroids made me blind to the people I was hurting.  A good friend even tried to talk me out of it, and I wouldn't listen to him.  Taking steroids is just like pretending to be handicapped at the Special Olympics.  Because you're taking all the fairness out of the game. But I know now that even if you do win on steroids, you're really not a winner. You're just a p-pussy. You're just a  big fat p-p-pussy, and if you take steroids, the only decent thing to do is come forward and say,  "Remove me from the record books, because I am a big, stinky p-pussy- "  "-steroid-taking jackass."  That's how I feel about myself, and why I must decline this medal and my place in the history books. And if you'll let me, I'll be back next year. To compete with honor.  '

Oh! Agh! Ju-just a second! 

Can you believe it, Timmy? All this time there was a group for truly crippled people like ourselves, and we didn't know it.

Well what are you, Eric? A gay fish?

Any word on who shot up me and Timmy's houses, officer?

S-s-s-ssseven!

She just- w-walked away, Stan. You're gonna have to face facts. It's over. 

Hey Bertha.

Du... du... dude.

Hey fellas, w-where is Cartman? 

Sure, come on up here, Tim-Tim.  Timmy, ladies and gentlemen. Let's give him a hand, very much. Come to think of it, give him a pair of legs, too.  Here, Timmy, put on this silly hat.  Just for a second, Timmy.  Don't be a jerk, Timmy.  Hey, don't push me!

We sure do. Thanks, Mr. Apple...b-by.

Aha! I thought I would find you here, Triceratops!

Oh boy, here it comes! Here it comes! 

Christopher Reeve? Christopher Reeve?!

Well hello everyone. 

Hello, Mrs. M-marsh. Can I help g- Can I help you get a sh- shopping cart today?

Yeah well, I guess I'll be seeing you, you friends later. 

Well, Nut Gobbler, I need to get laid.

I'll tell you one thing: their food hasn't been getting along with my stomach for years.

Yeah. Where the hell have you guys ...been?

What's that? Oh, and one medium lemonade, please.

Well, so, w-who is she?

Sir, sir!

Well, the, the reason I think I would make the perfect foreh- friend, is that I love telling jokes. You know, who doesn't like to laugh?

...and the winner for best comedy performance in a movie is...  Ben Stiller! Come on up here, Ben.  Is Ben Stiller here?  No? Huh... I guess B-ben Stiller could not be with us, so I'll accept this award on his behalf.  And the award for funniest correspondents dinner speech goes to...  President Obama!  Is President Obama here? No? Ah I guess we'll just accept this award on his behalf.

You bet. 

Oh Jesus!  You gonna start running your mouth off again?  P-push it! Push it!

Fellas, can I have a moment with Stan, please?

And a p-p-par-tridge in a p-peeeaaar treeee. 

Why you be trippin', Mom? I mean  come on. I'm finally a part of something, very much.

Come on, Sir Stan. There must be kids somewhere who will join us. 

Actually it was potato chips.

Well gee, that's really nice of you, Mr. ...Chinese person.  Look Tim-Tim, we got a cash prize. We must be the ...one hundredth customer or something.

What's this all about?

Well, I don't think I did too well in the... bathing suit competition. But I can't wait for the talent show competition. That'll really my chance to... shine.  Wow, what a terrific audience. So anyway, a guy walks into a buh- ...A guy walks into a b- ...buh...  A guy walks into a guy walks into a  babuh ba-a-a, uh- 

I'm gonna try to make that Tardicaca gally mine, gally mine.'Cause all the while I'm dreaming of her. My Tardicaca Hola Gal!
Oh sorry, that's not right. Hang on. '

Look, Sir Stan, it's probably time to give this up.

I have had it with those loud, annoying, f-f-f f-faggots.

Uh, sure?

Oh my sweet J-Jesus!

Yes Ma'am. 

Wow, Shawna, you look f-fantastic.

Fellas! Don't you see? This proves my point. We have to elevate our ideas up, not down.

...Colfax Point?

On the el- el- el- eleventh of C- Christmas my t...true love gave to me, e-eleven p-p-pipers p-pu-p-piping...

Orange you glad I didn't say banoo'n? Orange you glad I didn't say banoo'n? Orange you glad I didn't say bbb? Orange you glad I didn't say beh buhuhnnnaana?

Come on.

Wait a minute. Fishsticks... Fish. Dicks.  Ohmigod! It's so obvious. How did I never think of it before? 

Don't lecture me on the complexities of sportsmanship. You know as well as I do most of the kids in Special Olympics aren't shooting up to compete. I'm just trying to k-keep up.

Sir, sir, that is my ho!

A present? You got me a p-present?

No need to worry about me. I'm cool like a fool in a swimming ppp-ppp-pp-pp-pool. 

Right. Because you and Mom used to make fun of crippled kids in high school.

An interrupting ca'ow.

Stan says you're a cont... you're a- cont- S-Stan says you're a cont- cont-

For- Forw- Forw-w-w what?

...You didn't see the new Indiana Jones movie?

You did a great job in the 500, Timmy. You're really im-p-p-proving.

But this is real news!

Turhr... Ohokahay. Okay, now let's wait ten seconds.  Okay now, t-tell me the first one again?

Nuh uh! Wuh. Huh. Waaagh! Ungh! 

I said, shut your mouth, bitch! Why did you make me do it, huh?!  You're not leavin' anybody! You just keep your G-Goddamned mouth shut and do what you're t-t-t-uh-tol-told!  '

Well, that sure was a terrific time. Let's go all around tomorrow and show everyone our new outfits, Timmy.

Timmy and I are competing in a variety of events.

Eric, there's something I really need to know.

Well Bertha, I was wondering if I could stick my penis in your vagina?

Look: we hve the whole rec room to ourselves. Can't we all just try having some fun together?

Wow, this is the greatest day of my life. Thanks everyone, for this incredible award.

Well fellas, entertainment is my life. I love being in front of everyone.  Aaah!

And how about that school counselor? "Uh, dr-, drugs are b-bad."  "Uh. Drugs are bad, okay? Uh, drugs are, drugs are bad, okay? Okay?"  Wow, what a great audience. "Mr. Hat. Be quiet, Mr. Hat. Mr.-"  "Hello there, children. Mr. Hat. Hello- Mr. Hat"  "I'm making Salisbury steak for lunch."  "Salisbury steak for lunch." Eh. Uh. "Goddamnit, Goddamnit!"  And of course, my very favorite, "Timmy! Huh. Timmy! Uh liv-, I'm living a lie! I'm living a lie, Timmy!"  "Ti- Timmy, I'm living a lie. Heh, heh. Ah Timmy." Heh. Sometimes it's like, "Please, Timmy, learn a new word," heh. "Timmy! Tu-Timmy!" 

No. Actually, I'm a stand-up comic.

... Gee, you didn't have to do that. I mean, I understand why you've been jealous of my talent.  If you work at it, maybe you could be as... handi-capable as I am, huh?  Wow, a parka.  You-you didn't have to do that, Tim-Tim.

The Park County School Board has approved a bigger budget for the computer lab up-

I always knew deep down that Wendy didn't have any ba-ba-balls.

Funnybot, this is not a good joke. There won't be anyone around to laugh.

Wow, what a great audience... How about this classic? Knock-knock.

I have a raging hard-on that just won't quit, and the talent show has already started.

Wow, w-we've got to do something, Timmy. We've gotta get the Crips and Bloods to sstop fighting. I bet if we could just get them together... but how? Wu-wait a minute! I've got it! A lock-in at the rec center! We did it for our church once. All we do is rent out the rec center overnight. They lock the doors so nobody can leave, and then everyone has the whole night to play in the swimming pool and laugh and talk.

And the second?

Yeah! Fuck yeah!  Yeah, I did it! I'm the b-bub-best!  '

Don't worry, fellas. I learned my lesson. I promise: there's not gonna be any comedy awards next year!

What- what am I supposed to s-say?

Ruh Rehh... Red

Wow, what a great audience.  Well, just in case you were wondering, I do have a disability. I am totally happy with the way I was born, very much. I travel to different states and talk to kids about being proud of what they are. My mom says that God has a p-plan for everyone. I guess I was plan B.  You guys like im- personations? 

Wow, what a great audience. I just flew into South Park. Boy, are my crutches tired!  What a terrific audience. You know, sometimes people ask me, "Are you angry at God for making disabled people?" I say, "No, I think the world is better with puh-President Bush." 

And that's all for Super School News. Enjoy your day at South Park Eh-Eh-Eh-Eh- &gt; Ehehehehe  Eh-Elementary. /&gt;

Fellas, this is our chance! Everyone get your hair looking as fantastic as possible. It's time for us to do the most incredible investigative news report of our journalistic lives!

Wuh w-what?!

Eric, I can't tell you why, but it's very important that I score to-night! Can you come on the date and help me? You're like a white... Hitch.

Thanks, Eric, for being so understanding.

M ma um m-me too.

Yeah. Let's face it, we're winners.

Oh he-hey, N-Nathan.

Yeah. Yeah, I'm real excited. REAL excited... for some reason... Oh, Jesus! What's wrong with me?

Well jumpin' Jesus, what are we wasting our time here for then? The talent show is happening right now! Let's get to r-r-rammin'! 

Yeah. S-see ya, Eric. 

Oh, hey Eric. I was just trying to write some new jokes for my comedy  ...rou-routine.

So then, how come you came?

Here, watch. 

See?

And the winner is... the Germans!  Uhhh... I guess unfortunately the Germans could not be with us tonight. So I will accept this award on their behalf.  Auf Wiedersehen.  And now, for the Kathy Griffin Award. The Kathy Griffin Award will be given each year to the person who is most likely to actually show up to receive the Kathy Griffin Award. And the winner is...  Tyler Perry. 

Ahb. A fireman and a p-p-Polack are eating marshmallows when-

W-well, I-I mean he, he was in the room.

No, the video suh... the video s...tih...

Pssst. Hey, kid. Come over here.  Yeah, come on over. Ch-check this out. You looking to have some fun?

But the talent show is tomorrow night!

You too, Francis. 

Well, where is the videotape rented from?

Timmy and I made a ...T-shirt design for our new club.  We just came up with a name this morning. 

The Italian meatballs are fa-fantastic.

Butters, do you know what you're supposed to do when your penis gets hard?

Uh besides us, it's the book club and Janice Pinkerton.

Well, he didn't actually... write any of it. He just uh...

Sure do.

No don't worry, everybody. I'm sure that Germany can take a joke just like the rest of us. 

The... B-Bloods?

Hunh?

Eh, b-base.

Yeah. I wouldn't mind t-tah-t-tappin' that ass.

...There's already a Crips?!

Wow, thanks Eric.

Hey, you're really onto something there.

All you're doing is making the other 99% more angry. I warn you: this could turn very ugly.

Yeah, she isn't as hot in person.

What do I have? The weapon of comedy. So apparently the Chinese and the Japanese aren't getting along lately. Have you seen this? Have you heard about this?

It's the enemy! Defensive po-po-p-po-p-positions! 

Should I try telling him a fa-fantastic joke?

Sir! I paid for that lady, and by taking her, you are no better than a common th-thief!

Gee, that's a terrible thing, Eric. Um comedy can be the best therapy, very much.

Hey! Just what the hell do you think you're doing, Eric?! '

Ruh really? Wow, you would help me even though I'm crippled. You are caring and not fat. 

Lies! These are all a bunch of lies!  Now you listen here, El, Pollo Loco! It doesn't matter if your wife was killed, you cannot keep Irene's aborted baby!

B-b-bingo!

S-s-s-so what are you gonna do now, huh?! You gonna be a fuckin' narc and show that b-bottle to the... coaches?!  Don't think you're any better than me, Timmy! I'm just living in the real world!  Fuck!

What are you doing here, El, El Pollo Loco?

That's right. Red Robin has doors on the inside that go right out into the mall.

Hey Stan.

Why not?

This is authentic Italian food straight from S-Sicily. You should try the Lotsa Mozzarella Pizza Roll.

Alright blue team. As team captain, I need to make sure we are ready for the big camp competition.

What's happening now?

You betcha, pal. 

Why don't we at least give it a chance? I mean,  Come on! 

But nobody can leave until it's seven a.m., so if you wanna have a good time, you're all just gonna have to learn to get along.  Theeerrre's pizzaaa.

Yeah, b-bigger, stronger! 

It's a snap at Tardicaca Camp to learn to do the hula hula danceI fell in love with a Tardicaca dove while doin' that funny funny dance.And that poor little kid, why she never did know what love had in store.So I made up my mind-

This is an outrage! Who out there is saying that our friend Stan is a liar?

Right. And then I say, "Yeah."

S-s-ss-s-s-steroids?  ...But aren't those illegal?

I thought I could go on like before. But after seeing Indiana get raped... After seeing Indiana get raped I know I'll never be the sa-a-ame, the same? The same.  Do you remember that scene with Indiana in the refrigerator?  It didn't make any sense, Stan.

Is it my responsibility what people decide to do with their feh-f-free time? I was just a middleman.  People were going to learn about the game somewhere if not from me. I'm not the one who made it.

Eugh! Stay on him! I'm not giving up! 

You have to forfeit the fight, Rad Russian! You cannot fight until your test results come ba-back

You're not leaving me! You try to leave me and I'll kill you, bitch!

Sorry Mims, I I just can't remember it.

Hey fellas.

Come on. We have to take the bus to Five Points in Denver.

I think maybe he's f-feeling it.

You get all the Crips you can to the rec center tomorrow night, Timmy. And I'll try to get all the ...Bloods there.

Dad, I'm really feeling sad and let down right now, and I feel like I can't even get a response from you. Could I at the very least please just get a what what-what?

Really? M-maybe I can catch the bus ...and get down there before the talent show ends. Th-thanks, Officer Barbrady! 

I gotta guh, I gotta go! See ya fellas.  Eh, excuse me! Evuh evuh - excuh, cuh, cuse me! Excuse me, puh-please. 

For God's sake,why Mr. M-M-Meryl?!

Oh wow, this is so exciting, isn't it?  And the winner is...  Oh my God! Jimmy Valmer! I can't believe I w- won! 

Moooooo!  ...What a terrific audience. 

Yo, don't be dissing my niggaz, dawg. They're my f... friends.

Wow, I've never thought of it that way before, but you're right.

Orange.

I told you, lock-ins at the rec center always work. And you know, I've learned something, too. I was player-hatin' Christopher Butthole Reeve because he got more attention than me. But just like... y-you guys, I need to learn to control my a... anger.

The-they do??

Well, I sure have met a lot of interesting people here in South Park.  H-how about that Eric Cartman kid, huh? "Goddamnit! God-. No, Kitty, that's my pot pie! Goddamnit! Eh, Goddamnit!" 

Look it's really none of your b-b-b-beeswax, Timmy!

I know who he is! But why is everyone ditching my comedy show to see him?!

Hey, I-I'm gonna need some help getting in the log, fellas.

Well I just but I buh I was, gonna ebeh-

This is my fault, Stan. I should have never told you the game was fuh fufuh fan-fantastic.

She's sure to make you g-giggle.

S-s-seven!

Wow, what a great audience. For my first joke, I'm going to need a... volunteer. Come on up here, Tim-Tim.  Timmy, when I tell you to do something, you do it!

We're goin' to pop some punk-ass Bloods.

How about Jimmy Stewart? "Merry Christmas, movie house." And John Travolta. "Oh my God, Mr. Kotter! Mr. Kotter, oh, oh my God, Mr. Kotter!"

Oh! Hey Kyle!  Kyle, hang on a sec. 

So is that when I t- tell you that your girlfriend is a whore?

How do you know?! You you haven't s-seen it yet!

Okay, I think, that's it. Number 2?

Hurr a little Tardicaca...

Hey fellas.

Oh, I'm so glad you think so, Shawna, because I really wanna stick my penis in your vagina.

Yes, you certainly are. And for doing that, we have all decided to give you... a comedy award.

Hello, Mr. McGillicuuhuhuhh... Mr. McGillicuddy. 

Wow, what a what a great audience. So apparently Martha Stewart is out of jail. Have you have you heard about this, have you seen this? She's very excited to get started on her new show, "Martha Stewart Living, with an electronic ankle bracelet."  So it looks like the Vatican has finally chosen a new Pope. Have you seen this, have you heard about this?  A-a-apparently they're going to call him New Pope, a-and refer to John Paul as P-Pope Classic.  Uh,.. so it so it looks like Michael Jackson is having back problem in court.  You know... huh... you uh you know what they say about b-b-b-b-back problems.  Uh, uh gee, what a terrific audience.  What a fantastic audience.

Oh boy! Oh thank God! 

Huah!

Oh... Hi, Officer B b-b-buh b-b-buh b-Barbrady.

Really?

Ah I don't see a b- b- Bat-Mobile.

Of course.

Hey, can it, jackass! I just don't want them to know I was here with a different girl.

See ya tomorrow at the bake sale, fellas.

Why do you think freemium games send you those text notifications when you haven't played in a while? It's called a trigger. A quick image to trigger the addict's brain. They know exactly what they're doing.

Just hangin' out. What are you up to?

Well, we're glad you see it our way, fellas. So can we join your g... group?

Yo, Mamsie. What's up, Pops?

Wow, coming up with ideas is... hard.

In her... va-vagina.  Thank you, thank you. What a terrific audience.

Thank you. 

I'm... not gonna perform in the talent show. 

It's called a lock-in at the rec center. We can use all the rec center facilities. We can play basketball, go swimming, or even just kick it in the lounge area with some games and ...p-puzzles.

I'm... I'm sorry?

Butters, ah I really need to talk to somebody, and I think maybe you're the only person who won't make f-f-fun of me.

Fuh, fuck me, it's a leprechaun.

Can you believe this asswipe, Timmy?

Yeah, beat it, j... jackass. 

I'm glad we're best friends now. See ya at Scouts. 

Oh, so you used ssstemm cells like Christopher Reeve?

Dz-n-Doctor Pal?

I just c-can't risk getting up in front of everyone.

Uhhh, just uh ahh not right this second, Mr. Mackey.

Not much. I just wanted to make sure you heard the fuh-fantastic news. There's a new Terrance & Phillip mobile game, and it's so amazing and incredibly fun.

More snow for South P... P-P-Park. Here's Token Black with the weather.

You've gotta swim over here, Kyle.

Well, sir, we believe that the 1% should be dropped from the fitness results, so that our scores can be more accurate.

Jesus Christ, I think I've died and... gone to... heaven.

What was that? 

Alright Mimsy, m-maybe you can show me how it's done. 

What kind of shortcuts?

M-Maybe you should just talk to her. You know, a little conversation. Tell her... what you feel. Sometimes you feel like there's a b-burnin' inside you, like a-

Yeah.  We've gotta geh- ...geh... get the hell ...outta here f- f-hast fast. 

Sounds good.

Really??

Come on!

N-n-no, you retards! The video s...tore!

Sorry Eric, but I really need to work, very much. I haven't written a good joke in over a week.

Ohhhh nothin'. You just might wanna... hire Tarzan to do some... landscaping work for your mom. 

Come, on, just try it out. You can be Terrance or Phillip or both. You can walk around and collect Canada cash to build new stuff.  It's the perfect thing if you're bored. And honestly, the best part about it, is it's free. I mean, come. On. Why wouldn't you download it, and just try it out? 

Uh, I'm just gettin' ready for cla-

Fellas! Fellas, I got fant-tastic news! The vice-President, Dick Cheney, was in Denver yesterday, and I got an interview with him for our news show. 

The price of milk money will go up next Monday to 49 cents. The school claims the added money is due to the cow shortage in South Park County.

I agree. I mean, it's like  "come on"! Why do these people who become crippled later in life think they're such great pot-potatuhs?

Hey, what's the matter, Kyle? You seem b-b-bu-bbbummed out.

You know that the PS4 is a better choice. I mean, come on.

You guys, this is stupid.

Suh, suh, suh, suh, Sssunday driver!

I beg to differ with you, sir. I paid for her and took her out to dinner. She's my ho!

Is that... Is that how it happened?

Timmy? Timmy? I told you to put on the HAT!!  You dirty motherfucker! 

Son of a ...b-bitch!  Taxi!  Follow that pimp and ho! 

Well it's probably bu-better if you don't think about it, Kyle.

Heheh, I get it. General Tso's chih-chih-chicken.

Oh, I don't think that'll be hard. I've been working on my rr... routine.

Wow! Wow! She looks great!

Yes?

Wow, what a terrific audience. Isn't this great.  Can I get another wuhwuh wha wha what what?  And now it's time to give out the award for the least funny people in the world. And the nominees are: 

You can check the freezer. There might be some frozen fishsticks or somethin', if you like fishsticks. 

Ah- are you sure?

Thanks again, Tim-Tim.

But, Mr. Meryl, we're trying to bring the news to the students. They need to know the facts, and our news team delivers them, very much.

Hey, j-j-jackass!  I'm sorry I resorted to calling you jackass just now, but I'm very upset!

Thanks a lot, fellas. Well, we gotta get down to the training center and start working out. Word is we have a lot of sssstiff competition this year.

Do you know where they meet? We've already tried the rec center and the library.

They pay me to!

What?!

Oh wow, this is incredible! 

Alright alright! I never played it. I stay away from the stuff.

Kyle please! For fu-fu for for-fu-fuck's sake, don't do anything drastic.

Wow Eric, in-credible! Too bad I'm a dick and I'm gonna take all the credit. Su-su-suck it, bitch!

You can't run away from it forever,  Stan! Sooner or later, we all have to face what we fe-fe-fehh fehsow.

Excuse me, Funnybot. My name is Jimmy, and I'm a stand-up comic. You're putting a lot of good people out of work.

Well, Timmy, I guess we learned an important lesson, too, very much. There is room for more than one handi-capable person in Scouts.

Yeah. Go on, beat it, re... rr-retard! 

Nobody cared about my standup comedy! All that hard work just to be outshined by C-Christopher Reeve the super b-butthole!

Duh-n, don't worry fellas. Everything's gonna be okay.

What all the addiction programs say is true. You've gotta reach out to a higher power, Stan. You've gotta get down on your knees, and you've gotta say "I have a problem." And you've gotta ask that higher power for help. 

Oh, we will. 

Yeah, it sure is tough. I'm training really hard, but I'm not improving fast enough, and the Special Olympics are a... week away.

Yeah, nothing's changed. Our opinion of you can't possible go any lower.

Now look, I know that I've put every comedian in the world out of work, but you have to admit that in a lot of ways, the first annual Comedy Awards was a success.

You too, Ne-n-Nathan.

Oh, uh, wow, that is very interesting. Please tell me more.

Look, Timmy. There's a convenience store.  That must be what the fellas meant by "pop some punk-ass Bloods." They want us to get them some soda pop and treats.  Let's buy them ginger ale and marshmallows. Then they'll let us in the club for sure.

S-s-six!

Come on, ho! 

What's the matter is this Funnybot has taken the humanity out of comedy. I don't think things are better, I think they're worse.

Hold everything!  Mrs. Garrison, if you don't mind, I'll be taking that microphone..

Uh, I think we're gonna try your authentic pizzareli casserona poppers.

It's a- v- validation of all your efforts. An acknowledgement of all you do in the pursuit of humor.

...and a par-tridge in a... p...pear t...t...tree. On the third day of C...Chrihhh...Chriiii...

Oowow, it's really him.

Ya yo you can't, you can't do that.

Come on, push it! Push it!  Yeah. Nice p-pecs. Sweet b-biceps. 

Jesus Christ!  Holy G...guacamole!  Freakin' Frijoles!  Leapin' L-langosta. 

I'll bet she is!

Oh my God! That's it! Fellas, get me a Ken doll and some Scotch tape.  Funnybot, I've been talking it over with the fellas and actually, we think what you're doing is genius.

We can really stick it to that assm-m-muncher!

Whatup, Mazie? Ye-yo, Pops?

Come on.

Well, the best thing is not to act nice, Eric. Uh, the best thing is to be genuinely nice.

Hey fellas.  You should come downstairs. Stan's mom made pa-pizza.

School again.

You're a man now! All right Butters good job!

P- Principal Victoria, can you explain how your administration fuh-failed to see this p-p-pro-o-o... p-p-problem.

Oh I sure have. I've been working on my ruh... ruh... routine all year long

Excuse me, sir.  we're looking for a group of people called the Crips.

It's always been my dream to go on a national TV show and talk about the c-c-craft of comedy.

Aahhm, I don't know, Eric. I really don't think I want to sign that very much.

This isn't the news! This a b-b-bastardized quest for ratings! Damnit, we have a journalistic responsibility to bring students the fa... the facts!  Don't you see what we've done? In our efforts to compete with Craig's small-minded show, we've made a mockery of n-nununews reporting. I remember when we all made an oath to each other, way back when started playing news reporter, that we would never let anything jeopardize our integrity! Well our integrity is jeopardized! And if we can't report news the honest way, what good is n-news reporting? 

Well, sure. Tim and I would love to pop some punk-ass Bloods. We're terrific at it.

...and a par-tridge in a... p...pear tree. On the ...fourth day of C...C...Ca...Chriiiistmas my t-true love g-ge-gave to me-mee.

Wow, what a terrific audience. Thank you for giving me this great honor, Mayor. B-before I l, l.. light the tree, I was wondering if I could sing... my favorite ...Christmas song, real quick.

What? Uh who told you that?

Eh but I want a PS4, not a crappy XBox.

Can't go too easy on her though. God forbid she actually gets in a good good punch and... beats ya.

Wow, looks like when it comes to comedy, I really t-take the c-keh-c. I really take the cay. I really take the k-keh cake. 

Well, Eric, th-that's really not how jokes work. I mean, you know, we should just be... happy that the joke is so popular and made a lot of people laugh.

I don't know, Timmy, just play along.

Welcome to S-super School News. I'm Jimmy Valmer.

I'm trying to write jokes. But I'm not as funny as you, so it's tough.

Gonna catch a wave... 

Say, would you guys like to join our club? Oh, I'm sorry. You can't. You aren't crippled. 

Then why does God make it so that my penis gets hard if girls don't wanna have it in their vaginas? It's like a cruel joke.

But... but why do they hate each other?

Every student is to go home and vote on their favorite choice in each category. Favorite comedy actor, favorite comedy movie. And then on Friday, during lunch and recess, we're gonna have a big, f-f-f-fantastic comedy awards show.

Wendy said she'd be here an hour before school starts. See you in the morning, ch-ch-ch-champ! 

Hey Timmy. How many able-bodied people does it take to screw in a light bulb? One.  You know what you call an able-bodied guy on the doorstep? Whatever his name is. 

Wha-what are you talking about, Eric?

Wow, w-what a great audience... Knock-knock.

Really?

Yeah!

Nice teamwork, Nut Gobbler.

Why sure fellas.  Anyway, be sure to check it out, kid.

Oh, sure. I'll see if it fits.  This is very warm. Thanks a lot, Tim-Tim. Well, I'll see you around. 

There's some chocolates and lih-licorice, and some games and peh- pencils inside.

You like putting fishsticks in your mouth?

Who is your best friend?

Fellas, are you sure all of this ie-eh-ethical?

What's my last name?

Wow, that is very interesting. Please tell me more.

Well, Kenny deserves to know, fellas. If you guys found out my girlfriend was a raging whore, I'd want you to t-tell me.

You dawgs keep it real, too. 

Gee, th-they're both screamingly funny, fellas. Better give it another ten seconds. All right, now we'll see which one really has staying power. Number one?

No!  Ow!

Hey fellas, mind if we take a little re-rest?

All we need is some good old-fashioned di... di... di... diplomacy.

Pu-put it on!!

Hello sir, we are here on behalf of all fourth graders at South Park Elementary.

Stay away from me, you stupid b-b-b-bitches!  No! God!  '

They took it back to the video s... the video s...

Oh, well, sure. I've never really tried working with a partner, but let's give it a sho- a sh- a-sh, a-sh, shotaroosky. Let's see... I was workin' on this: Why does a squirrel swim on its back? To keep his -nuts dry.

There he is. Hey Kyle!  The parental lock isn't working. Our parents are still watching murder porn.

Well Ellen, the tr- tr- tr-

Butters, w-where is everybody?

Yeah. It's not a bad idea. If all the students unite, we can work together to fight the f-f-fit.

Yeah. I feel pretty good about it. I finished my whole book report and, I got a really nice letter from my ese who works down at the U-Haul. 

I put together a comedy show and I was crippled from BIRTH! 

Why is a celebrity who became crippled more important than us that were born that way, very much.

Wha-what do you think, fellas?

We're finally gonna learn the chocking truth of who Phillip f-farted on.

I know that, I was being f-f-f-fa...cetious! 

Hey Shawna.

Please, I wasn't starting rumors about you. I don't even know who you are.

Nathan, your team put up an amazing fight. And even though I was crowned the King of Cripple Camp, I want you to know that you were the real ch-cha, champ.

Down like a clown, Charlie Br... Down like a clown, Charlie B-broooowww... Down like a clown, Charlie Browh... Bro-uh-own. Down like a clown, Charlie Br-Brown. 

She's a candy cane to wiggle

Don't worry, everybody. I've spared no expense to make my comedy awards the biggest thing this school has ever seen. You're all gonna have a blast. 

Jeez, it's not working.

Ohhhh nothin'. It's just that... y-you might wanna invest in some hedge clippers. 

We're going to an authentic Italian restaurant, Buca de Fagghecini

...Okay.  Hey uh-Wen, hey wu-Wendy. 

Hello. We'd like two orders of Kung ...Pao Chicken, please.

Dad, Jesus C-Christ!

What? I, I still don't get anything.

On the fifth... day... day of... Christmas,  ...my t-true love gave to... uh... me. Five g-g-g... golden ruh-ring... rings.  Fuhgom... don... t-t... don... four cal...ling buh-irr

Six geese are laying... fu...five go-oldenh ...uhrings. Fodom... dom... du...du...t...du... Four calling biiirds

What?

Yeah, I love when Morgan Freeman explains stuff.

They are coming.  You guys go on ahead.

Yeah. We told them that, a-and they told us to go f-fuck ourselves.

Uh no, that-that's okay, Mr. Mackey.

Look, it's my b-body and it's my choice what I put in it!

Well, Eric, pah part of being nice is just making people smile and laugh. The best way to do that is by telling a fan-tastic joke or a humorous anti-d- ant'duhh ...anecdote.

Heh, huh okay, that's pretty funny. Now, what's the second?

What's that?

Hey there fellas.

Go ahead, Bu-Butters. Go- go get some.

A...a...a...a sue-ance?

As soon as the bell rings, we've gotta get out there and find a good place to watch the fi-fufu-fight. 

Uh... 

N-no, I do NOT want to take off my shirt and kiss

Ni- I can- I can't!  Huff. Oh man.  Gee whiz, Timmy. It looks like we have some pretty stiff competition this year.  All of the special athletes seem to be in tip-top condition, and I can't even get past seven ru-reps. Hoh well, that's it for me, Timmy. I'm p-p-p-pooped. I'll see you in the locker room.

Well then that settles it! Fellas, what we're gonna hafta do is try to ch... change the Scouts' rules, very much.

And what about you, Stan? We were all in the theater that day. We all... saw it happen.

That's a... fantastic idea fellas. Uh, the key to successful humor is s-staying power. Uh, tell me the first mascot idea.

Well, hello, Eric. I was really glad you called me, very much.

Jesus Eric, he's gonna kill you! You won't even admit it was just me, knowing you're gonna die?

But where am I going to find a lady to stick my penis in? The talent show is this Friday.

Gee, I don't know what to say, fellas. They're both instant classics. But I guess I'll have to go with giant douche, simply because the fact that it's a giant renders it useless, adding a parody slant to the satire.

Bu- bu- bu- bu- bu- bu- bu- bu- Butters!

Yeh. Let's go bi- pick on him! Yeh! 

Well, sure, Eric. W-w-what seems to be the p-p-p-prrroblem?

Actually, it was a regular lemonade.

That's an amm-mmazing coincidence. I mean, there's not one crippled colored person in South Park. 

Yeah well, no one's laughing, Kyle. 

I just think it's a fabulous app, that's all.

Thanks, Dad.

How much would this cost me?

How do you take credit for something you didn't do?!

This is gonna be t-terrific!

Because I, maybe I don't have what it takes to win with-without them!

Well, let us tell you a little bit about ourselves. Timmy and I are both true Crips, born and raised. We're the only Crips in South Park, where we live, and we would love to join your fa-fa-fabtasitc Denver chapter.

Oh. Hi, N-N-Nancy.

If you get in a pinch, go through, it's a cinch-

Now hold on a second, fellas. If you're the 83%, then our class is only 17%.

All right! Everyone together! Are we gonna beat Red Team this year?

Well, you know, I mean, I basically wrote the thing, and you just kind of ate chips.

Aw J-j-j-j...j-Jesus!

The national news? Oh my gosh! People do care! 

How do you live with yourself? You know you had nothing to do with the fishsticks joke.  But you just keep pretending. How do you look at yourself in the f-f-fucking mirror?! That's what I want to know!

Welcome... to the special ed department's... first annual comedy awards.

Well hello everyone.  I'm Jim Swanson, and this is my friend Timmy.

Well, to be perfectly f-f-f-frank, Eric, I think I came up with a little bit more of the joke than you did.

Because it was having sex with the chihi... Because it was having sex with the ch-hi-hi... Because it was having sex with the ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch...  eh, it was having sex with the ch-ch-hiicken. 

Oh, hey Timmy. I'm glad you called, very much. I've been detecting some a-animosity towards me lately, and I was hoping we could bury the hatchet.

Yeah! We're gonna fu-fu-fuck him up! 

