Scott to Red Dragon, come in, Red Dragon.

The two of you are the most annoying dicks in Canada! You give other Canadians a bad name! And if I had my hair-

Prime Minister, these are the child's Canadian parents! Their Canadian blood pumps through his veins! Would you send him back to America with those world-hungry scum?!

Ooo, a chili carnival, huh? That sounds great.

Sixteen dollars! Take it! I-I'll even throw in an extra five! Here! Give me back my pubes!

Gosh. Chili, rides, and ponies? What more could I want?

Alright, I guess we should taste each other's chili, huh?

Hey! What the hell happened! You were supposed to be blown up!

Wow, would you really? I feel so much better now.

Yes. Everything's proceeding according to plan. Now you promised that when Terrance and Phillip arrive they'll be ripped into pieces and shot several times.

...No I don't need a rest!! I want to know what this is all aboot!

You would actually tell your mom that you were stupid enough to pay for my pubes? Huh uh, I don't think so!

Hey, that was supposed to be my power-up pack.

Why would I take the princess of Canada?

You're not supposed to be here, you're supposed to be in Iran looking for your kidnapped--  Ah, I mean, how are you guys today?

And then give me the twenty, and I'll give you the pubes. 

No! Because I hate you! You think farting is sooo funny! Well it isn't!! Fart jokes are the lowest form of comedy, and if I--  Ugh! I hate you both! I've hated you ever since I could remember! I hate you, and I wish you both had cancer! 

Ladies and gentlemen, the case before you today is of a murderer. On the night in question, this monster entered the home of Dr. Jeffrey O'Dwyer and struck him repeatedly on the head with his hammer.  That monster is sitting right over there, and his name is Terrance! 

Hehey, I said no! Now get your fat little butt out of here before I kick your head in! 

Hey, Saddam. You helped me get rid of Terrance and Phillip, and I appreciate that, but why are framed pictures of you going up all over Canada?

Do you want your grandma to live or not?!

You're not from the IRS! You glued my pubes onto your face!

I told you I have to eat every two hours.

Well, what are you two gonna do aboat it?

Wow.  It's almost like having someone care about you. 

It's your fault that he's here! You brought the Iraqis back with you on your plane when you rescued your kidnapped daughter! 

All of these things link Terrance to the murder: hair fibers, blood samples, nail clippings, a piece of his shirt,  a watch with his initials on it, a day planner with the murder scheduled, a haiku called, Time to Kill Dr. Jeffrey O'Dwyer.
"Dr. O'Dwyer
Time to have your head smashed in
with my new hammer"
Terrance, you may be a famous surgeon, but you're not God! J'accuse, Terrance!

Of course! The evil atonkatok! The dark lord that takes from ALL nationalities! It's... Tooth Decay!

Well what are we doing, following this ice beaner?! We've been walking around for hours!

You're a dick! And by helping Americans, you're just as smelly as they are! Now I'm going to get you!

This is stupid! I'm tellin' you you're making a mistake, kid!

A-ha! Americans! I should've known! You think you're the police of the world! You think you own Canada! Well, you aren't welcome here! Get out now!

Mom, Dad, that was my good friend Eric at the door? He told me that there's a starving pony at Denkins' ranch that's been abandoned.

Oh. well... that's okay. Here. Just... give me the six dollars.  And then I'll... give you the twenty.

Hey, what the hell are you guys doing here?

Now, give me the twelve cents, and I'll give you the rest of your change back.

Well, looks like you got away with it, Terrance and Phillip!

Let's get 'em! Let's fuck them up!  What? You're looking at me like I'm some sort of Eskimo racist! Well I'm not! Think about it! Before the noble white man arrived, Canada was populated with these snow monkeys! Who else would be pissed off enough at Canada to kidnap our royalty?!  Oh shit!

What's it look like? I'm making chili. Did you bring the goods?

This is not the end, Terrance and Phillip. You'll rue this day! 

You promised me they'd be gone for good! That was your part of the bargain!

No, wait! Waaiittt!! Oh my God, Oh my Gaawwwd!!  Noooo!

Yes. I'm a television critic for a magazine.

Just shut up and listen. You've unleashed a monster onto Canada! And only you can get rid of him, even though I hate you, and I wish you had cancer.

You fart-loving tricksters! I'll take care of all of you!

'At's enough, you guysth, it's not cool. Lots of kids have diabetes, and you shouldn't be-

Now dance, little piggy! Dance and oink for me!

Yes! Yes I do! They think that fart jokes are a sophisticated form of comedy, but they're not!

Listen. I have an inside scoop. There's an Iraqi dictotor who is quietly and slowly taking over Canada.

Well I don't want it to get cold. I think I can win first prize.

Is that some kind of metaphor for a kind of search that can't be described?

There. You see that? God-damned Native Canadians! Think they run the world.

The plan is working perfectly. Terrance and Phillip have taken the bait.

The girls all wanted to go watch 'at Bridon kid practice basketball.

It's a bomb.  You must strap it to yourselves, go to the game, and sacrifice your lives to take out Saddam's minions.

I think my insulin's low. I need to eat.

You mean this?  You really care that much about sixteen measly dollars? I mean, what can you buy with sixteen dollars?! My parents give me a fifty dollar-a-week allowance. This pittance means nothing to me. Watch. 

This isn't over, you American scum! I swear to God: you'll rue this day!! 

That's right. And now you must make amends. Tomorrow, Saddam will try to finalize his takeover of Canada, at the Roughriders-Roughriders football game. It will be your only shot at wiping them all out. Here, take this. 

My mom and dad are dead!  No! NOOO!! 

Eskimos are good for nothing! I paid one to give me a blowjob once. All she did was rub her nose against my penis for forty five seconds and aske me to pay her! Goddamned polar gooks!

Now you can't bug me for your dumb money! 

You son of a bitch! I'll get you if it's the last thin--

No, I think the girls just like that Bridon kid, no matter what he does.

Sure.  I mean, no! You listen to me! If you want to save Canada, you'll meet me at Karl's Kroff Dinner Restaurant in half an hour! 

But... just one thing before I give it to you:

Now, give me the pubes, and I'll give you back two dollars.

No! You all kept calling me a dick, and so then that turned me into a dick! And then I got radiation poisoning in Ottawa and now I'm a giant dick!

Your Honor, the defense is trying to make a mockery of this court! They think that farts are funny, but they're not! 

Hey, kid... Hold on a second ah, ah, I'll get your money. 

Mmm. Ah, I don't know. Your chili is pretty good, Cartman, but I think mine is better. Try it.

That's right. I'm trying to give you cancer with my mind.

Stop! Stop please! I can't take any more! 

Alright alright. I'll trade you my pubes back for the money.

I'm glad you like it so much, because now that you're almost finished, I have some'in' to tell you.

Just a second: don't you- wanna taste my chili first?

What are you two doing helping these Americans?! Don't you know America thinks it owns Canada along with the rest of the world?!

Yeah, I feel really bad. But I don't know how I can help it, because I have a lot of homework to do.

Just... get down on your knees and- beg me for the money.

Nono, get down on your knees.  Lower your head , and say "I beg you to give me back my money."

They're paying five bucks a hair for pubes! If I leave now, I can catch the last bus!

Saddam, Terrance and Phillip are back in Canada!

You do? Wow, you're not as stupid as I thought.

Speak of the devil! What do you want?

And so I told him, I said "Here. I'll sell you my pubes for only ten bucks." And this stupid asshole buys them! 

What is wrong with you people?! It is perfectly obvious who took the princess! I might be a giant, but there is one threat to Canada bigger than me!

There are hard feelings! This isn't over! I'm going ta see to it that you both pay for what you've done! And do you know why??

Roger, Red Dragon. Scott out.  I've got you now, you fart-lovin' fart-lovers.

What?  Aargh! I hate you more than ever, Terrance and Phillip! I absolutely abhor you both! 

How much did I charge? Uh, oh yeah. Ten dollars. You got change for a twenty?

Oh, you can't do this to me! Nooo!

Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, it's time for the amazing Pube Boy! 

Would you guys care for a frozen butter pop?

Aw shit, I think I'm-I think I'm going to faint.

