Look at how big you've gotten!

No wonder she didn't say good-night.

Aw, go ahead and shoot me! I dare ya!

Wait a minute! They're all still doing a reenactment. What we have to do is play into that. Come on, Billy. You boys need a quick history lesson! 

You...

No, Jimmy, this is my pot pie!  No, Jimmy! That's a bad Jimmy!

You bastards!

Pull the trigger, you little pussy!

Why the hell do you wanna take these boys to see that fufu French theater crap? You're gonna turn them into poofders!

God damnit! Now we have to start over!

That Grandma is not a bad piece of ass.

Well, he doesn't need to see a bunch of frogs prance around in tights and make-up wrappin' their peckers around each others' faces!

A little cottony in the crotch? Hr hr hr hr.

Ah.  Oh.  Ah!  Oh.  Oh-oooh-oooh!

No, Billy! You're gonna stay here and watch more McGyver. We've gotta get all the Frenchy-poo fag-nasties out of ya.  Who the hell would be ringin' the doorbell at this time of night?

Well, all tuckered, is she? Ha ha ha ha.

Alright, folks. Sorry for the false start. We're ready to go again. It was a cold morning in 1862. The Union Army had to- 

Yes. Now, watch that ass in prison, son.

What?!  Oh, dear Jesus!

...remember any of that stuff, do ya? 

They're quite agile little things, aren't they?

Well, come on Billy, we've gotta make these little peckers stop before they get themselves killed.

You're damn right she's tired.

Damnit, Billy, this isn't about you havin' to be slaves! This is about history! We can't let them change it!

God damnit!

It was a cold morning in 1862. The Union Army had to get the bell of Appomattox down from Tamarack Hill. What ensued was a bloody battle, but after many hours, the Union Army prevailed. Here now is the reenactment of that great battle. 

The Confederacy doesn't take the bell!

I wanna die. 

Huh?

What the hell's goin' on?! 

Well, it certainly is nice we could all gather heuh for the holidays. Even Uncle Howard has joined us live via satellite from the state penitentiary. 

Nice thinkin', Billy.

Close your eyes and cover your ears, Billy! Remember, you're a man.

What the hell?

Got everything you need there, do ya?

Y'don't say. 

Oh, nothin'. She's just gonna have a little trouble walkin' today is all. .

God damnit, what the hell are they doing?!

Well, what does your family do for the holidays, Stan?

Okay, you all know the rules. You must fire your blanks into the air, and if someone says they killed ya, you gotta play dead.

