I have a client who wishes to give this bright child a future. Anything he desires.  Do you still object?
Mr. Marsh, if you don't mine, we'd like to see your bracelet.
Mr. Blacksmith, I've been sent here to offer you a reasonable sum of money in exchange for your apprentice. 
To Eric Cartman: "Eric, I never really liked you. But then, nobody does. You have no ability to feel, and you are going to die alone and miserable. It is only because I feel so sorry for you that I leave you my Sony PSP."
No. Boys, I'm a lawyer. Your friend Kenny has passed away and I've called you here to read his will.
It's right here, along with Kenny's other belongings. They're all yours.
There is one more thing I would like to ask you all, as my friends. If I should ever be in a vegetative state and kept alive on life-support, please,... 
OH OH! If you have any suspicion of who that person might be, you are to keep it in your own breast. Understood?
There's only one condition, Pip. Your benefactor wishes to remain anonymous.
My client has agreed to check herself into rehab immediately. 
I don't know. I lost the last page.
You shall stay here with your roommate, Mr. Pocket. He is a distinguished young lad who will help you on your way to being a gentleman. I trust you see no problem with this?
Boys I want to thank you for coming down to my office on such short notice. 
"In the highly likely event of my death, I, Kenny McCormick, wish to leave all my belongings to my good friends, Stan and Kyle. Dudes, you were the friends a guy could have."
Then you will go to London in a week's time.  Here's 20 sterling. Well, blacksmith, you look stunned.
I should think not.  On up, then, and prepare for school on the morrow.
And what proof... do you have that the pee levels will go up?
Then I should take my leave.  Good evening, gentlemen, and we shall see you in London next week, Pip. 
He said he's not doing it! And as his lawyer I advise you gentlemen to leave and take your wild pee theories with you!
