Don't worry. They're coming. Pizzas are on their way. They're gonna be amazing.  Now, John Snow finally faces Jaime Lannister, and this guy's wiener is, you know, huge, right? So it's not goin' to be easy.
It's the Red Wedding, isn't it? You hate how I killed everyone off?
Look at this wiener.  Judge it by its size?Rub it three times and it has a surprise. 
Alright, King Joffrey is still at King's Landing, but there's a young blacksmith who wakes up one morning with a plan. And His wiener gently hangs down between his legs. Soft and flaccid, his wiener glistened in the golden sunlight.
Well why didn't you say so? I can help with that.
Very well. In the tradition of our ancestors,  let's bring in the holidays!  But first, I'd like to share with you a few words about my wiener.
Oh they're coming. The dragons are on their way.
"Growl, growl" calls the wiener from on high
A little tiny wiener, still so pleasing to the eye.
Come on in! I'll tell you everything that's gonna happen in Game of Thrones. 
Oh Jeez, uh, why don't you kids come out from the cold? I'll order some pizzas.
Wait, I haven't told you what happens yet!
So then Samwell Tarly sees the army approaching, and his wiener is about this big.  He knows that Stannis Baratheon's wiener is probably shriveled from the cold. Samwell has to rally his men, so what does he do? He takes out his wiener  and he dangles it around for all his men to see. 
Okay, okay, fine fine. What kind of pizzas do you want?
Don't worry! They're coming! Not just two pizzas, there's, there's gonna be five! And they're gonna be huge! You won't believe it!
Yeah yeah, they're on their way. They're still coming. So Samwell's wiener goes 
I'll make some calls. I know a way to make sure you're completely prepared for Black Friday! 
Ladies and gentlemen, it is my honor to be here this morning on behalf of South Park Mall Partners and channel 9 News, your go-to source for news, weather, and sports.
That may be true, but horses have one quality that is unmatched by any other mode of transportation.
