Oh yeah, I don't think she has any idea.

Now blue!

Well uh, he-I guess it is a pretty good size.

Not a cheat if you rank up.

Well?

Yeah, little squishy boba-tea balls.

Yes.

The Jeffersons?

How is this stuff allowed to stay on the air?!

You know what I heard? I heard that she made out with eight different boys in one minute.

Slut.

Hey, South Park! Do you have school spirit?

Yeah, Lisa has a crush on Butters.

Kelly who?

"Who's Paris Hilton?"

Come on! You've been in there for twenty minutes!

Do me next. I wanna know if I'm gonna marry somebody cute.

Yeah. We have no idea what ketamine is.

That boy Token.

Yeah, and I didn't mean to say you weren't a whore.

Leave him alone, Wendy! He's mine! 

You know that girl Samantha Dunskin, she can make herself queef whenever she wants.

Butters? Your grandma's looking for you.

Well, it certainly was nice meeting you folk, I just wanted to bring that little malfunction to your attention. Bye-bye now.

Wendy, just go with it!

Who's Butters?

Hey! I'm gonna tell on you!

God, they're annoying!

Are you sure he has a problem, Wendy?

What the hell is that?!

I'd give anything to be with Bridon Gueermo, but he'd never go for me. I'm nobody.

I bought the new Justin Timberlake CD. We should dance to it. 

Yeah. I can tell your future, Marjorine! You're going to live alone your entire life because you're a nerdy, dorky geek.

Paris is gonna rock his world.

Red!

I wanna do him.

Yeah? Who invited you?

Yeah, they're invited too.

Hey emo kids, Cartman and Wendy are gonna fight after school. 

I will. 

Here we go.

Look, Wendy, we are all very happy for Lisa, okay? Nobody here is jelly. But the boys aren't even noticing the rest of us anymore.

Hey Marjorine, you wanna know your future?

Hey, we'd better start inviting boys to the party.

So then Kelly I guess told Stacey that she wasn't invited, so now Stacey's pissed at us.

You don't want to go to this party, Wendy! We're inviting all the boys, and we're gonna play Spin the Bottle, and Two Minutes In The Closet, and do ketamine.

Not one toy. I guess this yeear, everyone's content to celebrate with candles and love. 

About Token? Why?

Shut off the light.

Oh, eh-yes. Do you mind tellin' me what the hell this is about? 

Excuse me? I was just asking you what you're up to with these toys!

She's totally spoiled and snobby.

You made us look like uncaring idiots!

Aw dangit!

Good for you, Stan. It's nice somebody in this school has some balls.

She said to meet her outside behind the school.

I wanna know who it was, too.

Uh, I wanna know what the hell you people are doing with these dolls, talkin' about bringin' down American government and all? 

Well I know I'm not even gonna get it done. I swear, he gives us too much homework anyway. I-

Kelly Pinkertonstinfurter?

Red!

Well, now, come on, I don't think that that quite satisfies my--

Did you invite him?

Good for you, Stan. 

Yeah, you said it. 

It's not just Paris: Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Tara Reid, they're all stupid spoiled whores!

That's right!

What happened?

Hey hey, you leave Butters alone! He's a very fragile artist.

Hey, check it out: the new Paris Hilton perfume, Skanque. 

