Everyone down on the ground!  Get those hands up! Let me see those hands! Do it now! I mean it! Show me those hands! I'm Baby Fark McGee-zax, the greatest gangster this universe has ever seen, right?!
Very well, I shall show my true form.  Rah rah rah rah rah. Rah rah rah rah.
That's right. See, there are dishes in over fifty thousand earthlings' rectums. Your friend's has been malfunctioning.
I seek the life forms that made this. 
Well, you don't think the whole universe works the way Earth does, do you? No! One species, one planet! There's a planet of deer, a planet of Asians, and so on! We put them all together on Earth and the whole universe tunes in to watch the fun!
No, not really. I just read your mind and thought this form might be more pleasing to you.
Moo moo, moo. Moo. (Oh, that was Carl's fault. He's new.)
Moo moo, moo. Moo moo, moo. Moo. (We have experimented with all the beings of Earth, and we have learned that you are the most intelligent and wise.)
All right, then we can get back to business. Follow me this way, earthlings.  I want to apologize to you boys for all the spooky, scary stuff. We just needed to get to the malfunctioning uplink relay.
Oh, heavens no! We're a production company. We make intergalactic television programs that the whole universe watches. 
We at Nerzod Productions started twenty billion years ago with one philosophy: the best universal television isn't scripted, it's real.  We started with great shows like, "Who Wants To Marry A Gelgamek?" and "Antares 6 Millionaire". And then we had a big hit with "Get Me Outta Here, I'm a Klingnanian". But then of course, there's our signature show. The greatest universal reality show of all time. 
Lemme search ya, gonna work ya, hepsunudupunubuh huh.
Hello my honey, hello my baby, hello my ragtime gal! 
Moo moo. Moo moo. Moo. (Take this device. It is a gift from us.)
Oh yeah?  You're gonna build me another one, see?
That should get the relay working again.  All right, Earthlings, if you'll step over this way we'll erase your memories and get you back to Earth.  Oh, excuse me.  This is Nagix. Uh huh. Oh no. Oh no, really? And it's, it's for sure? All right, I'll break the news to everyone. No, no I, I understand. Thanks.  Well, you kids can go back to Earth if you want, but I'm afraid it won't be there for long. The show's been cancelled.
All right, earthlings, what form do you want me to take? 
A few billion years ago we realized, "what if we took species from all different planets in the universe, and put them together, on the same planet?" Great TV, right? Asians, bears, ducks, Jews, deer and Hispanics, all trying to live side by side on one planet! It's great! 
