All right, Christians, how are you feeling tonight? 
All right everyone, the judge will now tally her final scores.
Hello. First up we have the beautiful Miss Jessica. 
Michael says she just enjoys being a child. She loves to play and climb trees, and thinks people who don't are ignorant.
All right, welcome to Hippie Jam Fest 2005!  Sooo great to see sooo many people turn out to make an impact on on the world! 
Ladies and gentlemen, Welcome to the South Park Elementary Holiday Experience.  Before we bring out the kiddies for the play, here's a non-offensive, non-denominational holiday song by the school chef.
And there are your finalists, the sixteen most beautiful women in Colorado. Here to sing for our sixteen lucky finalists, the winner of the Colorado Child Star Contest, Token Black. 
Yeah, make some noise!  Ladies and Gentlemen,  man, you are all in for a treat! Whichever crew wins tonight, you wanna remember their faces, 'cause the next time you see them... will be in Lil Kim's next video! Give it up for Lil Kim! 
And now, it is time to announce our Grand Little Miss. Little Miss Michael Jackson. 
Yeah, South Park is now the hippie capital of the world! 
This is gonna be a rough battle, y'all. So let's give it up for the OC Crew!  And the challengers, the South Park Diggitys!
All right, thank you Miss Cassie. And now for her talent portion, Miss Michael Jackson is gonna sing for us. 
Let's keep this salvation train going with the hot band, Sanctified!
All right come on, let's do this! DJ! Give us a hot track! 
Then let's give it up now for one of Christian rock's biggest bands! Trinity! 
All right, everyone! Welcome to Christfest 2003!  are you ready for some live music? 
Jessica enjoys ridin' her horse Marley and doin' her nails with her sisters. Next, contestant number 26, Miss Brandy 
And now welcome contestant number 27, little Miss Michael Jackson. 
Uh. Uh apparently there's been a change. Give it up for ... Faith + 1! 
For too long, the corporations have bled the world of its love and resources! It is time for us to get to work and make the world a better place! And we're gonna start right now. 
Folks, it looks like the OC crew is dead.  That means the winner is the South Park Diggitys!
Brandy likes ice cream and playing with her cat Sunshine.
