I can't help anyone right now! Something came up.

Wha-? What is your power?

I should have never kept that bottle of Macallan in the pantry! I should have never gotten around Courtney Love and a camera. I should-

You got pictures of me having sex with Courtney Love!

Don't anybody move!  So you're the superheroes trying to blackmail me!

I don't remember! That's just the point! I get drunk, I don't remember things! I shouldn't have drank that much, and I shouldn't have mixed alcohols! Alcohol shouldn't be legal! Oh it's maddening!

Well I don't want the power anymore, alright?!

Look, I'm sorry kid, but I work alone.

And then you see that building to the left?

Now, if it's a valve that ruptured, then what they should have done is installed the backup valve in case that valve broke.

What seems to be the problem?

Do you remember last week when I... got really really drunk?

Hmmm... Right. Then they should have had a backup safety valve to that backup safety valve!

Hmm... All right. You see where that rig is drilling?

NO! Because I could realize I shoulda killed you all!

They shouldn't have built that there. Because now you can't park any fire trucks where you really need to.  Well, looks like my job here is done. Goodbye everyone! 

Should I get back in the chair? Remove my powers and just go back to being a simple reporter? 

Please, sit down. What can I do for you?

It doesn't matter.  Even if the pictures are fake. I can't take it anymore.  Do you have any idea what a curse it is to have perfect 20/20 hindsight?  As soon as something bad happens, I immediately know how it could have been avoided. I can't take it anymore!

Should I really believe I ruined my legacy?  What should I do?

Look at those photos on the desk. 

It's in too deep of water. They shouldn't have drilled in that deep of water, because now they can't get machines deep enough to fix the spill!

Alright enough! What's going on?!

What's the skinny?

Hindsight's a bitch, isn't it?

I shoulda never mixed vodka and Jack Daniels. I shoulda just gone to bed last night!

It's not Courtney Love?

My work here is done! I'm off to fine others in need!

Get this kid out of here! I have to think!

Hmmm... You see those windows on the right side? They should have built fire escapes on those windows for the higher floors, then people could have gotten down. And then on the roof: they should have built it with a more reinforce structure, so a helicopter could have landed on it.

Of what?

Get down to the volunteers and tell them they should have used a non-bleaching cleanser! Commissioner!

'Course it's Courtney Love!

Seriously, what should I do?

Listen! They should have hosed down the other rigs as soon as the spill began, and that wouldn't have happened.

No! What if I put down the gun and realize I shouldn't have?!

