And here is where all the fudge is put into boxes to be shipped all over the world.
Welcome to the Museum of Tolerance. Here we try to educate you on the dynamics of racism and prejudice in America. 
Our factory works 24/7 to produce candy, and we have over 500 employees. Here you can see where the cocoa is mixed with the sugar and milk.
In certain areas of the cave, the wind actually blows through, causing a sound you can hear. 
That's right. Not all stereotypes are negative. But even a positive one like "All Asians are good at math" is harmful to society.
Very good, young man. The idea that Jews are only interested in money is very old indeed.
Ahh, no.  Now, as you can see, the cave is filled with stalagmites and stalactites. Water drips from the cave's...
Tonight we are here to honor an amazing fourth grade teacher with the Courageous Teacher award.  Herbert Garrison came out about two years ago. Since then he has faced adversity. He has even faced ridicule by some of the students.
Ih it's a room near the end of the tour where you can get your picture taken with fake treasure. Here, see? 
We have to accept people for who they are and what they like to do.  Hey! What the hell are you doing? 
And we won't belittle you for eating lots of cookies and cakes and pies.
We are now entering the Hall of Stereotypes. These wax figures represent how some intolerant people have labeled minorities.  Here we see a black person eating chicken and watermelon, a stereotype that hurts the African-American community. What other stereotypes do you see here? 
It is my honor to present the Courageous Teacher award to... Herbert Garrison. 
O-kay, everyone, out of the cave. Now!  Go! Go! Go out, now! 
These rocks often make interesting shapes which we like to name. For instance, this one here we named "The Hanging Mushroom."  And over here we have "Man With Helmet and Two Bowling Balls."  And finally, of course, the "Two Sisters."  Now the cave itself is millions of years old and has a constant temperature of 57 degrees.
Now, did you know that words we use can show intolerance?  Let's begin our tour with a walk through our Tunnel of Prejudice, to show you what it can feel like to be discriminated against. 
This is our discovery wing. Take your time at the computer displays , because you see, being tolerant you must also respect people who are small, people who are disabled, even people who are overweight,  like this young man here.
But you must learn to be tolerant of his differences as well. If he chooses to eat fatty foods, that's his life choice.
All right, everyone, if you'll step this way, you'll see how the cave gets its name. 
That's right. But of course, we know that not all Arabs are terrorists, don't we, kids?
You other boys have probably called this young man names like "tubby," or "lardbutt," or "fat tits,"...
