Don't jump, Bradley! You will only make god angrier with you!

Okay, roll camera, aaand action.

Aaand action.

Uh oh, looks like we've got a problem.

He's coming down!  We did it!  Through the power of Christ we have saved this child!

Motivation Corp. takes care of everything.  Just follow these simple scripts when your actor arrives.

So, everything is working out with your future actor? Your son seems to be responding.

That's right, Bradley. I think we're well on our way to being healed.  We've got another one: Room 22.

Do you understand the concept of Hell? Do you realize that if we don't fix you you will burn in a lake of fire for eternity?

Do you mind telling me how you managed to lose... your accountabilibuddy?!

You know this is strictly forbidden!

That's right. Like all the campers here, you're confused, and you don't think there's a way out. But even though some people would have you believe you can't control how you feel, the truth is that with the power of Jesus Christ you can be normal. Now, just to make sure you don't slip up while in camp we assign every camper an accountabilibuddy.  Let's meet Ryan, your accountabilibuddy.  Ryan thought he could never change. But now he's learning that with the power of Christ and prayer, he can have a whole new life.  Over this way we have the cafeteria. All the meals are served there.  Uh Bradley! How about you be Butters' accountabilibuddy?

We're fixing your confusion!

Well now you won't have to! Ah, here he is. This is Josh Casher. He'll be playing the role of your future son.

Oheh- hey Dad.

Do you know why you're here at camp, Butters?

Uh we'll just leave you alone. 

Okay. Let's shoot the commercial. Where's our Cheesy Poof talent?

I'm not liking the shoes. Could we change the shoes?

Okay. Here we go, aaand action.

Hold it! Cut! Could we get some more light on that backdrop?

You get back. You're only gonna make things worse.

This is just as much your fault, Butters! Bradley is your accountabilibuddy! That makes you accountabilibuddyable. Both of your boys' behavior has jeopardizing all of the work we're doing here to save these kids!  Right. For having contraband in your room, you will both do penance by writing scripture for the next four days!

Oh Lord in Heaven! Don't jump, Bradley!

And you do know the rule which states that no impure or immoral images are allowed to be seen by the eye?

What's wrong?!  This is what makes you confused! Don't you get it?! This is confusing you right now, isn't it?!

Well, you know what us ultra-liberals say, when it comes to children and drugs, lies are OK. The ends justify the means. We'll take smoking, for instance. The truth is there's no hard evidence that second-hand smoke can kill but, we believe it's okay to lie about it as long as it gets people to stop smoking.

Alright, then we'll put the fake news report out on Tuesday night. Make sure your son is watching the Channel 4 News.

So it is with everything here at Motivation Corp. It's okay for us to lie and tell kids that all marijuana supports terrorism.  Or that... one pill of Ecstasy is gonna kill them. It's not necessarily true, but the ends justify the means.

And you're gonna say that to the boss's face?

Cut, great, print that. Excellent work, Sid. Take five, guys, let's set up for the next shot. 

And. Action!

Aaand cut. Great video shoot, guys.

Then do you mind telling us why we found this  1979 Sears men's underwear catalog... in your room?

Don't worry. Your son just needs to learn that he can be straight if he chooses to be.

Get back! You're just as confused as he is!

Yes, and he knows all your family history and every detail of your house. And he's worked up quite a future for your son.

That's right, kids. You see, right now you're like a paper clip.  And just like a paper clip,  God needs to bend you, and shape you, and make youuuu... straight. 

Butters here is new to the camp. He's chosen to rid himself of his affliction and forge a personal relationship with Jesus Christ.

You don't seem to take this camp seriously, Butters. I've called your father in for a talk.

Oh God, who smeared crap all over our walls?! Oh Jesus, it smells! Oh!

Mr. Stotch, your son is insubordinate, unwilling to change, and worse yet, he's lost his accountabilibuddy!

Nono, we're fixing you!

