Well you know what I think, Towelie? I think you're a LYING SACK OF SHIT!  You lied to all these people, and for what??!! To make money!! They bought your book thinking it was true!!
Was it that you thought embellishing the story was okay if it helped people?
Looks like your time is up, Towelie! I've led my adoring fans RIGHT to you!
We need to tell the audience why you changed some of the facts in your book; that you thought it necessary to "heighten" certain things to make the book more relevant to people.
...a life that kept getting up whenever it was down...
Can you explain to the audience why you said you weren't a towel before?
Thank you so much.  Once in a while I come across a book that is sooo honest and sooo moving that it changes my life.  "A Million Little Fibers" is the true story about a man who was born in a laboratory. Please welcome author Stevem McTowelie!  Steven, when I read your book, I thought to myself, "How can a human being go through all this and still turn out okay?"
We'll give you a five-second headstart.  One. Two. 
You lied to me, Towelie! And therefore you have lied to America!  We are going to rise up against you!  Is this audience ready for a good old-fashioned lynching?!
You talk in your book how you would sometimes have to spend days hung up on a rack. What would that do to you emotionally? You have been through... so much,  and I think that people all over America could benefit...
Today my guest is once again Steven McTowelie, whose memoirs many of you purchased after I made it my Book of the Month Selection. 
Uh huh, okay. Well listen, maybe we can get her in as a guest on the 19th. All right, is John Travolta available to be a guest the week after that? Okay, that might work better since it's Sweeps Week.
Well Steven, your book hasn't sold a lot of copies yet, but I have some pretty exciting news for you!
You think writing is a joke, you stupid towel?!
Just come on the show and explain in a very level-headed way that changing some facts shouldn't matter if the book helps people, okay?
What's the big deal? His book helped people. Why does it matter than he made some stuff up? Are people really going to be that mad?
Audience, if you look under your seats, you'll find your very own torches! 
Now, it turns out that your name isn't really Steven. It's Towelie, correct?
And so, Steven, I'm making your book my official Book of the Month selection! 
Steven, it's Oprah. Can you come on my show again tomorrow?
