Yeh, I know I know, I know. But uh... some young boys were talkin' to me earlier, and... it made me think that people might not be so proud of my weight loss if they knew something.
Thank you all so much. You know what? After a year of eating delicious sub sandwiches, I've proven weight loss is easy!  And I promise you, I will always be your faithful leader in easy weight loss!
Yes, it is my hope that every beautiful child on this earth has aides by next month! Aides for everyone! 
No no, hey it was my fault. I can't believe I- I, I didn't think of what I was saying! 
I am going to personally see to it that each and every one of you gets aides! 
Yes. ...Y-you mean you all thought...? Oh my Gosh!
The reason I was able to lose so much weight so quickly was that I got aides. 
We can still get married Christine, I mean, sure, they're my aides now, but after we get married... they'll be our aides  You'll love having aides, Christine, you really will. And when we have children, they'll have aides. It'll make things so simple!  Christine!  Jeez, those boys were right. People really don't like aides. I'd better tell everyone the truth.
I know. You kinda have to read the fine print at the bottom of the screen. It says I only ate a half-sized lean turkey sandwich with no mustard or mayo or anything like that and then had proper diet and exercise aides.
But I still wanna be the leader in a fitter America, and so I'm here to tell you, that you should ALL go out and get aides! 
Uh, Christine, this isn't probably gonna matter to you at all, but... I have aides.
My aides. Scott! Tyler!  Scott is my personal trainer  and Tyler is my dietitian.
...I tell my  girlfriend I have aides and she leaves, I tell the  world to get aides and they think I'm crazy, I offer to give aides to kids and everyone wants me  dead!  What's wrong with  aides?! Why doesn't anyone want me to give them  aides?! 
But,  I feel like I need to come a little clean about something, uh-... it wasn't just Subway sandwiches that made me thin.
Having aides - is - awesome! With aides you can literally watch the fat melt away! And with the proper mix of aides and Subway sandwiches, anything is possible! 
Well, I appreciate your company doing everything it's done for me.
Why did I ever do those stupid commercials?
That's right. I got aides about two years ago and I've been losing weight ever since. It's amazing how slim you can get with aides.
Yeah, I have aides. I've had aides since before we were together.  What, what are you thinking? Are you bummed?
Ladies and gentlemen, a-at first I didn't understand why you felt betrayed by the fact that my aides helped me to lose weight, but now I understand that it isn't fair that- I had aides and most of you don't. And so, with all the money I've made from commercials, I have decided to start the Aides for Everyone Foundation!
Wait a minute... you're right!  Yeah! I think I know how to be a celebrity again! 
Oh my God! I told my girlfriend I wanted her to share my aides - oh, no wonder she left!
I'm sorry, guys, but I...I think I wanna be aides-free for a while.
Christine, you know I love you very much, and I, I can't wait for the wedding.
Thank you-hoo, thank you all. Subway's is a healthy way to eat fast food and lose weight!
I didn't think it was that big of a deal.
Well, eating sub sandwiches was a big part of it. But the way that I lost so much weight was that I got aides.
But I won't stop there. I'm gonna seek out all the underprivileged and hungry children of the world, and I'm going to give them aides myself!
