We're sorry. But if we do not build a superhighway, our casino might stop seeing profits.
My son... Premise Running Thin has the SARS as well.  You... you can cure him?
Yes. We will present the blankets as a peace offering. But what the round-eyes will not know is that the blankets are infected with SARS.  They will all get SARS! And then SARS will run through their town like a buffalo. Now I need your help getting the SARS onto the blankets.  Okay, bring them in!  Let's see how South Park deals with this!  Everyone grab a Chinese person and rub them on a blanket.  Make sure you rub them all over. Get the SARS nice and deep in there. 
I already have a plan how we can force them off our land... sneakily.  We're going to give them...  blankets. 
Dammit! I thought you said they were dealt with!
Halt.  I am afraid minors cannot go onto the casino floor.
Yeessss. It is time for us to implement our plan.  A superhighway, built from Denver right to our casino!
Now, I will blow your weak, SARS-infested bodies off the Earth!  What the?  Wait a minute.  Stop! Stop!  Your, your SARS. Where did it go?
Free blanket?  Though I know we have differences, we believe a compromise can be reached. In the meantime, it hurts us to see you all on television sitting in the cold. Will you not take this offering as a gesture of goodwill?
You have cured Premise Running Thin. In return, I shall give you all five dollars credit at the casino.  All right, all right, I will not build a superhighway through your town. And you can all have your homes back.
Simple. We buy it, and we demolish it! Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!
Then we must force the South Park people off their petty land.
This would never have happened if those townspeople would have just moved away! No more waiting around! Tomorrow we begin the final stage of our plan! Shock and Awe!
Look at them! Small-minded idiots pouring their life-savings away!
You kids can enjoy our Native American Comedy Club.
The residents of South Park had hoped to raise three hundred thousand dollars. but in the end managed to raise only ten. The loss of their town may be imminent for the poor people of South Park.  Awww, I think I'm going to cuwhy.
How much longer must we wait for our superhighway??
