I have to go to Platform B.

Oohh!

This is where the bulk of our research was being done. But due to the government ban, we're mostly just packing things up.

Well, no. To build another Shake's it would be better to use lumber.

Goodbye, boys. Goodbye, friends! 

Okay, boys. Thanks. 

You boys have really shown me the true meaning of friendship. You didn't care about anything but my happiness. You put me in front of yourselves, and that's what real friendship is all about.

Hey kid.  Give 'em hell. Give 'em hell. 

I'm sorry, too. I'll leave you alone.  Eight and thirteen? 

Oh wow!

Uh. Hey, kids, could you just open the door so I can get back to my family?

I can't live in your time. I'm freezing myself again.

Because these cells are blanks, they will often program themselves based on what cells you put around them. You see this rat? Earlier this year, we surgically removed the middle of her spine. then we injected her with some stem cells and... they became the missing part of the spine.

That was me!

They're coming for me!

Oh, poo!

Where are you going?

Arrrggh! 

I'm not living here! Living is having ups and downs and sharing them with friends!  Thank you, Stan and Kyle! See ya! 

You make me come out of my shell, Shelly.
You give me strength where there was only fear
I ate at a Burger King today, Shelly
And stood up to a boy who called me "queer"
When you pushed me off the diving board I
...fell.
And you make the world a nicer place, Shelly
So I can come out of my... shell.

I've got you pinned. I win.

Nerve cells damaged by Parkinson's disease or heart tissue of cardiac patients might ultimately be replaced by tissue grown from stem cells.

Leslie. It's me, Larry.  Your husband?

Thanks. 

Today, I went to 7-11 and I ate a Slim Jim. It was the greatest thing I ever tasted. Nobody ever stood up for me before. 

But, unfortunately, the government has banned stem cell research and so... we'll never know.

You're Leslie.

That's the theory.

I'm afraid the government has just put a ban on stem-cell research.

Huh?  Whah?!

Home.

Shut up! Sit there and wait, and no cell phones or other things that pass time joyously! I'll put a stop to this! 

Well, this is it. I'm going back to my time. Thanks again, boys.

He-e-ey George! What's gon' on?

Too many people were upset about using aborted fetal tissue for a study. It's too bad, too. We really coulda helped a lot of people.

Oh, hey kid.  Good luck. Good luck. 

After being frozen, I've learned that all a person has in life is family. And friends. If you lose those, you have nothing. So friends are to be treasured, more than anything in the world!

Think hard, Leslie. We used to be together, for over eight years?

Look, you have trillions of cells in your body: heart cells, skin cells, brain cells, and so on. But before a cell is designated as a toenail cell or a pancreas cell, it's what we call a stem cell. Sort of like a blank cell. Do you understand?

Oh well, I'm sorry, but we can't buy those from you now.

What the hell is going on here?! This is the DMV! There will be no joy here!

I got my ticket.

No... No, leave them alone. It's a nice change to see people happy here at the DMV.  Perhaps we here at the DMV can start changing as well. Perhaps instead of treating people badly we can offer them comfort and hope. Why, the DMV can be a place where people come to get things off their chests. Confess, yes, but also be told that they're worth something in this world! And then, DMVs everywhere can become a place where people feel safe. And when they do something wrong we can offer forgiveness! Don't you see what this could lead to? Don't you see what we could become??

Good-bye again! I'm off to Des Moines!

Oh no, you built another settlement?

Larry!

Please, Leslie, I don't know where else to go. I'm confused.

