Yes I would like a blowjob 

You did.

Boy, that's one creeepy alien.

He's so gay.

Ms. Claridge, you all right?  You can talk to me, Ms. Claridge. I understand: one beep for yes and two for no. Don't you think you should get out of the street?  Look you, you don't have to be so cold. I'm just trying to help.  Oooo, sorry! 

They're ridiculing that singer! Come on, let's get outta here! 

We need your expertise, sir.

Yes tell us.

Flood the world?

What did we used to do to get the news before the Internet?

Oohh, I gotta go.

Canada, on strike.

And if we get a hold ot the negative they can't change the movie?

What an amazing human being! 

It'll be like a parade!

That sounds a little too coincidental.

We don't "hate" homosexuals, we, we we just don't want them to be able to marry.

George Bush didn't break that beaver dam! It was terrorists and Al Qaeda!

I don't know why we were watchin' that garbage in the first place. 

Yup.

Yeah, you you get him, Oprah!

Yeah. 

Hi. 

That sounds good.

Prisoner? You mean, like Hat?

Well I, I think he's kind of a symbol for the town, you know? A, a symbol.that everyone who's sick of crime can uh can rally behind.

You won't take us alive! 

Shit if I know.

I've gotta go.

Oooooooooh!

Hey look, Betty. It's that "nigger" guy. 

Mm hmm.

I hope it doesn't happen to me.

They took your jobs! 

I'm on TV! I'm on TV!

Yes. The mu-se-um.

Gaaah!

You guys are terrible! How could you laugh at that poor kid?!

Poor woman. She's a victim.

I could do Tuesday.

We were hoping perhaps you could help us understand...  this.  Cats have started to put pictures of themselves on the Internet, with bread around their heads. Cat breading, it's called. It's just such an odd thing to do, we thought would you explain it to us.

Ooo.

I am.

What?

Whoa, it smells, it smells! 

Yeah.

Jennifer, over here.

What's ridiculous about it?

Oh, what a great idea! We each make it our responsibility to convert one more person!

You can't make fun of Scientology, kid! We are gonna sue your ass AND your balls!

No, we won't.

We need to find somethin' to paddle with.

Wha- what did you- what did he say?

Well my name's Pete Nichols and this is my wife Donna, and uh... make a long story short, we came out here to see our relatives who live down in Moab. They uhhh been livin' there about twenty years now, and uh, long story short, they told us that as long as we were in the Rockies we should try ziplining, so, long story short, we looked around in the newspapers and on the Internet and... on billboooards, and... you know, make a long story short, we found this company and thought we'd give 'er a try, so then we called and, we made a reservation, and that's when, you know, long story short, we just thought- 

