I think it's so great that someone took the initiative to have a meeting like this.
The Great One.  Cthulhu. He has risen, and soon all will be under his rule. It has all been foretold in the Necronomicon.  Hail Cthulhu! The darkness of the mythos is finally here.  Oh man, these are really good lemon bars. 
We're in the moving business! Fourteen years we've been workin' our butts off! Now these future folk come in and we can't get work nowhere! They took our jobs!
Oh yeah. Right in the balls, man. Right square in the balls.
To me it looked like Mysterion to me. Everyone who's seen Mysterion, say yeah!
No no, can't you imagine a place where people live together and like, provide services for each other in exchange for their services?
This is a really nice town you have here. That's why the corporations are trying to use you to take it down.
I'd like to know about the biology of the trees.
And what about little Laura, the Williams' kid? If she doesn't get that heart-valve operation, she could die.  Yeah! Yeah, that's right!
Do me next. I wanna talk to my mother.
It is a disease because it's a physical dependency. That makes it a disease.
This is the first guy to actually make sense. 
Heard about it? They said you could have easily cleared fifty homeless with that jump.
You are saying cats are showing signs of evolution with their cat breading meme?
Yeah! I mean, there were children watching that auction! And when that little eight-year-old boy walked up and flashed his... penis! It was an outrage! 
Oho, and Honey Boo Boo!  Kids, come see the green Honey Boo Boo costume!
Yeah, well I'm just a guy that gets ignored, I guess! 
If I was gonna fuck my son, I'd kiss him first! 
And apparently the organizer is just an eight year old boy who was touched by the film.
Hey, whoa now. John Edward is for real.
We're having a hard time following you here.
Right now we're proving we don't need corporations. We don't need money. This can become a commune where everyone just helps each other.
I have a question: Can we review the best ways to hold a rope again? 
I certainly don't understand kids' music today. Sounds like diarrhea to me.
Rrrgh it's like, I can't explain it. I just suddenly feel like this isn't right. 
Egah I don't know, maybe the rule should be somebody can buy the medicinal weed for others.
We all have BFFs, and we believe that a BFF is the highest legal authority.
Need help across the street, Ms. Claridge?  Well all right then. 
Well the Simpsons is such a great show, and we need reminders like this to keep us watching.
Well then how'd you know her birthday was in November?
Hey kid, how come you ignored my friend request?
Care for a peanut butter and jelly sandwich?!
Well uh, we were thinkin' we would, you know, just go appeal to the Governor.
Have you ever heard of another species, memeing on the Internet?
Because we just came from there! There was nothing! Not one scrap of Internet!
Don't bro down against Sondheim, Randy! It's suicide!
