How can you say that?! You're gay too!
Mm, Just a bit of an upset stomach, I guess.
No!  Mr. Garrison, there's something you should know. Al and I are getting married.
Okay, I think this has all gone far enough! Now look, the last person you want to be like is Paris Hilton!
Honey, I didn't work to become a whore, I was born a whore. I've been one... ever since I can remember.  Ever since I was a little boy I seemed to enjoy... different things.
Well it sounds to me like the principal's just hiding things from everybody. What you need to do is let the parents see what kind of demented faggot you are.
Don't forget, I get half. Oooooh!  Oooooh, Jesus Christ. 
Kids, let's keep it down for study group, or else Mr. Garrison is going to punish me.
So you see, I can't make you into a whore, Wendy. But why would you want to be one anyway?
Oh my God, you're just saying that because you're jealous.
Oh! I should have never shoved all those poor animals up my ass! 
Look girls, I've partied a lot. Okay? And I'm telling you, there's more to life.
Mr. Garrison, Al and I have been living together for a few months.
Sweetie, listen, I know you've done some "partying" in your private little rich life, but you don't even wanna know the kind of stuff I've done. I'm the real whore, and I'm telling you, it isn't great.
It's great that you feel better, but you never stopped to think about how other people around you would feel!
Really? Why would you dream that I was being an asshole?
People, don't applaud me. I'm a dirty whore.  Being spoiled and stupid and whorish is supposed to be a bad thing, remember? Parents, if you don't teach your children that people like Paris Hilton are supposed to be despised, where are they gonna learn it?! You have to be the-  ooohooho, Jesus Christ. You have to be the ones to make sure your daughters aren't looking up to the wrong people.
Oh, hi Wendy. You need a little help with your math homework?
As I got older, I felt that one boy was never enough.
Paris Hilton is a nobody! She may have money, but she's a thoughtless, talentless lowlife!
Well it wasn't the first small animal I put up my ass.
Hon, will you just tell these girls that being a whore isn't such a great thing.
We're getting married right after the bill passes on Saturday.
Stop it, you two! Stop it! Don't you see how crazy this is?
Almost. I just have to get through a su-  Uh-huc, Jesus Christ.
I've got a little- Oof.  Ohoc, Jesus Christ. What's happening in there?
