How about some shirazz, guys? 

Well, if you'll all excuse us, I think we'll be going now. 

That's... not a bad idea, a city wall.

He would have sprayed your brains all over the floor and then taken your body off to the woods.  You've got to be on your toes, Tweek. Alright, now go to bed and get some rest.

Well, when I started courting your mother, there was this big muscular football player named Quib, who didn't take too kindly to me. He wanted your mother all to himself. And so, one day, he challenged me to a fight. 

'Sokay, boys. Just act as if we weren't here.

Get out of here! 

Me? I would never abduct our son!

Oh my God!

You failed the test, son. Didn't I tell you not to open the door for anybody except your mother and I?

Why?

Oh?  I think I'll go with you.

Oh God. What have we done? We sent our children away, and now they don't even remember who they are.

We're sorry, Tweek!

Tweek!

Sit down and have some coffee, son.  Tweek, there's starting to be a lot of reports in the news about kids being abducted, and we thought we should talk.

Guys! Sh, quiet everyone. 

Tweek, calm down. Have some coffee. 

'Oodleahah.

You too, Tweek!

How was school today, son?

Well, maybe things could be better if we could trust people like the Stotches!

Uh, Sh-sh. Here he comes, here he comes. 

Oh, hey Gerald. New car?

Oh yeah?! 

Son, let me tell you a little story about when your mother and I first met.  You see, a long time ago, there were a lot of guys who were after your mother. She used to be very attractive.

Oh Jesus, turn it up, honey!

Well, sure, that's easy for you to say; your son's dead. But those of us with alive children need to be sure that Father Maxi's on the up-and-up.

So I guess there's nothing left to do now but... rebuild.

The uh... no, the part about being more trusting. We should follow what he said, not what he did.

That's great.

...What was that last bit?

Calm down, son. Remember what Dr. Norris told you. Find your center.

Oh thanks, Sharon.

Come on, Tweek! We're gonna watch it on TV! 

We can let them go, can we?

They're starting to remember.

I just want to make sure that you-

Well... Good for you.

Well what are we supposed to do, eh-? How can we protect Tweek from ourselves? 

Did he hurt you, son?

Aaaaa! 

Where are you going?

You guys, you guys! I can do it.

Oh my God, do you see what this means? The Ghost of Human Kindness was right all along.

Richarrrrd!

Loving you
is easy cause you're beautiful
-doo-n-doo--doo-doooo--
Aaaaa! 
Aaaaa!

Who else could it have been?

Lalalalala...

Wait a minute. Those Mongolians are... our children. 

That's a good idea. I'm gonna be an atheist too.

Boy, you really beat the crap out of that Conifer dad.

If only the rest of the country  was as insightful as we are.

That's true. If I'm gonna raise my son to be atheist, I don't want him saying "under God" every day at school. That could really damage him. "Under God" should be taken out of the- uh, 'scuse me.  Moowwaaagh.  "Under God" should be taken out of the Pledge of Allegiance.

Aaah

Loving you
is easy cause you're beautiful
doo-nn-doo-nn-doo-dooo

Now, we don't want to alarm you, son, but we've installed new locks on your bedroom windows and door. Important for you to know never to unlock them at night for anyone except your mother and I.

