Hey Phillip, it looks like those beans might make me fart.
How are we all feeling tonight? Pretty good? Uh oh.  Hey, do you all remember this one? "Doctor, doctor. I think I cracked my ass." "Reallih? Let me take a look." "Look closer." 
What the hell am I going to do, Phillip? She makes me so mad sometimes.
HA! Goood luck getting Phillip! He left because he wanted to do  "more serious" stuff. Last I heard, he was doing Canadian Shakespeare in Toronto.
Yes, indeed.  But now my little Sally is being held captive in Iran.  And I will have to go and find her.
You've got a man over, don't you, Celine Dion?!
Sure you can, Ugly Bob. If they can't see how horribly disfigured you are, they'll want to sleep with you.
Wrong! She's been taken hostage, and is now being held prisoner.
Yes.  If people can't see your face, they won't know how wretchedly ugly you are.
Well. It's too bad we didn't find any treasure on the subway, Phillip. 
We're doing an anal transplant. It's our only hope.
I don't think I can do it, Phillip. 
Hold on a minute! Wait just a second!  We just did some calculating! By NOT working during the strike, Canadians lost more than 10.4 million dollars!
Phillip, I think I may have accidentally killed Celine Dion.
Hey Phillip, would you like to eat some beans.
No! It's Sally. She's being held captive in Iran.
Oh, Phillip. It sounds like you have an idea.
I'm here, Sally. It's your father, Terrance.  I'm here to save you from your smelly Arabian captors.
We did it, Phillip! We destroyed the Turks!
Sure, buddy! All you need to do is go down to the , and that's how you  get to the auto garage!
Phillip, I'm convinced that something very very not good is happening to Canada.
Ah, I know.  I know he sucks  To be honest, things haven't been going so well lately. I'm not making any money because everyone wants to see Phillip. Why? What the hell does Phillip do?
Well, let us board the subway and return home. There we can eat Kraft Dinner!
Look, buddih, me and Phillip need to go home for a bit.
And now, for some classic Terrance and Phillip comedy! 
Why is it that every time somebody sees me they have to say, "Hey, where's Phillip?" Like we're freaking married or something! You know, I'll let you tater-tots in on a little secret: Phillip is a HACK!  You know who wrote all the Terrance and Phillip stuff? ME! Phillip never did anything but read his lines!
My doing?? These kids called me and said it was your idea and that you wanted to apologize.
Oh wait, I have another call on, Scott. Can you hold on?
Oh, Phillip, you saved me from the gas chamber. 
Phillip and I are going to Iran to find her, but we may never return.
And now here's a classic Terrance and Phillip sketch that I wrote back in '62. 
They're all stupid anyway.  Come on guys, let's go.
Well, Scott said to meet him here, but he's not showing up! 
Because you've reduced Canada Channel to smut and toilet humor!
No. No, Phillip, don't say it. I was an asshole, and this is mostly my fault.
By Friday, we're gonna clone a whole human being.  Good luck with your stupid little pig.
Oh, Phillip, now you farted during the closing argument!
Oh no Phillip, looks like you're about to fart.
Beef and lamb, chicken and ham, Step to the left and clap your hands! Gosh we love our chicken and ham. Don't let it go to waste that chicken and ham!
Shiver me timbers, Phillip! At this rate I'll never get to my Kraft Dinner!  Oh my God!
No, Phillip, I really thought I did everything. Until I- tried to do it alone. 
I don't know, Phillip. It looks like the alien species here breathe an inert gas.
Say, Phillip, why does Scott always try to convict me of murder? He does it every week.
It sure does Phillip. No one will oppress our religion here. 
God no!  Oh, Phillip, your anthrax has given me colon cancer!
Is there a penny stuck in my butt?
It sure did, Phillip.  Oh, wait. That is the phone.  Hello?
I never needed you in the first place, yuh hack! 
Oh, Phillip. How will we ever find my fugitive daughter in this daunting place? We don't speak the language, we are unwelcome strangers, and we have no idea where to begin.
Hurgh, urgh.  Damn it! Pull really hard, Phillip!
Hey, Phillip. Isn't that the smelly gentleman we've seen in pictures all over town?
That's called a monkey claw because it feels like my colon is being ripped apart by a thousand monkeys!
Terrific! We need two tickets for Tehran, please.
Wroong. We've already got our human clone well under way. 
You cheating bastards.  This isn't over, just wait until tomorrow.
Oh Celine Dion. You never finished that national anthem.
What's the big idea making a mobile game without our approval?!
All right, enough with the queefing! We didn't come for a social call!
Hey dumbasses.  You morons give up on your stupid science fair project yet?
No it isn't.  Wanna see what's on the inside of me? 
Say, Phillip, I have a question for you.
Yes. You mean Saddam Smelly. We saw him on the telly.
Hey Phillip, you know what my space suit smells like?
Ahh, listen, ahh, we've been talking it over, and we really are uncomfortable with this freemium thing.
Crap. It's too bad we didn't find any treasure on the subway, Phillip.
Oh, yes. Didn't I mention that, me hearty?
My God, you're looking hideously ugly today, Ugly Bob.
Hurgh-rrh. Waiwait, wait wait. Hrhrhrhrh. Aha! Hr-rhrh. Oh my! Yeee-aaa!  Hurh. Uhwaiwait. Ye-aauraah-  Caught you there!
Oh, that was Sir Smelly. He says 'hello.'
Right, the guy that drank his own urine.
Ogh, whatever.  The point is, Phillip and I are through.  And apparently, so is the act. And so is the money.
Well. Phillip, I am very sad that we have to die for Canada.
You son of a bitch! You paid pushers to get addicts hooked on our freemium game?!
Yes, Phillip. I'm making a case for our defense. 
OOOH! Sure! Just stick your finger up my ass.
Hello Mohammad, we've read all aboat you in the Koran.
Just half my ass. Can you believe it, Phillip? Best friends, and now we're going to share the same ass.
Hey, they've got our clone.  He belongs to us.
Yes. We can get satellite feed from the U.S. and watch all their stupid T.V. shows.
Oh, Phillip, I'm so glad everything turned out for the better. 
But then all our profits come from people with problems.
Because I'm suddenly finding myself strangely attracted to Katherine.
Hey, Phillip. I have to go to Iraq and find my kidnapped daughter.
You know I never turn down Kroff Dinner, Phillip.  I'm going to put on a pirate costume. 
Yes, we have dad. My very own human clone.
I may be fat but at least I didn't get hair plugs!
Well, we just can't sit here and eat Kraft Dinner and let Canada be overrun by the Turks! 
Well, now that I have my bastard daughter back, I feel like going to Celine Dion's house and asking her to marry me again.
Halfway? Then all you've got is a stupid pig.
You replaced our show with this?! But they aren't funny! All they do is queef all the time!
Oh, Celine Dion, what have you done? I was going to make us a family again, but now you've slept with Ugly Bob!
Huh, eh,  wait wait wait.  Eh, eh.  Here it comes, ehhhh.  Daaaah, I crapped in my pants!
I'm sorry, Scott. Could you hold on a minute?
Oh! Thank God. The last thing I need is more kids.  What do you want, an autograph or something?
It sure is, Phillip. But I do believe this steer I'm riding has the farts. 
Very nice place you have here. Network must be paying you well.
Sure. You go the same way  except stick your finger up your ass.
Hmmm, I don't know, why don't you check? 
Earth Day, huh? That sounds like a very noble cause. How much does it pay?
Yes. See this X-ray?  That's your ass. See this line?  That's your ass collapsing. Your ass is collapsing.
Sure thing, Phillip.  Ah ha ha ha, you got me again! 
Well, I guess if everyone is just paying forty cents at a time it can't be that bad.
Oh. Well. It all began fif-teen years ago.
We're just worried that some people will abuse the game and start spending more money than they can afford.
Say Phillip, I just bought this new hybrid car.
Thank you everyone, thank you! You know, Phillip and I have learned an important lesson: that when you go through a lot with somebody, you can't let trite things come between you.
But this is taking too long, and Phillip is diabetic.
Thank you Mr. Garrison.  Boys, Mr. Garrison, fellow students, for our science fair project Bill, Fosse, and I have spawned a creature genetically far superior to man.  I present to you, the five-assed monkey. 
You're at the auto garage. I am the mechanic.
You didn't build a mobile game, you built an addiction machine!
But Family Guy is going to show Mohammad on an episode that airs tonight!
I must take my bastard daughter back to Celine Dion and see what she has to say.
Jesus Christ! That was fast! Well, what should we name it? How about Jerry?
