Whoa, Jesus, it's already happening. Society's breaking down!

My whole life I've been a woman trapped in a man's body. A sex-change operation is my last chance at happiness.

I am not gay!

Because it's Christmas???

...So?

Sure, if you like the sound of a peacock getting its neck broken.

Well, I hope you little Commies are pretty pleased with yourselves!  Going out there and protesting America, and then saying on national television that you don't even know who the Founding Fathers are! You kids don't know squat about America, do you?!

Oh, wuh, welluh, Mr. Tweek, why don't we uh, go back to my place.

Well, that's four fingers; try five.

Very funny, Eric! Kenny's dead!

THE AIRLINE COMPANIES ARE LOSING MONEY BECAUSE OF THEIR OWN INCOMPETENCE AND THEIR OWN INEFFICIENCY!!

And be ready for a quiz tomorrow morning.

Eheh, the first thing we're gonna be learning about is communist Russia. 

Oh, Mr. Hat, isn't it beautiful. 

No, you could still see his eyes...

I sure hope that I'm not Eric Cartman's father, Mr. Hat.

I can live with that.

Okay, kids, get ready to take your places.

Boy, did we get screwed.

Was it that I was ugly?!

But I feel like I'm making the wrong decision.

Okay children, let's all take our seats.  Before we get started today, Wendy Testaburger has asked to share something with the class. Wendy? 

Okay, children, I'm having a real problem with you all having lawyers. It is really disrupting class time!  Uh huh. Ri-oh, uh oh, I see. Oh, okay. Ri-ight.  Kids, what I meant to say is that I fully condone you all having lawyers and support your legal recourses in every way. Now, let's get back to Ulysses S. Grant, if that's okay with you, uhum...

Aww, yeah.

What do you mean?

Hey uh, uh, uh. Good thing you guys came. This... little boy was trying to have his way with me.

Look, it's all about context. Well, for example, recently, I have come out and admitted that I was a homosexual. I'm gay. That means that now I can say the word, "fag". On television they usually don't allow "fag". But because I'm gay, it's alright. And with the new approval of the word, "shit," that means that finally I am free to say,Hey, there, shitty shitty fag fag,Shitty shitty fag fag, how do you do?Hey, there, shitty shitty fag fag,Shitty shitty fag fag, how do you do? Oh this is great!

Yeah, he has Patrick Duffy for a leg, and weaves baskets.

Shut up, Eric! There's gonna be 4 million children playing this song at the same time on their recorders, and, so help me God, South Park Elementary is not gonna be the only ones that don't know the song! Try again! Recorders up.  And a-1 and a-2 and a- 

And the award for worst costume this year goes to... Stan, for his stupid little clown thing costume. Let's all point at Stan and laugh, children.  Yeah.

Kyle, what are you doing here?

Hello there, children! 

Okay, all the little pioneers on this side of the stage.  Good. And all the little Indians go to the center of the stage .

No I don't!  IT'S A LIE! You see? That's what you get for bein' a teacher! You work and you work for the children and then people start rumors that you're gay even though you love poontang!

You're the ones who made it this way!

I thought of it before you were born!

A few hundred?

He's still questioning that new prisoner.

Can we discuss the gymnasium and get out of here, please?

Bluuuch...Bluuuch...Bluuuch...Oh, stop, that movie was terrible!

Is this still part of the show?

What do you mean "guinea rats"?

Oh, thank God, Flora!  Alright, who do you vote for?

And so children, at noon today, all the girls will go to the gymnasium for their vaccinations, and boys will head on out to recess. 

Uh I'll leave the door open a little in case you ...need to see me about anything.

UUUUUuuuuuugh

Well, kids, how did you like the planetarium?

M-m-m.  Oh, well, thank you!  You know, it's funny: you kiss just like my dad.  Well, Ms. Crabtree, this certainly has been a great trip. Let's head home.

So that's  Mr. Slave.  The teacher's assistant.  Or, as I like to write for short, the Teacher's Ass.

Oh, crap!

What the hell are you talkin' about?!

Well, they can't use "fag". Because you can't say "fag" unless you're a homosexual.

...and then she finished it all by throwing her voice with two dummies at once.

Now, let's try it again.  SUCK MY BALLS!

Wait, wait, there's more. It says here that Eric's trophy will be presented to him by...Kathie Lee Gifford.

Flora, you have to pick one. Filmore or Ike?

There's another Klan rally tonight; I have to be there in 15 minutes.

Olay, children, let's take our seats. If you'll remember yesterday we were discussing state capitals.

No. See, you got beeped.

Thanks.  Hello Officer Barbrady.

Sit down boys, we'll talk about this later. Right now we're talking about vaginal warts.

Yeah, but how can we keep that close a watch on the whole neighborhood?

There's nothing left, I told you.

Stanley Marsh, you come up here right now and read your note!

Hi, Mrs. Campbell.

Yeah, there's not much you can do about a succubus. Their evil power makes man blind to love.

Oh, Jesus tap-dancing Christ.

What??

That can't be.

What the hell are you talking about, Eric?

We're doomed! Good-bye, Mr. Hat.

Eric, if you call Wendy a bitch one more time, I'm sending you to the principal's office!

Stan, are you wearing a different hat?

We're in the money, Mr. Hat, We're in the money, Mr. Hat...  Oh hi, Jimbo. Can I help you?

...Poontang.

Oh, Mr. Hat! Would you stop drooling over Enrique Iglesias and... wait a minute. What did you say?

Mephesto's been shot. 

Yeah!

Well, yeah, but that??

Jesus Christ. 

You will be! You will be!  You will be.

Oh my God.

You're still aren't entertaining ideas of raping me in this prison cell, are you, Chef?

Who-? Who are you? What do you want?

Hello, children. Ready for lunch?

Well what are we waiting for? Let's get outside! 

IT gets over 300 miles to the gallon, and is safely capable of speeds of over 200 miles per hour.

Excellent. "A-".

Well, this is it, Mr. Slave. We're officially homeless.

Face it, Mother. He never abused me! 

Hey, he isn't hurt. He took a dive, he threw the fight!

Now, IT is easily operated using four flexigrip handles. Two of them are on each side. Left side for throttle, right side for steering.  The third flexigrip is gently inserted into the anus, to keep the driver in place. 

Oh, please God, let it be forever.

What the...?  Whoa-hey-way-wait-aaah.  Aaaah. Mr. Hat! Save yourself! 

Ike Broflovski?

Well, too bad! You're all going to the planetarium tomorrow and you're all going to love it! In the meantime, we're going to watch episode #203, Barnaby Under Siege.

You think you can treat us however you want because we HAVE to fly! Well I'll tell you what, Sally Sassalot, I'm gonna come up with a NEW mode of transportation! A ahah brand new vehicle that'll put all you bastards out of business!

And the winner of the costume contest is  Wendy, for her Chewbacca costume! Come on up, Wendy. 

What?

So that's six votes for Filmore and six votes for Ike.  And the last vote is for... Uh, let's see. Flora, I can't tell who you voted for.  You've got the winning vote, Flora. Who d'you pick?

And finally tonight, parents, we have the South Park Kindergarten class. Their play is titled, "Thanksgiving, Mon Ami."

Hoh, very good haiku, Kyle. Yes- haikus have five syllables, then seven, then five. Kenny, can you give us another example?

What, what do you mean?

Quick, sue him!

Oh. Oh, um... Pleasure to meet you, Miss Donnell. You're looking... well.

Okay, children, I want it quiet!  Now, we're gonna try this again until we get it right! What is six times three?

That's a con-dor, Jenny. Con-dor.  Con-doms are what we use to stop the spread of STDs.  Yes, Filmore?

But it's okay because I found a new teacher's assistant. Say hello to...  Mr. Slave. 

Okay, let's all take out our math homework and go over the problems.

Very nice, Clyde. Okay, we have time for one more report before recess. Who'd like to go?  Okay Eric. 

Thank you.

What?!

This sucks balls!

I'll bet we could!

Chef, what did you do when white people stole your culture?

Stanley, are you passing notes to Kyle?!

Oh, here's everybody. 

Hey Mr. Reiner, why don't you Butt Out! 

Okay, children, what do you think Barnaby Jones meant when he said, "This is not a victimless crime"? Anybody?  Children, were you paying attention?!

Hoh, wow! You don't see that every day!

Chef, can I talk to you?

What the hell is going on?! 

Guess I'll just... go on up to bed now.

...and strong vulgar language...

Okay, children. I have some very exciting news for you... Oo-why don't you tell them, Mr. Twig?

But the good news is,  I've already talked to Principal Victoria about it and Ms. Ellen can stay on as your permanent teacher. 

No?

...so Kenny, would you please go over and pull the lights cords out of the wall?  Careful now, Kenny, those are very, very dangerous.  Okay.  Now let's practice our... 

Okay Bebe, this is your line.

What do you think, Mr. Marsh? All set to put a down payment on that baby?

...Who is that?!

Yeup.

Eric, is there a problem?

No, children! I've recounted 106 times now and I keep coming up with seven to six! Except in the one instance where it came out seven to five, and one where it came out twelve to fourteen. It's over! Ike is class president!

Oh brother.  Kenny, would you please climb that ladder and take down the star above the stage?  And be careful not to fall in that little pool below you, Kenny, the shark for the third act is in there.

Uh, boys, can I have a quick this and that with you? Boys, I don't know who wrote that report, but now that you've convinced everybody, you'd better stick with it. 'Cause if these people find out you didn't really write that paper, and I actually do get fired, then Mr. Hat is gonna do horrible things to you.  Oh, not that, Mr. Hat! That's really horrible! Anyway, good luck passing your new law, boys.

"But teacher, I don't want to do my math problems."

What?

Okay, Filmore.  You'll be our first nominee. And who else?  Yes, Jenny.

Look, this kind of behavior should not be acceptable from a teacher!

Okay okay, go ahead.  As I was saying, you all seem to enjoy this show, even though it isn't based in reality. There's much more to life than two young men farting on each other. And throughout history there have always been shows that have come and gone that have been very bad, and usually they get taken right off the air. You see, you should be spending your time enlightening your minds with more intelligent entertainment. 

...No, Eric! That's not what I'm talking about! The school board has sent over a special guest to teach us all about sexual harassment in schools. Please welcome Petey, the Sexual Harassment Panda. 

You wanted to see me, Principal Victoria?

You talkin' to me?  Hmm, no, I don't like this one either.

Wait a minute, wait, wait, wait, Kyle, what the hell was that?  You need to hold the baby by the legs, not by the head.  What kind of sick weirdo are you?

Very well. I guess... I'm not a teacher anymore.  I suppose you'll be wanting my badge and gun... 

Well, very impressive, Mark. You should be able to throw the grading curve and flunk all these little bastards. 

Butters, you are not to let go of Eric's hand until you are both back on that bus! Do you understand?!

I'm aware of that.

Hello?

What?

Do what?

Eric, that is a lot of money. Don't you think you should keep it in the bank instead of at your house?

Hey, watch it, fag.

Oh, right, right. Take a seat.

Sorry, Charlies! You can just keep your filthy bastard Indian money!

Dammit, don't give me that medical jargon! Just tell me straight, is he going to be okay?!

Well of course Stanley, what is it?

Hello, children. How is your summer going?

Your sister?!  Oh for Pete's sake, don't be such a little wuss.  Stop wasting Mr. Hat's time with pansy little foo-foo problems, and, give me back my cocoa!

It can't be. These can't be right.  Mr. Hat!

Your father?

Really? What did you like best about it?

They're all over the place!

Well thanks. You too.  So uh, Randy, you want me to give you a hand job in the bathroom?

Oh, come on! You all know that pigeon was a total slut.

Missionary position, good. A little boring, but tried and true. What else?

Uh, Stan, I'm not touching that one with a twenty-foot pole.

Kathie Lee Gifford. I don't believe it.

Oh, stop filling his head with that queer-loving propaganda.

Why won't anybody pound Mr. Slave's butt?!

I've always wanted to write a novel.

Now, I'm going to turn around, and when I turn back, I expect to see Mr. Hat lying right here!  Okay. I'm going to turn around now.  Shit!

Oh dear, sounds like I'm gettin' fired. 

Right, but who was the fattest oldest skank on her period?!  That's what I thought! Now pay attention!  Okay, children, now, the biggest fatass was an old skank by the name of-

Ogh! You're such a racist bastard, Mr. Hat.

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!

Dad?  Pop, I'm just fast asleep—I'm not hearing anything. 

Now, some of you know what it's like to be the new kid in town, so I want you all to take special care to make him feel welcome. I want you all to meet our new classmate...  uh-uh, what's your name again?

Oh alright, have your way with me if you must! Go on, fulfill you sick pleasures! 

Uh, don't worry, Kyle. I'm sending homework to all the children who are out sick. They'll have to turn in a paper, too.

Hey, wait! That doesn't count as our question, does it??

Do you know what it is to be a teacher, Ms....?

We'll probably be dead by sunrise!

Hey, is that fudge-packer Tom Cruise?

There has to be a way to find out what's going on.

Congratulations Eric, on writing the award winning paper.

And that's how the relationship with my father sort of ended. There's still some sort of skeletons in the closet, but things between us are a little better.  Okay, children, well now it's time for us to elect a class president,  so first we must pick nominees.  Who would like to nominate someone?

Really?

Okay children, we've still got some time to practice the song before we load up the bus and head out for Oklahoma.

What did he say?!

They were having a really good year! There couldn't be any distractions!

Okay, children, I'm really having a hard time with our Christmas play.  The new law states we can't sing any songs having to do with Jesus or Santa Claus.

I warn you, Chef, don't even think of taking advantage of me in this prison cell.

"Well, I'm not gong' to do it, teacher! You can just suck my balls!"

Is he going to live?

Half the kids in the class didn't vote for your nephew, so what about them? You don't give a crap about them because they're not on your side! People like you preach tolerance and open-mindedness all the time, but when it comes to Middle America, you think we're all evil and stupid country yokels who need your political enlightenment! Well, just because you're on TV doesn't mean you know crap about the government! Now get your ass back on first class and respect this class's right to make up their own minds!  ...Oh, sorry I got a little off the subject, kids.

Now it's got to be simple. Like a moped, but with the ability to travel at much faster speeds. The designs of our electrical moped were altered with a- no, nonono this won't work either!

What's the matter?

Oh, for Pete's sake, Clyde. You just went!

I think you're the loony one in this room.  Serves you right, you gay-bashing homo.

Leave us. We must finish what we have begun. 

Oh no. 

Yeah, and now we're gonna make sure you get the help you need.

...And so, children, that's why Hare Krishnas are totally gay.  Uh, can I help you?

That is very impressive, Eric. What do you intend to do with your underwater society?

No. I don't think that will solve any of our problems, though you seem to think it did.

And so you see, at this point Euripides knew he could not win the battle.  All right kids, for your homework tonight I want you all to read chapters seven... 

Ooohhh, why not??

Children! Children! A certain student's mother called me last night.

Oh, that stings.

But I never know what to write about.

But that's not the question.

Well, spank my ass and call me Charlie.  Isn't this exciting, two A+ students in a cloning war.

All right, that does it!!

So long, balls. 

Pay attention children!  I'm going to join your parents in requesting that you don't watch Terrance & Phillip any more, ever.

Are you propositioning me?

You... you're right.

Oh no, children, I think I've just made this a whole lot worse.

Yes, good Flora, you remembered the Filthy Sanchez.

Okay children, so what other sexual positions have we talked about? Yeah, the wrap-around butt grab. Sure, can't forget that. Uh huh, reverse cowgirl. Good, Kevin. Hot Lunch, sure, she likes that. Donkey Punch, uh huh. Glass-bottom boat. Good one, yes. Fish-eye. Good, Jenny. Chili dog. Mm-hm.

Hmmm.

No! No, I... haven't... taught in over... eight... months. 

Okay, now Butters, could you bring over Lemmiwinks for me please?

Haah! Eric!

It has to be more stable, Mr. Hat! A moped would be too dangerous at those speeds. Damnit!  Now, what if the jet power of an aircraft could be scaled down into a personal vehicle?

Uh-yes, apparently John Lennon's killer said he was inspired by The Catcher In The Rye, but he was just a kook! 

OH! Oh jeez.

Children, children! Today is a very special day.

What?

Good, I'm glad we could have this little talk Stanley. Now you go outside and practice football like a good little heterosexual.

Stan? Are you paying attention?

Okay, children, let's settle down!  Huhh I mean it; I want quiet!  My God, Mr. Hat, these children are so boring on Ritalin.  Huh, ah! Alright, children, today we're gonna learn about human reproduction. What do you think about that?!  Vaginas, and penises. Butt sex.  Well, dammit, Eric, don't you have some smartass thing to say?!

That does it! I will not put up with foolishness in my class! It's time for punishment!  Take it Mr. Slave! 

Yes! For God's sake, get on with it!

No Mr. Hat, don't say any more!

Wooo!

Good, Butters. Now if we take the glass tube of the Bunsen burner, we can also see how other things react.  Evaporation is an exothermic reaction, so let's look at an endothermic one. Mr. Slave, position 7 please.  Now I'm gonna put the glass tube under Mr. Slave's tight ass.  The heat from Mr. Slave's ass will act as our new conductor of energy

No. Butters, that's not how it works.

Can I ...come in?

Well, uh, ye, yes, I suppose you could.  You could, splice elephant genes with a dog, or cat, or a, pot-bellied pig genes.

Children, I have a very important announcement to make.  I'm quitting my job as a teacher. 

Damien, do you need to sit in time out for a few minutes? 

''Hey, there, shitty shitty fag fag,Shitty shitty fag fag, how do you do?Hey, there,-

No-o!

I'm a lady killer, Mr. Hat.

Oh dear.  Here Stanley, sit down, have some cocoa, and tell your friend Mr. Hat all about it. 

Okay children, let's take our seats. Before we get started, Kyle has asked to say a few words. Go ahead, Kyle.

Hmm, guess you'll have to take your seat, Kyle.

Okay, children, let's take our seats. Did you take attendance, Mr. Slave?

Don't forget your assignments tonight children, they're due tomorrow for everybody but Stan.

NO, we can't do fingerpaint! You kids wanna get herpes?! Huh?! How about a nice bucket of AIDS?! Sound good?! Now pay attention, alright? I'm going to show you the proper way to put on a condom.  First of all you remove the condom from its package.  Then you find which way the condom rolls out.  Put it in your mouth...  And apply.  And it's as simple as that. Any questions?

Does that mean... maybe we overreacted?

What the? I tell you, there's some crazy stuff going on in this town.

Hey, hurry up in there!  Jesus.  You're taking too long in the damn Tree of Insight!  You in there?!  Hey, where the hell did she go?  What the?  Haaa! Who? Who are you?

Okay, children, there's a few changes being made here at school, but lessons will go on as normal. Any questions?  Yes, Stan?

Timmy, did you not do your homework?!

Hey, I know a certain young man who's itching for a detention.  Aaaaaah!  Ooooh.

I brought you some more juice, Mr. Twig. Are you feeling any better?  I don't know who would want to hurt you like this, but I promise nobody will ever hurt you again, ever.  Mist-Mr. Twig... are you okay? Mist-Mr. Twig..?  Aaaggghhh!! Mr. Twig is broken in half! Who did this?!  You won't get away with this, you bastards!

That's it. Gyration.  A gyroscope.  It would allow for maximum balance and yet... Mr. Hat! You're a genius!  It's so simple and yet genius!

Sometimes Mr. Hat liked to pretend he was in a sauna with Brett Favre, and a bottle of Thousand Island dressing.

Right uh-  Wha- ...what was that?

So you see, Eric, anyone here could be your father. I'm afraid you're never going to know. 

Say, Mr. Slave.

I'm not saying the rest of the school year will be easy. In fact, it's going to be long and hard.  Really long and really hard. 

Aw, do you have to take away the Christmas tree, too?

That was close, Mr. Hat.

What's the matter?

She's not really Kathie Lee Gifford. She's some kinda alien. 

Well, boys, it's obvious you didn't even--

Yes! They were tryingn to systematically make men into wusses so they could take over the world!

Look, you can't counter a profane command with an idle threat! You must extinguish it with a vulgar suggestion! When a child says, "Suck my balls," you say, "Present them."

"Stinky Britches" by Alanis Morissette?

That ain't true! The Confederates would have whupped ass in Topeka, too!

Tonight I want you to read chapters one through five, and tomorrow we'll discuss the-

Oh, I bet this is it! Here it comes.

Yeah yeah yeah, we've heard that crap for about 2000 years now! We wanna hear somethin' new! It's the year 2000, for Christ's sake!

...Some, yes. There was my uncle, Richard. He... he molested me.

Oh, stop it!! You kids don't even know what you're talking about!! Eric, you're not half-bi!!

Ogod, you're not gonna lay that Channukah crap on me, are you?

Mayor, the little jakovasaurs are ruining my classroom. I can't teach our kids anything!

Was he on the school bus this morning?

God-damnit, don't you people get it?! I'm trying to get fired here! 

Yeah, crazy. 

Well, I'm just sayin'.

Oh I- I was just-uh hangin' out.

WHAT??

Children, did you say hi to Mr. Twig?

It's called The Catcher In The Rye, and it has some very... risqué parts... 

Every idea's been done, Butters, even before the Simpsons.

Ah-I feel kinda nauseous.

It isn't working. Sing your song, Mr. Slave.

Yeah! Why do we have to be their bitches every year?!

And now number 17 many of you got wrong as well. The correct answer was D, whales are mammals. 

...You don't count, Halfy-you don't have any legs!

I told you never say his name in my presence.

Please don't. We have to protect 'em.

Eric, stop being offensive.

No, you have to go in this building and see a bunch of stupid stars! Now, come on! 

No, don't!  Is that okay to show?

Hey, what the hell's going on?

Okay, children, let's take our seats. This morning we're going to have a special lecture by your school counselor, Mr. Mackey. 

They're really furry! 

Stanley, if you think it's so important to keep interrupting my class, then why don't you come up to the front and read your note to Kyle for everyone to hear!

Gary was state champion in wrestling AND in tennis.  He also maintained a 4.0 grade point average at his old school AND has been on two national commercials for toothpaste.

They're expecting you to give a big speech on corporate takeovers, and this time it has to last five minutes.

Damn, I guess I'm not the only person in America who's thought of killing Kathie Lee Gifford.

Oh.  You're right, Mr. Slave. We can both kill them together.

Well, Mr. Hat, I guess ole Kathie Lee really will be surprised when she gets here tomorrow. She beat us in the talent show all those years ago. And I think we owe her for that. Babang!

Uh oh, right, huh. Sorry about that.

Okay, children, now I'm going to remind you that this is a planetarium, not a Bangkok brothel. Let's behave ourselves.

You talkin' to me? I don't see anybody else around here, so you must be talkin' to me.  I'll take it!

Huh-uh, nothing! Nothing! 

Mother, did you know that ...Dad... never sexually molested me?

I know! I wanna know why not?!

Okay children, let's get you lined up so the judge can get a good look at your stupid little costumes.  Children, this year we have a celebrity judge, the star of 'Family Ties', Miss Tina Yothers. 

We don't have any African-Americans in our class!

See, that's what you get when you raise your child to be a pagan.

Alright children, I want you to copy down these math problems and solve them before recess.

It sure does seem to be a popular costume this year Kyle.

WOW! That's it! That's the nose I want!

OH, GOD-DAMNIT! You'd better be kidding! 

Ooooh, that's exciting, my mother was from Alabama. 

I can't go tomorrow, the Jizzfest is tonight!

We've better get him to the nurse's office, stat!

Uh, uhuh, Stanley, can I talk to you for a minute?

Well children, I am your teacher. I think you'll find that my advice is just as valuable as Chef's, if not more so.

I mean, I stuck a gerbil up your ass and they wanna give me a Goddamn medal!

Yes, that might do quite nicely. Thank you Officer Barbrady.

Alright!

That was a brilliant idea, having me put a gerbil up your ass, Mr. Slave.  Now we'll get fired for sure!

Hohoho.

All right, let's head in. 

Second star to the right, and straight on 'til morning. 

Well, uh d-don't you all look nice.

Go ahead.

They just begged to come back; I couldn't get them to shut up about it.

Oh, no, don't try- oh God, here we go.

What?! What the hell are you talking about?! I am not gay.

That'll be wonderful, won't it Mr. Hat.

Right, desks. Well, a lot of cuts had to be made since the school's funding is short for lawsuits.

Wait a minute. Where is Eric?

No it isn't, it makes you very sad! Now, apparently, the school board thinks that I don't teach you anything about current events, so tomorrow they're going to have you do presentations for the whole board.

No you didn't! No you didn't!

Everyonen get some sheets from home! If we can't chase the richers out, we'll spook 'em out!

Get out o'here!

Okay children, let's take our seats. Oh, uh, Stan, Kyle, Eric, and Kenny, the counselor wants to see you in his office, now.

Wuch, uch. Boy I had to see the entire movie to see the alien and it was her goddamned father!

It's obvious where all the talent in that family went!

You stood by and let it happen! You saw him come home drunk and then just go right to sleep!

Good job, Wendy. And what was that document called?

I did not want love from a young boy! I like men my own age.  Aah! I mean, I like women! What did I say?-Oh God! I love titties!

Okay, children, who can tell me what a condom is?  Yes, Jenny?

How the fuck should I know? If I knew that, I wouldn't be seein' a fuckin' psychiatrist, would I?

That's right Mr. Hat, shows like Terrance & Phillip are what we call 'toilet humor.' They don't expand your minds.  You see children, these kind of shows are senseless, vile trash.  Kenny, why are you late to class?  Oh, okay Kenny, be seated.  Now, as I was saying, the reason that parents of South Park are so upset is because...  Yes Kenny, what is it?

Well, what did you think?

And that, children, is what you need to know about The Facts Of Life. So, let's review.  Tootie left in the fourth season, but Blair and Jo stayed on and got husbands, leaving the fifth and sixth seasons hideously stagnant.  Okay children, that's lunch. See you in thirty minutes. 

Now, come on! Is that any way to talk?

Ho-okay, children, we have some new students joining us today. Let's all be warm and welcome them to our class. 

Okay, children, I hope you all did your homework last night, because we're goin' to talk about pages 42 through 612. First of all, who can tell me what year the Founding Fathers got together?  Let's see, how about...

What? N-No Eric, are you still worried about that old issue, I mean-

Oh! Oh! Oh, Dad! Oh, goodness gracious, uh! Oh, stop Dad, stop! Whahawah, whah, how could you-hoo?!

That's good. 

Wow, Mr. Hat. Having a nose job is even better than I thought. There's a whole world of opportunity opening up in front of us.

Boys, what the hell are you doing?! This is horribly, horribly wrong. How did you get this child?

Aw, damnit, I'm in the wrong place. 

Of course, and so does Mr. Hat. We do not tolerate sexual harassment!

Hoh Mr. Hat, I hate this! I wish I'd never had a nose job. 

Is there a problem Kenny?  Let's try to keep our hands and arms to ourselves, okay?

All right, kids in seats, kids in seats.  Today we are going to discuss the Berlin Wall.  This was a wall in Germany that actually separated the Communist east side and the Democratic west side.

You go to hell! You go to hell and you die!

That was not me, that was Mr. Hat! 

Stop! There are some extremists! They are threatening that if we give Muhammad to the celebrities, they are going to bomb us!

I'm just gonna step outside and go weewee.

Jimbo!

Poontang's poontang.

Now, Stalin was a big silly when it came to...

Arkansas?

Nobody else is gonna know that. You better just give him what he wants.

It doesn't matter. He left me.

Well yeah, but at least I got rid of all those damn ni-

What did you say?!

Yeah, well, I don't want to sound like a dickhole, but I told you so.

And so, children, that's how you tell a prostitute from a policeman. Now, are there any questions?  Yes, Kyle?

Hokay, children, we have a new student joining us from home school. Now, his parents are very worried about his safety, so please don't be too cruel to him. Mark? 

Children, children. Remember the 'Save Our Fragile Planet' essay contest that you children worked so hard on last month?  One of our very own South Park students has won the national prize.

Oh my God. 

So now, can you please change your network's programming?

Yes—Yes, I’m sorry.

How about, we get rid of all the Mexicans? 

Well?

Yeah, well that was the point, dingleberry! Ah-t put that down!

Excuse me, what the hell are you doing?

Uh, I uh I'm very happy to get this award. Uh but you know what makes me even happier? Sucking balls.

Out of over a million papers, Eric's was chosen as the grand prize winner.

Mmm, mmm, Mr. Hat, that was a long time ago. And I was only a child.

I want you all to find somebody in your own life who was in Vietnam and interview them about it.

Uh, Craig, how about you?

Well, I thought it was mostly women that read these things!

Don't look at me! Uh, y'all go on your bastard trip and just- don't look at me! 

Okay, children, now I know that today is the last day of school, and that the last day of school involves pranks, but this is going too far! What have you done with Mr. Hat?  Children! I want Mr. Hat back, right now!  The prank is over!  You think I can't get along without Mr. Hat, don't you? You think I can't live without him? Well, I can! He's just a puppet. I don't need him. You see? Watch.  God damn it! Where the fuck did you put Mr. Hat?! 

You're drunk, Mr. Hat! 

Eric, what are you doing here?

Ogh! Okay, so now can I PLEASE get fired and get my 25 million dollars?!

They took gay culture from real gays and their asses are ours!

Yeah!

Jesus Christ, these lines are ridiculous! I'm gonna miss my flight!  E- Excuse me, there are two other security checkpoints. Why can't you open those, too?

Well, uh-I guess that's true.

Yeah.  So long, South Park.

No!

Okay, Okay! I admit it! I might have made love to your mother at the Drunken Barn Dance! But who here didn't?!  Now come on, honestly. Who here has never had sex with Mrs. Cartman? 

Oh, here comes the guilt trip again.

Okay, children, let's take our seats. Uh, apparently, none of you tried to get me fired yesterday, so I guess we're just gonna have to go on and learn more today.  Now who can tells me what happens to water when we heat it up in the Bunsen burner?

Yeah. God only knows who they'll kill next.

So where did that money go? I'll tell you where it went: it went into the pockets of the presidents and CEOs of the airlines, so they can keep their multimillion dollar salaries!

A setup? But by who?

Well here, take a Pepto pill. I can't have my teacher's ass under the weather. 

Oh Jesus! Hey! It isn't safe in there!  Get out of there!

Oh, stop it, stop it! Stop i-i-it!   Look kids, we're all in this kindergarten class together. We have to respect one another or else we're in for a terrible school year.

Well, good for you, Puppet Pants! I'll have nothin' to do with it!

I could only imagine the rage building inside you, Stan. I bet you can't wait to out-dance those OC bastards!

What the hell?

God-damnit!

...and in fact many schools across the country still ban this book because it's thought to be so inappropriate.

Who's your famous aunt?

What do you mean?

Well then get an AIDS test, Thompson, 'cause your wife's a dude, faggot!  Yeah! I'm back!

And now children, our friend Mr. Hat is going to tell us all about genetic engineering.

Well, Mom, Dad, I guess I'd better be going. The concert is gonna start soon.

Everyone pay attention!  Now, what I really wanna get into today is what was going on in the north, because that's just a whole other mess that's pretty hard to keep straight, isn't it? The Night's Watch- 

Is he going to be all right, doctor?

"What's Vietnam?" A question a child might ask, but not a childish question. Heheheheheheheheheh. Children, for the next few days, we'll be learning all about Vietnam. Chances are that somebody in your own lives was affected by this incredible war.

Okay, so then the total is six for Filmore and now seven votes for Ike. Ike is the new class president.

Oh, I can't even concentrate on grading papers with all this excitement.  Why are you looking at me like that Mr. Hat?

Hey, it's Sexual Harassment Panda.

You think I can't do it?! I got a master's degree in mechanical engineering at Denver Community College! You watch me!!  Come on, everybody!

That's right.

I'm as gay as a gymnast on shore leave!

Oh-ho, great!

Sure, you can go off and screw any whore on Wyland Street, but when it came to your own son you were just too busy! 

And the presentation will be on national television.

Yes, thank you!

We're not moving, assfaces!

Well, I'm trying to direct the school Christmas play, but your son was holding the baby Jesus fetus by the head 

Mr. Hat, you need to admit you have a drinking problem!  Another Cosmo, please.

Sally Bands?

Yiou know, those types! Rich people! 

All right, Gary, why don't you take that empty seat and we'll get started with the lesson? 

Sometimes he fantasizes about same-sex relations.

Uh-OH, thanks, Mr. Tweek.

It's just the new diet fad! 

Damn this beautiful face of mine! Damn it to hell!!  We have to get the surgery again, Mr. Hat. I want to be the old me again! 

Mr. Twig, is that you?  Mis-Mr. Twig?  Aagghh!! Mr. Twig! No!  Who did this to you, Mr. Twig?! Who?!

Oh, whatever!

I have a lot of demons that I need to face, father. I need to know some things.

Now, Timmy,—

Yeah, I tell you boys, women can kill. Poontang's expensive. That's why when it comes to chicks, I just screw them and leave them. I'd say "get out of my bedroom, poontang, before you suck my life dry!"

Then who was it?

What the hell is he talking about?!

You little turds!! You've ruined my life for the last time!! 

Okay, children, now for those of you who are new, my name is  Mr. Garrison.

Okay kids, let's take our seats.  There has been a change in school policy, and so I'm assigning you all a book to read.

O-kay!  Kyle, is there anything you can do for the Christmas play that isn't related to Jesus?

Huh.

Children, children! To honor this special time of year we'll be doing a canned food drive. Does anybody know what a canned food drive is?  Yes, Eric?

Can we get rid of all the Mexicans?

All right kids, go ahead and visit the charming villagers and learn stuff.  Keep track of your partner!

I told you to never mention that name in my classroom again! Mr. Hat is a two-timin' whore, and now we all learn from Mr. Twig!

No, I wasn't in Vietnam, but sometimes, I like to pretend I was. Anyway, children, I'm going to assign you all a paper.

Now, kids, this book is very controversial and has just been taken off the banned books list. 

Thanks everyone. It's great to be back. I'm a man again. Thanks to my very special new friend.  But you know, I've learned that I've really been a dude all along. Because the key difference between men and women is that women can have babies. If you can't have babies, then, you're a man.

Mr. Mackey, can he just go talk to the principal?

What the hell is that?  Oh my God! What is that thing? Children, there's some huge bulbous monstrosity heading for the classroom!  Oh my God, it's awful! It's coming for the door. 

Holy poop on a stick!

You know. We just run around in circles and try to grab each others' asses.

Yeah, for "time to leave"!

...Oh right, right, right, I... Huh-... how much money, exactly?

Okay, now you're just gonna feel a little pinch.

Yes. I hope it's okay if I stay here a few nights, Mother, I... I have some things I really need to talk to you about.

No, no!

Okay, children, let's take our seats.  My name is Mr. Garrison, and I'm the new kindergarten teacher. I used to be the third grade teacher, but I had a little  "nervous breakdown" and went into the mountains where I lived off of "rat carcasses".  But I'm all better now, and the school was nice enough to let me go on teaching, as long as it was for kindergarten.  But it's not a demotion. No. I mean, just because a teacher was teaching third grade and now is teaching kindergarten, that's not a demotion, is it?  No, that's right, it's not. Well, let's start with roll call. Uh, let's see. Filmore Anderson?

Great party, Mr. Mackey. Mr. Hat just grabbed Principal Victoria's ass.  No! Mr. Hat, you get back here! 

Well, I was informed that fourth graders are a little too old for Mr. Hat.

Wha? Why did you pan to me just now? What the hell is that s'posed to mean?

You gotta get out!

Oh, well excuse me, Kyle! Why don't you just forget what Barnaby Jones has to say?! Why don't you not pay attention to Barnaby Jones and then let's see how far you get in society?! Okay, Stanley, why don't you tell us how Barnaby Jones knew the poison was in the milk?

Eric, this is silly, why don't we just stop-

Well we gave them the 15 billion dollar bailout and they fired their employees anyway! So now we have three people to clear 400 passengers!

Oh yeah?!  I'm not going, Mr. Hat, and that's final!  Let's just see you try and go without me!  Mi-Mr. Hat?

Thank you, Mr. Mackey.

Look, it's very simple. We took a vote and the vote tied, so now we gotta come up with a way--

Who should we call on next Mr. Hat?

Wwooww, that's a pretty good nose job. What do you think, Mr. Hat?

Did you think I would just take you back? Like you can just, walk out and then, come back like nothing happened? Oh, don't look at me like that, Mr. Hat. Remember, you're the one that left.  I'm not going to take you back.  You can just go to hell!  You go to hell and you die!  You are a lying bowl of turd, Mr. Hat!  I hope you starve, you lousy son of a bitch!  What are you all looking at? This is just between me and Mr. Hat.

Eric, where have you been?

Alright, see you next year, parents. 

Wait your turn Clyde.

It's just crazy, you know? Ev-everyone's affected by it. It's like all the money just... vanished.

Oh, that's perfect. You see Mr. Hat, we don't have to kill her. We can just upstage her.

Oh I think you should ask Mr. Hat.

Eat me, pervert!

No, I had no freakin' idea!

In a minute, Jenny. Who else wants to nominate a class president?  Oh, come on! You can't have an election with just one person running! What's the fun in that? Ike? How about you? You're a genius.

How dare you! Come on, Mr. Twig. 

Well, let me put it another way. You have to give your oral report to the entire South Park Town Committee tomorrow. And if it doesn't kick ass, and you make me look bad, Mr. Hat is gonna smack you bitches up!

That's just swell, Timmy! Looks like you've outsmarted the principal and the counselor!

That's right children. Are there any questions?  Yes, Stanley?

Alright children, as you know, we've been waiting for the absent kid's ballot to come in. Well, his mother was nice enough to bring him in from the hospital so that he could cast his vote. Ms. Harris?  Thank you very much, Billy. Don't forget to pick up your lung.  Alright, the absent kid's ballot is for...  Filmore.

What's going on now?

Now, this'll be a group project, so I'm going to place you all into groups of five. Let's see, uh. Wendy, Bebe, Clyde, Pip, and Token , you'll be Group 1, and Group 2 will be Stan, Kyle, Eric, Kenny, a-and, and Tweek.

And so you see, children, Genghis Khan was a "Mongol," not to be confused with a "mongoloid" like the actor, Nicholas Cage. Okay now, who can tell me in what  ...year ...the ...first ...film by a... mongoloid...  That's odd.  Those ROTC guys are way off course. 

Jesus..! Alright, we'll wait for tomorrow so the absent kid can cast his vote. Now go home! 

Okay, baby, I'm sorry.

Yes Kyle.

I'm just so sorry that I ruined everyone's chances for being on TV.

You wanted to see me, Principal Victoria?

Now, who can tell me what country Columbus was from?  Put your hand down, creampuff.

Well, you know, I was just thinking we could... put on some music and watch videos and pound Mr. Slave's tight little ass.

Aaaaaah!  Huhh, ohh, 

It IS incredible, Mr. Hat. And what makes IT possible  is IT's patented gyroscope design.  Gentlemen, I give you, IT!

Gentlemen, imagine being able to travel safely at incredibly fast speeds, and not having to go to the stupid fartface airports!

...What the hell's wrong with him?

Those pants and those shoes say you pound butt!!

Damnit, you don't raise your hand if you don't know!

Rats!

Eric, shut up! 

Thank you, Mayor. I don't wanna sound like a dickhole, but I-

And Wendy, I'm still not believing the labor pains.

Arkansas is where I grew up. My parents live there—my  ...father still lives there.

They're just the same as you and me. Their rights must be preserrrr-r-r-rrrved.

It's called intervention, Eric.

I'm telling you, this is all a terrible mistake, Officer Barbrady.

Ohh, uh, gee, isn't that an amazing coincidence?  Hmm, what are the odds of that?

Oh no, you don't! The school year is over, but summer vacation doesn't start for you little bastards until Mr. Hat is back on my desk!

How?  No, Mr. Hat, I couldn't kill Kathie Lee Gifford!

Well, well, well! Guess we learned something new about you, Jimbo, you freakin' fag! You wanna make out or something?

Okay, children. Each of you gets to choose two books from the Booktastic bus.

Yes,you can give your partner the ol' Hot Karl, sure.

Yeah, it feels really good!

Very well, I guess you're excused from homework.

Oh, and by the way, children, there's a walkout scheduled today to protest the war in Iraq. So, uh, if you're against the war, run along outside, and if you're for the war, uh, stay here and we'll do math problems. 

Okay kids, that's enough Dickens for one day. Let's get on with our lesson, right Mr. Hat?

THAT DOES IT!

Yeah, all he's gonna talk about is how he's gluten-free now and feels sooo fuckin' amazing.

Eric, Stanley just might lead our team to victory against the Middle Park Cowboys for the first time in decades. And we treat star athletes better 'cause they're better people.

Look, guys, we're sorry we tried to murder you, but... You have to stop what you're doing!

And so, children, instead of saying "Hand in your papers," I may now say, "Hand in your shit." Any questions?

Okay, children, does eveyone have their leotards on? 

Oh well, then maybe you can tell me who was in charge of the feminist movement of the early sixties!

Really, on what?

No, it wasn't you, Timmy. Try again.

Goddammit..! 

He never did, Mom, not once.

Guinea rats?

"Current Events in South Park". Now, I want you all to read a newspaper, or better yet, watch television, and come up with something current in South Park to do a report on.

Don't worry, Mr. Twig. Even though Mr. Hat rescued me from prison, I'm still going to stick with you.

Stanley, what the hell has gotten in to you?!  You have got severe lunchroom duty mister!

Bingo! Rich people don't want to live in South Park if they think it's HAUNTED!

Hey, you're the guy on the screen. 

Are you mocking me?! Because if you are, I have no problem sending your butt to the principal's office!

Oh, and what- he was just out in the open where everybody could see him and nobody got bombed?

Oh, I'm through with Mr. Hat. He's a two-timin' whore. From now on, children, you're all gonna be learning from Mr. Twig.

Eric, do you need to sit in the corner until your flaming gas is under control?

But you were just there! Why do you wanna go again so soon?

No, you got your door code, let us go!

You bet. I think Chinpokoman is chinpokorrific. I got Shoe.

Do you have a feather on your head?

Tolerant, but not stupid! Look, just because you have to tolerate something doesn't mean you have to approve of it! If you had to like it, it'd be called the Museum of Acceptance!  "Tolerate" means you're just putting up with it! You tolerate a crying child sitting next to you on the airplane or, or you tolerate a bad cold. It can still piss you off! Jesus Tapdancing Christ!

No! We just haven't scared them the right way! Think about it. What scares rich people more than anything? 

I can't take it, Mayor. You have to put an end to this Chinpoko Camp.

Eric, I haven't used Mr. Hat in a long time, and-

Ough, ergh. Eww. 

Well, what do you want? This is how it happened in those days.

Saying "normal" is extremely offensive to people who aren't in that group.  Trust me, you don't want this hot potato! Just let him use the girls room!

That's right. Doggie style we went over, mhm.

This is unbelievable, Mr. Slave! It seems no matter what I do I can't get fired!

It's strange, but suddenly I feel really confident about myself, and I've decided to quit teaching, and do what I've always dreamed of doing: hang out and screw hot chicks.

What the hell are you boys doing? You're supposed to be in there.

Saturday. Last, last Saturday. He's a paraplegic, but it didn't—

Well, Mom said I could sleep in the guest room tonight. Good night, Dad.

NOOO!

Okay, children, now I wanna review the different sexual positions. Who can tell me which sexual positions we talked about?

He's right! Nothin' ever went wrong in this town before that evil KoRn band showed up.

You are the Jewish community!

Yes, I need a gun.

I'll keep it at my house.

Boys, you're too young to take care of a child! I'm afraid I'm going to have to call the Red Cross and have him returned.

Hell if I know. I wouldn't go in there.

Very good, Gary. Wow, looks like I don't have a class full of retards anymore, doesn't it, children? 

Very enthralling. Okay, Ike? How about you?

Uh huh, pile driver position. Good, Quaid.

Yes, great job.

What'd he say?

NO, no,  but Mr. Hat is. 

Sorry, Eric, but if Kyle feels discriminated against, you'll have to stop or else I'll get a call from his mother.

I don't think they wrote this, Mr. Hat.

Huh? Oh, oh, Wendy, uhhh, very nicely done. Thank you. Okay, next report,  let's have uh, Peter Mullen.

What?! How dare you say that?!

Hoh, well, Stanley, I guess you came to the right person. Sit down.  Stanley, gay people... well- gay people are evil. Evil right down to their cold black hearts, which pump not blood like yours and mine, but rather a thick, vomitous oil that oozes through their rotten veins and clots in their pea-sized brains which becomes the cause of their Naziesque patterns of violent behavior. Do you understand?

Don't call people names, Stanley!

I'll never forget you, Mr. Twig. Thank you. 

I, I do not know you, sir.

You talkin' to me?  You talkin' to me? I don't know, it's a little small.

Ohuh... Yes.  Yes! Let's fingerpaint!

Oh, of all the juvenile things I've ever heard! You lost, Filmore! Don't be such a baby!  Alright, alright, I'll count up the ballots again. Okay, we had one vote for Filmore...  ...And this time, I again get six votes for Filmore and seven votes for Ike.

No, goddammit, it's eighteen!!

Jimbo, you take some folk and build a big wooden lowercase "t"! I'll take the rest and get some gas and torches ready!

Hurry up, children, let's take our seats.  You'd better have done your homework last night, Timmy.  What's this? 

They're not fish like some of you retards chose.

Damnit, this is not Japan!!

Run for your lives, children!  I'll try to fight it off!

What the? 

Kyle?

Anyway, children, I want you all to see at least one independent film at the festival and then write a paper about it.  The first film showing is called Witness To Denial, and it's a sexual exploration piece about two women in love.

Wow, that's... really great to hear.

Well crap, that didn't work.

We sure can! Well, I've got a worldwide-telecast recorder concert to get to.

Well, Mr. Smarty-Pants, it just so happens we are going on a field trip tomorrow!

Well, who cares about a guy that makes beer?! Jesus Christ, I'm trying to teach history!

South Park is saved. 

And so, we will all miss Kenny, his playful laughter, his innocent smile. But we will never forget that it was because of brave Kenny that stem-cell research was allowed to continue.

I thought you said beating the spread was a sure thing Jimbo.

Yeah, you wait 'til your father hears about this.

No, your shoes say you take it in the butt!!

I don't know Eric, they just do.  Now children, I want each of you to bring in one can of food. And later, the mayor of South Park will divide it up amongst Kenny's family and other poor people.

Now, when Dr. Drew told Jeff Conway he was on a one-way street to nowhere, what tactics did he use to try and convince-? 

Yes, that's it.  I am going to write the Great American Romance Novel!

I had a dream last night that you were a real dick.

A succubus is a woman sent from Hell to suck the life out of a man.

Then you're an Indian.

You see the damage you've caused, Eric Cartman?! What were you thinking?!

You go to hell! You go to hell and you die! I'm gonna find out who you are!

I don't know what I'm goin' tuh do, Mackey. Teaching is all I know.

Thank you for coming, Officer Barbrady.

What the hell is that?

Okay kids, there have been some hurtful and hateful things being said around this school, and so we are gonna hear from a guest speaker. Here to explain why Kim Kardashian is not a hobbit, please welcome, Aquaman. 

I can't help it. I'm a womanizer sometimes, I know, but I just think that... taking a woman home and getting some hot poon is about the greatest thing in the world.

This is unbelievable! You know, I seem to remember when the airlines said, "We need a 15 billion dollar bailout from the taxpayers-"!

There! I've done it, Mr. Slave. The perfect plan to get us fired. You finished your costume design yet?

I'm sorry, toots.

I have to know why! Right here and now—we're gonna talk about this!

Mr. Hat, on the other hand...

Oh, no. What are they doing?

Sure.

That's what Chad Everett thought when the new female intern joined the cast of Medical Center. He thought. "Who is this woman with her gazungas and high heels? What does she know about medicine?" Well, that intern soon saved Chad Everett's brother with a kidney transplant. So, you see? 

Good.  Very good.  You're ready to move on to the next level. But I warn you: we will now be diving deep into your own psyche. These children know what scares you, and so we, too, must face those demons.

That's a pretty weird bone disease.

Good. See you in school. 

Thanks. Come, Slave.  Oh, it's just awful, Chef! I used to feel like an outsider, a totally different person who stood out in this town! Now every straight guy is acting gayer than me!

Will you kids shut up?  Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck are not-! Oh my God, that's Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck. 

Your aunt Rosie O'Donnell is coming here?

Richard Stamos can't sing a high F, he always screws it up like this.

Oh, well then I guess you get an 'F'.  Okay, Terrance, I know the class can hardly wait to see your science fair project.

You know, uh, excuse me, but I agree. These rides are really stupid! Chamber of Farts isn't scary at all!

Is there a problem, boys?

I'll just... be going up to bed now.  Gueh... guess maybe I won't even wear those boxers.

That's the fifth family of them that's moved here. Seems like all of a sudden South Park is being overrun by those types.

Children, do you know how to file a police report?

Is this some kind of joke?

Oh, sorry. So I can keep it then?

But they're electing a new assistant to the Grand Dragon. I might get elected.

I knew it! I knew gay people would never do this to their own kind! 

Very good, Kyle.

Oohh, I'm sorry, Chef. Mr. Hat is a racist son of a bitch.

Mr. Hat is just a puppet.

Please, if you must take anyone, don't take me. These kids are worth more to you. 

Whereas salagadoola mechicka boola = x and bibbidi-bobbidi-boo is y, put 'em together and whattaya got? Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo. x + y = y, x = 0. The song is badly written. Second verse: x + y = bibbidi-bobbidi cubed + boo-

Because you never know the right answer, butt-for-brains! Yes, Mark?

Look at that, Mr. Slave.  Our cup runneth over.

Well, let's just try to cope with the changes and do our schoolwork. Now, I'm gonna write a sentence on the board, and I want you to tell me the noun. 

Wow, it's a black blizzard!

You can't close your eyes forever, Mother!  Mother, wait! 

Eric, did you just take a crap on my desk?

Gentlemen, teaching is all I know. It is the air that I breathe.

Hold on a second! 

Buh... but... this doesn't make sense!  How can gay men do this to their own people??  Unless... you're not gay at all... 

I called you a fag. Because I'm gay, and that means I'm free to use the word "fag". So piss off, you fag-shitter! Heh, so hey there, shity shitty fag fagShitty shitty fag fag, ba doop a doop doo 

Oh, yeah, and it won't be long before they drove all of us poor underachieving people out of town with inflated real-estate costs!

For the last time, my name is not Garrison-san, all right?! And this is not Hat-san! And you all better start talking in a manner that I can understand!

Well, boys, it's obvious to me that you didn't do your work, and that you stayed up all night thinking up some ridiculous lie.

Wai-wa I was here first.

No, no, it was that little Kenny bastard that gave it to me. 

Wow! Isn't that amazing Mr. Hat?

Okay, children, let's quiet down so the nice bus driver can concentrate on the road.

Settle down, children. I have some difficult news. This is going to make you all very sad.  The school board is considering firing me as your teacher. There's a possibility that I will be let go and never allowed to teach you again.  Yes, Stanley?

Hoh, boy, I'm gonna need some more smack.

Oh, and what do you consider normal?!

Come on, boys. You're holdin' up the bus.  Oh, wow, look. It's Kenny G himself. Thank you for a wonderful concert, Mr. G.

Okay, children. Let's all gather around and bob for stupid apples now. You go first, Bebe.  That's good, just use those mouth muscles like the girls in Beijing.

I'm not talking about your birthday, Eric. We have a new student joining our class today.

This is driving me crazy!! I can't handle you little bastards being so mellow!!

Noo, that's a Caesarian Section Eric, but that's okay, remember, there are no stupid questions, just stupid people.  A canned food drive is when we collect canned food for poor people who can't afford to eat on Thanksgiving.

Well, I... guess you could. 

Well that's just jingles! Because I'm assigning all you little flag-burners a full report on seventeen seventy-siyix, and the Founding Fathers!

No! No, Filmore! You can say "I have to poop and shit," or "Oh, shit, I have to poop," but not "I have to shit." Are we all clear?

Uh, boys, you better get your asses to work.

Not me! Not me not me not me not me! 

Yeah, what a mean thing to do!

Alright, so apparently what we're gonna do now is hand-count each person's ballot--

Butters, will you pay attention, please?

We don't have time for all that, Chef! Oh, if only those Queer Eye For the Straight Guy people understood what they were doing.  Wait.  That's it! I know exactly what to do!  Come on, Mr. Slave! Let's get back to our flippity floppity floop. 

Well, hell, turn it up.

Stanley, the Vietnam War was war! There weren't galloping steeds or singing birds or log rides.

It is, too late for me, young Wendy.

Oh, will you grow up?!

One of you?!  We've spent our whole lives tryin' NOT to be one of you! You can't do this to us!!

Yeah, I swear, if I hear another person talking about being gluten-free I'm gonna piss in their face.

In the sewers? Can't be safe down there.

Here he comes! 

Mr. Mackey, um... I can't go to Arkansas. Somebody's gonna have to fill in for me.

What the... 

No, I... think all my work here is done. Dad, I... don't know what to say; I feel closer to you than I ever have.

And now children, our friend, Mr. Hat, is going to tell us about Christopher Columbus.

Now, does anybody know what sexual harassment means?  Yes, Eric?

Don't apologize for me to that spearchucker!

...there we go. Now, the final flexigrip is directly in front of the driver so that its small switches can be operated with the mouth, as such.  Put the four together and we're ready to go. 

Well, then, Stanley. What did I just say?

Okay, children, let's all take our seats. We have a lot to learn today.  Oohh-kay. Uh, Clyde, can you tell me when Ulysses S. Grant was president?

I just act that way to get chicks, dumb ass. 

What?? That's what I'm doing!

Oh, great! Well I guess we have to go back!

He's coming out!

...Well not like that!

Now please, please! 

Butters! Butters, do you have a problem?!

Yeah! Get it! Get it all! Yeah, that's it! Burn, you bastard!

Okay, children, we've just received word from the mayor that the Christmas play can't include any Christmas lights, since they offend people with epilepsy...

What the hell are these police drones doing? We can't protest now?

Eric Cartman, you say "excuse me"!

Oh, you kids. 

—You need to work on your study skills!

Boys, I have an announcement to make: I'm not gonna be your teacher anymore. I've become a best-selling author! And Kyle, I want you to have a signed copy as a get-well present. 

Okay, children, we have a special guest today, a woman recruiting young people  for a national choir tour. Now I know that choir tours are totally stupid and lame , but please, give her your full attention.  Go ahead.

Oh, I feel like I've run a marathon. 

Oh, boy, we're free!  Wow, what a daring rescue.  Mr. Hat!  Mr. Hat saved us, Chef!  Come on, let's get in the truck! I'll drive from here, Mr. Hat.

Okay now, who can tell me what year the first astronauts landed on the moon? 

Oh, the old succubus syndrome.

Okay, children, today we're going to learn all about Japanese poems called haiku. A haiku is just like a normal American poem, except that it doesn't rhyme, and it's totally stupid. For example- Uh, where is Eric Cartman?

We're out.  We're all out of toppings! There's nothing left to eat.

Look out!! 

At first I was sure one of the children took him, but then I remembered that Mr. Hat and I actually had a fight that morning.

You don't love me!  I wanna die!

I seriously cannot take hearing about gluten anymore.

No no, I was the asshole. 

Mother won't hear the truth!

Everyone, let's give K. C. and his weed a big hand.  Okay Kyle, we're ready to see your science project.

Thank you Miss Yothers.  Okay, the second place award for best costume goes to... Kenny, for his Edward James Olmos costume.  And the award for the very best costume goes to... Wendy, for her Chewbacca costume! 

Yes.

Kyle Broflovski, you watch your language!! Eric Cartman, you be nice to people!! Stan Marsh, you mind your manners!! Kenny McCormick, you pay attention!!  Go ahead.

That's right Mr. Hat, the winner of the national 'Save Our Fragile Planet' contest is... Eric Cartman.

White Power! White Power!

...Well, okay. I suppose you were paying attention.  Anyway, children, the Love Boat did go on for about eight years. They tried to bring it back recently, but it didn't work. Probably 'cause Robert Urich had to weigh... 

Leave us. We must finish what we have begun.

Eric, did you just throw a paper airplane?!

Oh, good idea. Okay Stanley, you're next.

The Mr. Hankey song-how does that go?

Well, I guess we could go again, since it's just down the street.

I couldn't help but notice that black eye you have.  Are there problems at home?

Yes.

Oh uh- hello, children.

There's always somethin'. For me it was the soy sauce.  Sneaky, sneaky soy sauce.

Oh no..!

Sure, kids. 

I wasn't good enough for you! Was that it, Dad?!

O-kay, is there anyone who can answer the question?

...Well, this is gonna be a tough one, kids.

Are you nuts? If Muhammad appears in South Park, we get bombed! 

Huh? Oh, fine. We were just about to run it from the top.

These pictures just arrived.  I set up a camera, and caught Mr. Twig's assailant red-handed.  Now, go arrest him!  What..?

That's it Eric, you-!

Right.

Now, I don't really have any pajamas—guess I'll just... sleep in my boxers or something.

Wow, I never realized Ben had TPS, but I definitely see the resemblance now. 

Ohh, I think I've caught a touch of the flu from little Kenny this morning. I've got the green apple splatters.

Well, women want to read about ding-dongs! D'you think women care about the details of female anatomy?! Hell no! Women wanna read about big, powerful schlongs!  Look, I've seen women read these things. They skim along and skim along until they get to the part about the penis! That's what they want, so that's what I'm giving them!

No! The parents felt so bad that their kids didn't want to attend my class anymore that they wanna give me the Courageous Teacher award this Friday at the Museum of Tolerance!

Yeh-you don't say.  Well thanks, uh, Principal Victoria.  Holy Moly! I've gotta find a way to get fired for being gay!

Well children, I'd love to, but the doctor say that Mr. Hat needs more therapy.

I need some help over here! Please help! I think he's got third-degree burns! 

Damn, Damn, Damn!! Oh well, I guess it'll just have to be you and me, Ms. Cartman. 

It was the craziest thing I've ever seen, Mr. Slave. All the children were suddenly acting like being gay was cool. I mean, maybe we're not the only gay couple in town anymore. 

It sure is, Mr. Hat. 

Thanks. Is there somewhere in town where I can get a good, clear shot - uh, view - of Kathie Lee.

Yeah, I think I left your oven on, too.

And so, children, today we're gonna focus on American history, right Mr. Twig?

Actually,  it's more like a royal flush.

What? Well of course I didn't make it. The line to check in was two hours long, and the security line was two hours more!

I thought of it yesterday!

He's right. We don't have to call the police back.

Exactly.

Say "hi" to Sexual Harassment Panda!

Mr. Hat, what do you think you're doing?

Well, you can just stay in that drawer Negative Nancy.

Thanks, Jimbo. I really like your outfit, too.  Soho... so Jimbo, you... wanna come back to my place with me and Mr. Slave?

And I can't sleep or think...  Where would he have gone? Why would he leave?

I can't kill her Mr. Hat. You're gonna have to do it. 

...And Mr. Twig is at home; he has no idea Mr. Hat is even back. I mean, I care a lot about Mr. Twig, but Mr. Hat and I have so much history.

...You're not?

Oh, for Christ's sakes, you're all acting like a bunch o' kids!

There's a box next to Filmore's name and a box next to Ike's! What's not to understand?

Oh hey Randy.

The sports watch from the commercial?

I know, I know. I'm sorry, children, but we can't afford chalk anymore. I have to write on the chalkboard with this rusty nail. Anyway, children, in the sentence, "The ball is red..." 

I haven't seen my father for 23 years.

You bastards!

Iii'mmm nnnooottt gggaaayyy!!!

Those richers are getting snooty. We've got to show those richers they're not welcome here!

No, but thanks for asking. 

But don't you see the price? You're selling out your own kind. Look, us gays have created a lifestyle, a, a culture that is uniquely ours. If we keep trying to make straight people into us, well, we're gonna have no identity left.

Well, that's it! All of you have detention for the rest of the week!

I don't know, Kyle. Did you ask Mr. Hat?

O-kay, so, we're just gonna stick to our normal lesson plan and start the day with history.  Now, does anyone know why Chubby Checker left the Beatles in 1972?  Yes?

God bless you, Doctor. I know you'll make me well again.

This is it: The Tree of Insight. You must go in and face what lives inside.

Dugh!  Ogh. Waaaaah! 

Stay in your seats, children. I'll be right back.

Oh, this is all just... this is a dream come true!  Thank you, Principal Victoria! I'll do a great job!

That's it! They're gonna fire me for being gay! Twenty-five million here we cooome. 

You can't know.

Oh my lord, Kyle, did you just throw doodoo at Eric?

What are you talking about?

Okay now, all you little Chewbaccas take your seats.  Children, since today is Halloween, I thought we should learn something about the great horror writer, Jackie Collins. You see, when Jackie Collins first wrote her novel- 

Cisgender. It's the politically correct name for people who aren't transgender. If you identify with the sex you were born with, then you're cis.

You... yuh, you what?

Oh, really, Kyle? What is it this time? Another prostate tumor?

Stop them! They're crab people!

Now, come on, there's gonna be over 4 million third-graders from all over the country there, and I wanna make sure South Park is the best! Okay?!  Recorders up.  And a-1 and a-2 and a-  "...of liberty." You're late!  "...my father-" What the hell was that?!  God-damnit, I don't think you children have been working on your fingering!

Hello, parents, and welcome to the 13th annual South Park Thanksgiving Pageant.

That's great music, Mr. Mackey. What is that?

Wow, we have royalty in our class. Why don't you take your seat, Damien? We're gonna finish our lesson on great singers of the Baroque era.  Now, children, Nancy Sinatra was quite a choice piece of ass...

All I can tell you, Eric, is that we were all told to stick to the story, to protect someone very important. I can't say more, I won't. But I'll... I'll tell you who has the answer.

Not, not like that?

Uuf, I feel weak. How do I look?

Nono, Kyle. These are independent films.

No, I'm asking why Eric Cartman isn't at school.

Kids, everyone together. Welcome to Pioneer Village. This is a recreation of early Colorado days. I want you all to meet Pioneer Paul. 

Ooh no, Mr. Hat. You are not dragging to another Klan meeting.

Oh, I have to admit I'm still embarrassed about getting a nose job, Tom. I didn't want people at school to know, so I told them I had herpes.

Eric, partner with Butters.

Chapter 18.
Diana had never slept with another woman before, but it was an erotic thought she often fantasized about.
Oh yeah, Mr. Hat. Hot lesbo scene comin' up!
And as Rebecca's naked body lay before her, Diana couldn't help but feel aroused.  "Go on", Rebecca said softly, "Touch me." Diana leaned down slowly and brushed Rebecca's bare stomach with her fingertips... It felt good. Like a penis. A soft, but sturdy penis that felt warn to the touch. In Rebecca's mind, she suddenly felt like she was surrounded by penises. They were all around her, flopping all around and slapping her face. It was as if she were in a redwood forest of penises.
They presented themselves tall and mighty all around her, with...
Mr. Hat, what the hell are you doing?!  Oh, Mr. Hat!

Oh, ye- yeah, yeah, me too, me too.

Where-eh, where am I?

Okay Eric, that's enough you smartass!

There's who? 

Oh, well, the woman at the front desk sent it up.

It's alright, it's just locking you in.  You can take it.  Doing great, Kathy. How's that ride?  Okay, now use your mouth to operate the turn signals, and you're off.  Great! Who else wants to give it a spin? 

Say 'hi' to Damien!  And where are you from, Damien?

Token, is there a problem? 

Oh Jesus, I'm sorry. Please.

T is for "time to leave," cashchucker!

We can save the town and be super-rich!

We've done it, Mr. Hat. Airline companies be damned. We've invented a whole new mode of transportation! Get some investors on the phone!  Well what are you waiting for?!

Other.

They did it a lot better this morning, they had more energy.

Do I look like a woman?

Besides teaching?

She informed me that some of you might be watching a, a naughty show called Terrance & Phillip.

No, Mr. Hat, I won't do it.

Well, I'm sure there's lots of naughty words. It is a romance novel.

Very good, Kyle. Now, who can tell me what famous person wrote the Declaration of Independence?  Let's see. Oh, I know. How about the new student, Timmy? 

To the planetarium.

Uh...

Oh now, what's wrong with the planetarium?

Oh.

Room service. 

Alright, children, let's just try to pretend there isn't a little boy in a huge plastic hamster ball here, and go on with our studies. Now, who can tell me when Columbus sailed the seas and discovered America?  Ehyes, Mark?

You Yankee sons of bitches!

You had me at "free blanket." 

Well, I guess we should go, Mr. Hat.

Hey, yeah. If there's no toilet seats, the government can't make toilet seat laws. 

Rats!

Hey, guys. Let's all play a game of "grab ass."

Okay, children, the lawyers for Ike's side have agreed with the lawyers on Filmore's side to hold another meeting regarding Form 22F. Do we all have that form? 

Oh, great! Flora's undecided! Well, you're just gonna have to sit there, Flora, and think about it until you come up with an answer.

Okay, Mr. Slave. Go sit until I need you. 

Yes.  Where the fuck did you hear this ridiculous load of bullshit? 

So does anybody know  any non-Santa or non-Jesus Christmas songs.  Yes, Eric?

Oh, that's not bad.

Straight? Bu-uh, Oh what... Jesus, what the hell is goin' on here?!

Wendy?

Mr. Hat!

Well, I can tell that that I am 100% not gay!

Hey everybody, it's on in thirty minutes! 

Look, there's more of them moving into our town.  You know, Oprah Winfrey is building a house up on Cannon, and some Snoop Doggy Doo Doo buildin' a gigantic place up on Main.

...Two hundred bucks.

What an inspiration.

A note from the principal? "Please excuse Timmy from all questions and all homework, as he has been diagnosed with Attention Deficit Disorder."  Oh, brother!

Gone?? 

Oh, sorry, I taped these at home, so there's more commercials. 

Well, I guess I could give them extra credit for it.

Oh well-  Hey, that's right, Mr. Slave.  The parents have to see for themselves.  The awards ceremony! Well we'll put on a show they'll never forget!

Well, he is a little ass-sucker. 

Aauugh-huh.

Butters, have you seen Mr. Hat?

Broflovski, I had your older brother Kyle in my third-grade class. He's a very smart kid. I'm sure you are, too.  Well that's bad news for everybody else, because I will be grading you all on a curve. 

HWAAAAHHH! Airline motherfuckerrrs! You pieces of shiiit! Cocksucking sons of bitch airlines! 

I don't- I don't even understand what's happening.

Is there somewhere in town where I can get a good, clear shot - uh, view - of Kathie Lee.

And never let poontang come between you and your friend.

Out on the balcony, when Reginald kissed Diana's lips, her knees went weak. Slowly, he pulled her top down, exposing her soft, unyielding breasts
Oh yeah, now this is getting good 
Just the sight of those breasts made Reginald's penis very hard.
His penis was of considerable size, and now beads of sweat slowly ran down his
penis, making it glisten like a strong swimmer fresh from out of the pool. It was a fantastic penis, that seemed as strong as a horse's leg, yet as delicate as a flower wrapped in silk. What a grand, grand penis. Diana's nipples
Uh, let's see...  Diana's nipples...  Oh, writer's block, writer's block! Hmmm. Crap! I'm stuck.  Oh well, maybe that's enough writing for today, Mr. Hat.

Well, I'd better book my ass a flight to Vegas! 

