Sorry, sorry.

And he throws it to Kyle, the little Jewish kid.

Oh, let's follow that clue! 

Right, right, uh. I gotta watch that.

Stan, what do you want to tell the world about this stunning almost victory?

Touchdown!

Okay, let's follow your raging clue.

Well, this should just about wrap it up for-  Wait a minute, what's this?

The clock runs out and the final score is Middle Park Cowboys 73, South Park Cows 6. South Park beats the spread! 

Oh no, I haven't seen an Englishman take a blow like that since Hugh Grant.

Whoever did it must have been angry with the school. Oh... Oooo... I think I'm getting a clue.

And nobody knows who's responsible?

I've still got a raging clue.

The ball is snapped. Middle Park blitzes.  Fumble, Middle Park gets the ball. they run it in for a TOUCHDOWN! The score is 7-nothing Middle Park, with 14:57 remaining in the first quarter.

And now, here to sing the touching song, Loving You is the one and only, John Stamos' brother...

Why, I haven't seen a beating like that since Rodney King.

Mine's pointing to the left.

The running back is down. I think he's...  Yes, he's been decapitated.

It's Stan, the South Park star quarterback!

I told you, we don't have a record of that. And besides, -

And these South Park Cows are being absolutely molested by Middle Park. I haven't seen so many children molested since...

Oh my! I haven't seen a Jew run like that since Poland, 1938!

Well, Mitchell. I guess you're goin'ta do what you're gonna do. Let's just try and stay friends no matter what.

That sure is a mystery.

Ooo... oh, I just started getting a clue.

Filling in for quarterback is number 12, Kyle Broflovski.

It was huuuge.

My clue is kind of pointing this way.

Yeah, this is totally giving me a clue right now.

Uhh, Stanley, you arrived very late in the game, where were you that whole time?

With just over a minute to go in the half the score is Middle Park Cowboys 52, South Park Cows 0.

Looks like the South Park Cows aren't even gonna beat the 72 point spread. Not by a long shot.

Goodbye. Oh, and Mitchell?  You've got some shit on the side of your mouth right there.

I got such a raging clue that I almost shot clue goo all over Joe.

Yeah, I'm totally getting a clue.

How terue!

Yeah? You used to be a lot of things.

And the South Park Cows are set to receive...  There's the kick. It's taken by number 23, Kenny McCormick.  He's at the 50, the 40, the 30.

Maybe you're forgetting who you're talking to!

Don't you turn your back on me, you!

Yeah. What are you, retarded? 

