Father, the children asked me about their handicapped friend. I wanna explain to them that he's fine.

Hello, His Holiness. I want to ask you about people with mental disabilities.

Father, these boys are really worried because they think they have to-

In the Book of Mark, Jesus distributed bread and said, "eat this, for it is my body."

Uugh..!  Wait a minute. That's it. 

No.

Yes, but-

I know you won't listen to me. That's why I brought somebody else. 

Yes, Eric. A lot more than you have.

You'll be getting in the Confession box with a priest and confessing all your sins, so that God can forgive you. You kids will all have to go to your first Confession this Tuesday, so I want you all to go home tonight and think long and hard about all your sins, so that you can tell the priest everything. 

Eric, do you wanna go to hell?!

Well, hopefully not. That's why you're gonna need to receive Communion.

Then stop questioning me.

Oh, hello, children.

It doesn't matter, because we are all born with Original Sin. Now, let me explain how Communion works.  The priest will give you this round cracker,  and he will say, "The Body of Christ," and then you eat it. 

Father! I need to talk to you. Father!  I have to ask you a question.

And then, you will drink a very small amount of wine, for that, is the Blood of Christ.

Look: all you have to know is that when the priest gives you the cracker, you eat it! Okay?!

Oh no.

Father-

Eric, the Lord just doesn't send everybody to hell. That wouldn't make sense. He wants people to live their lives.

Handicap. Mental handicap.

Uugh. This really isn't a question for me, it's for the priest.  I'll see if I can find him. Bye. 

Yes.

Okay, shoot.

No!

Eric, you need to stop what you're doing. You need to tell all the kids to go back to school, and back to their normal lives.

Yes. The priest here has been telling the children some pretty radical things, and I just wanted to see what the Church thinks about Jews and the mentally handicapped.

Do mentally-challenged people go to hell?

The handicapped are just people like you and me, so the same rules apply. They need to be baptized, take Communion, and confess their sins.

Alright kids, it's time to go. It's time for this to stop!

The Body of Christ! 

...The priest here said that people with mental handicaps might end up in hell. Is that true?

Nononono!

