Like you're one to talk! When's the last time you really listened to what I had to say?!

Stanley, I'm in no mood for this! Not when your Aunt Flo is in town! Oh, look, you woke your sister up.  Go to sleep, Stanley! 

What is it, Randy? Do you have any-  OH!  Randy!

We're sorry boys, but we have all decided that as of now, none of you are allowed to listen to Tween Wave music.

Well it's just a block of wood and some wheels; I don't think there's that much more you can do with it.

He's right. If we use lies and exaggerations to keep kids off drugs, then they're never gonna believe anything we tell them

What?? But don't the Native Americans know he has nowhere else to go?

You don't have to do all that now! You can do one more thing and then it's bedtime. 

Why are men so obsessed with how big their crap is?!

What should we do, Randy? I like these Romanians fine, but I hope that old woman isn't planning on staying here much longer.

Oh, Stanley, I wish we could take back all the years of abuse, but we can't.

And if anybody needs to potty, there's a potty basket right here. 

Shelly, look who's come to visit you; your little brother, Stan.

Oh, look at our boys, Sheila.  It's just like they're in college again.

Stan? Stanley? You haven't seen your little friend Butters, have you? 

Hey, dad, I need to talk to you about this party we're having.

Just stay down, Shelly. It can't come in here. 

Randy! Gerald! We, we were wrong about heaven! The Japanese just reached it with their ladder!

I'm watching one of Stanley's Chinpokomon video tapes.

Stanley I want you to understand that even though I won't let you listen to certain kinds of music, I still love you.

I just ughhhh, I can't believe that Aunt Flo is gone, that she won't be visiting me ever again.

Look at that thing! Randy, what are we gonna do? 

Would you do me a favor? Next time you want to scare the hell out of my child, just go outside and sit in the road until a truck runs you over instead? 

Can't you see what's happening?! They're just using that talk to distract you! He doesn't really have a small penis!

You think your father's gonna listen to me?! 

Mrs. McCormick, I'm going to have to ask you to leave! You've been drinking!

I've told you what I think of this music, Stanley. You have plenty of other gifts to enjoy.

It's just a little weird having people lying to our boy like this.

Here, Stanley, I made your favorite potato dish. I want you to feel better, okay.

Ooh, a tampon made from Cherokee hair—now that sounds natural.

Ooh, who wants ice cream with their cake?

You're right, Sheila. I guess the best thing we can do is just let them go until they get sick of it.

Well here, Eric, I baked you a huge box of cookies as a present.

I'm really not in the mood now anyway.

I know. I know, Randy, but trust me. You've gotta push through to the end.

I believe you, sweetheart.  Run from him, boys. Run and don't stop!

You lazy jerk! You never do anything around the house! 

Yes, because every time you watch cooking shows you stay up all night trying to copy what they made.

Sheila, I was just wondering if you might know why my son is trying to split his head open with an ice pick?

Maybe he doesn't remember. He was only 4.

Here, Stanley, You watch nice cartoons like Fat Abbot.

Well, I... think we... have to,... don't we? 

I'm just saying that your son has some problems a-

You have to understand that Kenny's body isn't up in the clouds. He was cremated.

It's gorgeous, Dad, thank you. Oh, and tomorrow's picture day at school! Stan can wear it for his photo!

Stan, what did I tell you about watching The Osbournes?

We excuse me, Sheila, but it wasn't that simple!

Well, we're supposed to have the Broflovskis and the Stotches over for dinner tonight. Maybe I'll invite Mr. Jefferson too.

I... think I'll start with the smaller white ones.

Aww, Stanley. We just heard the news that your little friend Kenny was killed by a train this morning.

Stanley, do you know why you're being grounded for ten months?

Sorry Stan, but I need to start doing things for myself! 

Randy?! I have had it! You are putting down that God damned camera!

Stanley, I thought I told you not to watch this horrible cartoon!

Is that really necessary for Stan? It's just his locker.

Oh my God, this is gonna be so embarrassing. "Hi, Chris. Hi, Linda. We were just wondering if we could get our porno back." 

We'll have to call the police and see what they want us to do. 

So, what are we going to do about our children?  Ahhh, hello-o?

Come on, Stanley. Give your sister a kiss and then we have to go.

I don't know. He took his computer somewhere to play that stupid online game.

Like I have time to go to the gym every day.

Oh my God, first you take me to Wicked and now this?

Just using the parental controls to block some channels.

"The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs"?  "It was a warm summer morning when Scrotie McBoogerballs awoke to find his"...  Ew. "He took a..."  What? Oh. OH! Oh my God! "He then grabbed his dog's"  Ehohoh, oh my God! "Walking out of his house he spotted the bloodiest pus-covered"  Nooo! Nooo!  Noho! Nooo! 

Not now, Stanley. This is Mommy and Daddy's book club night, remember?

Oh yes, the laundry machine is down in the basement and our son is home. Could you please set the table for dinner? 

How are you going to tell her that the singer she's idolized has been you?

This whole mess started because we couldn't talk to our boy ourselves.

I mean it Randy that's enough!! You don't have to videotape every single-!! 

Randy, don't you see what this is? You had dreams of being a rock star when you were younger, now you can't admit the next generation's music sounds shitty, it's called "getting older", Randy. It's okay.

Alright boys, we need to get to the bottom of this.

We talked a lot and, we know it's what's best for you kids and, I don't know...

Young man, I have had it! You have disobeyed me for the last time! 

Yes, it IS your fault, Randy, because you're a child!

Stanley, what did I say about being a smartass?!

Yes I do, if it's that stupid Tween Wave garbage!

D'uh! Aunt Flo, what are you doing up?!

Alright, tell me exactly where the line is. Er, okay, how about this? I have a friend Abbie. She had a baby boy and it farted.

He's not allowed to come out of his room, so you can talk to him through the door.

Isn't this a nice Christmas, Stanley? No commercialism and shopping, just a nice fire and family.

I just can't believe he would go without our permission!

Stanley, this isn't up for discussion. The rancher is gonna take his cows back and  you don't have a choice!  Stanley! Stanley, you open this door right now or you're gonna get it!

I am sick of you belittling my opinion, you son of a bitch! 

Well sure, Sheila. Our husbands are all so clean and neat. My Randy irons his clothes and even has pedicures.

Me too. We were lucky to get tickets.  Come on, boys! We're gonna be late. 

You wanna just sit here a little more and be frozen?

Stanley, what are you doing with those calves?

You men are all alike. First you get a cookie and then you criticize the way I dress and then it's the way I cook! I suppose next you'll be telling me that you need your space and that I'm sabotaging your creativity. Go ahead, Stanley, get your God-damned cookie! 

I don't know what to do, Sheila. It's like he's a different person. Last night I walked in on him in the bathroom. He was sitting on the toilet flambéing a pork chop.

Oh, Stan and Kyle bought a new video game together.

Uh, Stanley, take the garbage out before you go to bed.

Randy, relax. We don't ever get to party. Now come on! Loosen up! Experiment!

Well, ...congratulations, guys. Looks like you got us. Good job.

Randy, could you have a talk with Stanley?

Stanley, I think you should know that your father has moved out.

So, what Broadway show do you think is coming to Denver next?

So then, don't. You don't have to get in fights with other parents at Little League games! Just sit there and watch!

All right, will you flush the toilet now?! 

Ooo, Native Americans. Now, they know how to heal the body spiritually. 

Get the car, Randy! We're going to Nebraska!

Just because an idea is overly convoluted and complex doesn't make it cool! Going to multiple dream levels sounds like a really stupid idea!

You know, to be honest, I can't remember?

Oh, this is so nice. I really needed this.

Randy, the storeroom, we've gotta get to the storeroom! 

Randy, let me handle this. Now Stanley, I want you to explain to me why you were passing notes in school.

Yes, I see what you mean, Sheila.  That was very impressive.

Randy? Do you have something to tell me?

Randy, I can't get my e-mail to open.

No, it can't be! My son is not a filthy smoker! 

Uh, Stan,  don't you think you're upsetting your future self a little?

That's right! We're not raising our son to be an ignorant timecist.

Randy?  Randy! Randy, you need to read this!

It's crap, Randy! It's so simple and stupid that anybody could play it!

Well, the kids at school made you a card, Kyle. Look. 

Do you really think this is a good idea, Randy?

There, there, Aunt Flo. Stanley loves his goldfish. 

Not now - my son is not a thief. I'm sure this is just some kind of a misunderstanding.  Stanley, did you see-? 

Oh, Randy, I just don't know what to do anymore.

Ms. Cartman, this is a battle of wills. We need our boys to know that we're not gonna cave in, at all.

Well sure, Stan.  Wha- How did that thing get there, Randy?

Oh for crying out loud, I gave him a great party and that's all he cares about.

"Cannery Row in Monterey in California-"  "-is a poem, a stink, a grating noise..."  It's amazing how with three images  he puts you right there, and...

Oh, it's just... I was wondering if Stan's okay.

You see? He's out of control. It's nearly torn our whole family apart.

All right, we're all sufficiently scared, Gerald, but what could we do?

Go ahead and open it, Stan.  Ohoho look at that! A bolo tie! Isn't that beautiful, Stan? 

Yes! We were wrong about you. Will you please play for our Halloween party?

I don't know. You know, to me, it seems like the mayor of Beaverton should've done something about that dam years ago.

Sure. Come on in. The guys are all watching TV.

If they spent half the time learning a real instrument as they do playing that game, who knows what they could accomplish.

Stan, you should be excited. I would love to see the rainforest. Besides, your dad and I need some time alone. 

No, no, they're just little plastic controllers. You hit the colored buttons and it makes the guitar track on the game play.

No, no, little Larry is really making Shelly come out of her shell too.

Randy, I don't want our marriage to fail. I don't know how to fix what's wrong, but please, can't we just go to bed and start fresh in the morning?

Our son loves this show, Randy, so I think it's important that we watch it to see if it's teaching him good moral values. 

Yeah, he must be.  It's like, I just feel he's our son, you know?

Stan, you came back. Does that mean... you learned the importance of voting?

No, you'r right, Randy. Without any sex we just seem to get madder and madder at each other.

It's... not because I'm older. I'm telling you, our music is better.

Get off the Internet, Stanley, it's time for bed.

You haven't heard it? It's terrible! It's hardly even music; it just sounds like crap!

There, you did it again!  He interrupted me again.

Don't you worry, Stanley, you're going to be okay.

I don't care how long I've had it, I want my money back!

No, Stanley, it's Monday morning. You have to go to school.

I know that's why you got kicked out of college.

This doesn't make sense. Are those stupid things supposed to be animals or robots or what?

Now, Stanley. The Internet will be waiting for you in the morning. Off!

Yeah, and then we're going to the movies.

Are you guys still playing that video game?

I've got a surprise for you too, Randy.

...Oh my God. Our son is with those people.

That's right. Anything we like is instantly not cool.  We know how to take them out, Mr. Garrison. Spread the word! Get on the wire to every parent around the country and tell them how to bring those sons of bitches down! 

You want me to bring you some McDonald's?

Yeah, it looks like Western medicine really did the trick.

STANLEY, YOU GO TO YOUR ROOM RIGHT NOW!

And then the gas from the baby's fart traveled down and shot out her vagina, haHA. 

Randy, Randy, calm down. I can't understand what you're saying.

Well, nice going, Randy! Really great advice you gave our son here!

Looks like you'd better really watch out for marijuana, huh Stan?

I've heard about other towns bringing in counselors that know how to find things out from kids without really telling them what's going on.

Oh, I'm not hot-tubbing. I have nothing to wear.

I want to enjoy it too, but... I can't fake it anymore. You just seem kind of shitty to me.

But I would like you to meet your new stepfather, Roy.

You're doing this to try and get to the front of the line on Black Friday, aren't you?

Oh, yes. I was interested in the Shake Weights?

No, I'm telling you you don't have to get thrown out of games and make an ass of yourself.

Those kids showed up to serve Stan again and he danced back!

Every senior in town will be driving home...

Well, I say we go find them and kick their devil-worshiping butts out of town!

You'll have to come out sooner or later, boys. The longer you wait, the more trouble you'll be in. 

I was really happy with this month's book. I agree with what Bob and Linda said-

Well, it is kind of a special night. I guess I could... experiment. 

Oh, he's over at Eric's house practicing for his boy band.

Well, of course you can. Come in out of the snow. 

And keep it short. He's in real trouble. He defecated in a nice old man's garden.

Yes. Wall-Mart is the leading employer of seniors. And they also employ the handicapped.

Soon you'll be old enough to make your own choices, but for now, I just don't want you listening to that stuff.

Oh, right, uh. Good bye, Stan. I-I love you. 

Well, Linda Stotch is a real gossiper and Tammy Bretts at work is just a know-it-all.

You don't think you can?! This is the biggest game of your son's life! Wny wouldn't you go and support him? What-? 

Did you have fun at Eric's house today, Stanley?

Do you really think we did the right thing, Randy? Sending all the young kids in town to live on their own?

He's not here, hon. He's having a meeting with all the seniors in town at the community center.

I don't know how to tell. You tell them. 

I just wish you'd have talked to me before spending all our money.

No, we are flushing the toilet right now-

Oh my God! I didn't know this was going to become such a big deal.

Boys, I do not want you going over to Mr. Jefferson's anymore. Do you understand?

Randy, can we just take our son home now?

WHAT does our son turning 10 have to do with you making the same mistakes again and again?!

You were stimulating the dog, Stanley! What came out of him was his... r-Randy?!

Stanley, it's almost eight o'clock. Where have you been?

And so that's the situation. Our boys have locked themselves in Stan's room until we can promosie them the calves will live free, in writing.

Oh, excuse me, I...  I, I had a little air trapped. 

Oh yes. Our little Stanley is starting to become a man. 

Randy, please. When you get back, do you think maybe we could make love again? 

S-stanley you don't need to do that. He-he is your future self.

Yes, well, eh you see, son, the time matrix pulled in more people from the future.

Oh I know! He tried out all his recipes here and left me with the mess!

What do ya mean?! How often does an entire third-grade class go missing?!

It's just that, well, he's been acting a little different lately. 

Oh I know, and if you ask me, they should've built a roof with enough support to land a helicopter.

That does it! I can't take it anymore!

And how about our boys, huh? Ever since gay culture became cool, our boys bathe every night and brush their teeth three times a day. This is the greatest thing ever.

Here we go, everyone. I got three nice steaks from South Park Grocery. We'll have to share them.

But she was actually still pregnant with the baby boy and it farted inside her.

It just makes me feel unwanted, you know? I mean, am I not attractive anymore? I mean I don't exercise anymore at all.

Admit it, Randy! You think it sounds like crap too!

You said we had to be very careful with our money. I've got nothing for our food budget.

Go, Stanley!  Ahaha, ahem. Heheh, he, he gets very good grades.

Well, it looks like our little Stanley has built himself quite a clubhouse here.

Stanley, don't you understand what you are doing??

It's okay. We trust that you know what you're doing. 

That's what we're doing, putting our faith in Randy's new musical.

Don't you need to be getting to work, Rand?

To be honest, Mrs. Tucker, we think Craig is bad influence on our boys.

Will they be able to wake Mackey up?

Randy, we have plenty of video of us eating dinner.

Nuh-nn No, this is crazy! Musical theater people are respected. Refined. Cultured.

Oh. Look, well, you see, Stanley,... Well, your school should be teaching this stuff!

Later, sweetie.  Anyway, I found myself enticed by Steinbeck's imagery.

Stanley, just get your things and come on. We're going home!

Well, for the time being I, I mean, of course they can stay.

I mean it's disgusting.  It's, it's the most disgusting thing I've ever read, but, the plot is amazing. And the characters are so... vivid!

Kids, Daddy and I are gonna be right back, okay?

I can't lie to my son, okay? If I betrayed him like that, I'd pay for it the rest of my life.

So it's not such a crazy idea after all?

All right, Stanley. I have had enough o-  Oh, Stanley, what have you done, baby? What have you done?? 

Stan, sweetie, we're gonna go to the mall. Do you wanna come?

Oh my God! You mean, I just slept with a hologram?

All right.  Do you know why young people like Lorde so much.  It's because she's something different. Kids have had pop music artists flash tits and crotch in their face, and most kids are actually smart enough to be sick of it. Lorde represents something in all of us, the truth that wants to be heard. If I could talk to Lorde right now, you know what I'd tell her? I'd tell her not to let people change who she is. I'd tell her that if people are making fun of her, it's probably because they lost touch with being human. I'd tell her to keep on doing what she does, because when someone's not allowed to express who they are inside, then we all lose. That's... what I would say to Lorde. 

All right, it's off to bed with you, young man.

Well, I hope for his sake you're right. 

You know, a racist, but against people from the-

Please, Mr. and Mrs. Tucker, our boys were last seen hanging out with your son Craig. Do you have any idea where they could've gone?

Yes, hon. I had to restrain him so he wouldn't find the bodies in the back yard and take our baby away. 

Uh, hold it. Is that a Tween Wave band?

Oh my gosh, that's so cute. And so what is little Monica wearing? Oho, I bet she's adorable.  No, we've just sort of been here for the most part. Yeah, are you guys staying in?  You're watching The Thing? Oh that's fun. On Netflix or Hulu? On your Xbox, uh huh. Yeah, no, at some point I'm hoping we can just call it a night and go home.  No, you don't need to send help. Thanks, though. Are you guys getting a lot of trick-or-treaters? Yeah? Oh really?  Oh, Barbara and Michael? Oh yeah. Uh huh. Ha-hang on a second Karen.  Can I help you with something?

Oh. Well, anyway, here's a pencil and some paper.

I'm unhappy too. We both are, obviously. How much longer can we keep doing this? It's like, the same shit just happens over and over and, then in a week it just all resets until- it happens again. Every week it's kind of the same story in a different way but it, it just keeps getting more and more ridiculous.

Now, Randy, calm down. It's just a silly little dream. They're not gonna actually make it.

What do you have to say for yourself, Stanley?!

Oh I didn't realize there were different models.

You must be exhausted. Why don't you get some sleep?

Please, I don't know where else to turn. The police haven't been any help, ugheh, I think our boys might really be in trouble this time. Yes. Yes. Please, check and call me right back. Thank you.  Randy I swear to God if you don't put that thing away...!

Stanley, do you know how many people died so you could have the right to vote?!

Stanley, where have you been?! It's almost bedtime!

Boys, that a... feminine thing. Alright, it's a personal, woman thing.  I tell you what: If you'll just drop the whole thing right now, I'll buy you that new video game console you've been wanting.

We have to see what the news is saying. 

Don't you see what this sport has done to your father? Do you want to end up like him?

Huh?  Oh. Yeah, it is.  What are they doing here? They can afford to shop at Cherry Creek. 

He's been ignoring his homework, and, all of his friends. I can't figure out why.

I know, but, I'm afraid it's too late for them, sweetie. We have to try and save ourselves now.

That's right, everyone just dig in.  So, kids,anything happen with your whole Sunday off?

Yeah, her and little Larry Feegan. They're going to see "Wicked" together. It's Shelly's first Broadway musical.

You watch your mouth, Stanley! The Native Americans were raped of their land and resources by white people like us!

Randy! Randy, will you look at yourself? Your balls are getting bigger.

Yeah, I don't care, I just wanna find out how to return my Shake Weight!

He's upstairs videotaping your grandfather in the bathtub.

Don't interrupt me! You always interrupt me when I talk! Can't you see that I--?

It's all taken care of, Stanley- G'oh!  I've got such a good boy, such a handsome boy! 

Well, I guess it serves us right.  Kids, we should have honest about wanting you to get chickenpox.

Yes. I should have known. It all makes sense now. I could never get Stanley to pay attention when his grandfather told him stories about the '30s.

There's a brand-new shop in town that sells holistic medicines and all-natural foods. It's run by this fascinating woman named "Miss Information."

Oh, hello, Ms. Cartman. It's Sharon, Stan's mother.

...and then the doctor said that it's much worse as you get older. My daughter is in pretty bad shape now, but if she were in her twenties, she could die.

Nobody's going to take my baby away from me! Nobody!

People get older, Stanley. And as you get older you realize... the best thing to do is just... stick with what you know.

Randy, you've been watching that channel, haven't you?!

Let's get started right away! They could be halfway to L. A. by now.

Of course not.  Anything to keep you away from cock magic.

Let's not make a big deal out of it.

Now Stanley, you have to understand how divorce works. When I say, "you're the most important thing to me," what I mean is, you're the most important thing after me and my happiness and my new romances.

Oh. Uh-Officer Barbrady, Woowhat what a surprise. Wwhat can I do for you?

You really think women cared that much about queefing? Is that really what you think this has all been about? This has been about women having a little bit of fun for once at your expense. For just this one time we could be the immature ones to make you feel uncomfortable. But no, you just couldn't let us have that one little thing, could you? Because even though things are getting better for women, you still think of us as lesser people sometimes, and we always have to prove ourselves twice as hard. Congratulations, guys.  For getting your way... again. 

Randy please! You've got to listen to me!

What ever?! In fifteen years you've never said, "whatever," to me!

Oho that was so much fun! All the costumes and the sets were amazing! I really love the songs. That Stephen Schwartz is a genius! I've got them all stuck in my head.  Hey, that was such a treat. How would you like a little treat? 

Then how do you know I blocked them?

You do this all the time! First you're obsessed with baseball fights! Then you need to play Warcraft! Then you gotta be a celebrity chef! 

"Your room is being serviced"? Ugh, oh well.  Uhh, excuse me?

Well, I don't know what got into you kids. You should be ashamed of yourselves. 

Well I'm sure Stan wouldn't mind his room, would you, Stan?

Randy, Randy, you'd better have look at this. 

I'm telling you, Randy, I think this sport is doing something to your brain.

Alright, Stanley, this has gone on long enough! Your little game is over!

Ohhh yeahyeahyeah, these are the paring knives I ordered. Sorry, I think I was a little tipsy.  oh, and this is the book Stan's been wanting; can you take it up to him?

Stanley.  Wake up, honey. It's time to leave for Las Vegas. 

None of the other kids have seen them since a-  Randy, will you put that thing down?! What is wrong with you?! Our son is missing!

Ladies, get your things! I know what we have to do! 

I can't believe you said the N-word on national television.

Well, Stan, God and Jesus don't actually speak to people.

No, Stanley. Cirque du Cheville is French-Canadian. They get acrobats and singers from all over the world and then do very artistic things..

Sorry, it's just ...it's kind of funny how much it bothers you.

Oh, now, what's spooky about a cute, little goldfish? Go put him in your room.

Oh, Stanley. Let's just forget the whole thing and have a nice holiday back home.

Ruhur-Randy, it's fine. You do plenty with me. Did you have a good time?

Oh, dear. It really was Stan's fish that killed those people!

I'll leave you two alone to get acquainted. 

Maybe. I guess it's my turn. Truth or Dare?

Isn't Black Friday supposed to be about buying things for other people?

I don't know what the hell they're talking about.

Why don't we at least take Kyle down there and see what she has to say.

We just thought we'd bring it to everyone's attention because, honestly, we don't know how to feel.

Why? Because there's fishnet stockings inside your jeans?

Honestly, I don't see what they find so amusing about those things.

Well, hold on, Randy, I think a turd sandwich is a little better than them having a giant douche on their uniforms.

What do we do, Randy? We can't support our son talking like this, but I, I mean.

That's very mature of you, Stanley. Goodnight, sweetie. 

All right, each of you take a ticket. When they call your name you can use the Internet.

Sshhh. It's okay, honey. It's okay. I've got such a good boy, Mommy's little angel.  Now, don't worry, Stanley. Mommy's going to hide the body.  Nobody's going to take my baby away. I've got such a handsome boy, such a good boy. 

It's a long story, Shelly. Let's just say your father... has a lot up his ass right now.

Oh! Oh, so when does that stop being funny?!

Boys! You were supposed to come out here and tell everyone about the Founding Fathers!

What the hell do you think you're doing keeping that thing in our house?!

Look, our kids are learning sexual things on the street and on television. There's no way we can stop it. The schools have to teach them sexual education at a younger age.

Randy, my wedding ring! I lost it down the garbage disposal!

Oh hi, Stanley. Look, I'm buying you some more all-natural toothpaste.

Your bastard father has visitation rights, and this is his time with you.

I don't know if I can really be that mad at you for doing something every guy in America does.

The doctor says that maybe you can go home tomorrow.

Oh my gosh, yes! They said like 14 people died.

Oh, Randy, I do love you, but- now I'm so confused-uh. I'm living with Roy and-, I don't know how to break it off with him.

Did you know that your son is supposed to be grounded and he snuck out to go to Red Robin?!

But why are you back in this time with us, son?

Ooo, these are the contorting quintuplets from Romania. 

That's right. We're a family no matter what time shift.

It's a little electrical device that can tell us where you are anywhere on Earth.

Yeah, our son has always been fairly clean.

Oh! Oh please, Randy! How many times have you farted in bed and held my head under the covers?!

Stanley, can I get you anything else?  Stanley? Oh my God! Randy?! Randy, hurry, he's burning up!

A stranger was caught trying to abduct the Tweak boy.

You know, I'm starting to think this whole metrosexual thing isn't so great.

My son hasn't made any sense in days.

Wait a minute... Wait a minute, I think I know the answer! I know how to get our kids to stop liking Chinpokomon! 

You were told to walk out in front of a hundred thousand people including little girls who look up to you, and start rubbing your clit.

Yyup, it looks like you've got chickenpox alright.

It can't be! I've loved Broadway musicals ever since I saw "Grease" with Jacob Harrison and his brother Kip and we-  Oh my God!

Officer Barbrady. What can I do for you?

Now, Randy, we were the same way once, too. Don't forget that we were both considered hippies back in the '60s.

You're supposed to be keeping watch on the neighborhood.

Go?? The meteor shower hasn't even started yet.

Well how long have you been feeling this way?

Okay.  Oh my God, you put that sword right through my face!

Thanks for having us all over for dinner, Chris and Linda.

Like I'm a ghost. Like he sees right through me.

Are you all saying that you can go into a dream and take people in that dream into their own dream?

That's ridiculous! Musicals don't make me wanna give blowjobs!

I'm sorry, Stanley, I can't let you go all the way to Nebraska by yourself. It's the holidays.

Stan's about to go out with his friends.

Oho Randy, that's great! I'm really proud of you.

Because ever since your father got that stupid video camera he thinks he has to film everything the family does.

My son has become a Mongolian? No! Noooo!! 

Shake Weight, you aren't really workout equipment at all, are you?

Look! There's one of the boys now!  Jimmy!

Yeah. Come on, Sheila, let's go to the nickel slots.

This book! Our son and his friends wrote it!

...They are fun.  Boys, you okay out there?

Sorry, Karen, you were saying? No, it wasn't a customer. No, it's just Randy.  Yes, a customer would have been nice, I know.

I'd never seen any of those men, Officer Barbrady.

Right! I spend all my trying to take care of everybody else!

He went with his friends to that music festival.

What are we gonna do, baby? What are we gonna do??  I've got such a handsome boy, such a good boy. 

Sheila, have you tried holistic natural medicines? They work wonders. I read all about in People.

Awgh, I guess we have to go talk to 'em now.

The answer is no, Stanley! Now go wash up for supper!

No that... that came from me; just put it away.

Oh come on! That music sounds like shit!

Okay. Wait, no. Why do we need a football player?

So tell me if I'm crazy, but I started thinking that we should intentionally have our boys play with a child who has the chickenpox. Let them get it now, while they're young.

Boys, you're going to sleep over at Kenny's, and that's final.

Yeah. Stan just got a new goldfish and he wanted to show it to Kenny but, Kenny never came over.

I made some quesadillas, if anybody wants some.

We are not trying to persecute you kids, but you're supposed to be in school.

What is it, honey?  My baby's killed again!

I spoke with the insurance company.  They said we can get some of our money back. Not all of it, but some. You wanna go home? Get changed? Take a shower?

Oh, alright, but take your grampy with you.

Randy, will you please come get my wedding ring out of the sink?

Now, Stanley, I know at your age teachers can seem cold and heartless, but later, you'll understand that he did this for your own good.

Well then you certainly have some of those problems too with drinking.

Randy, it's getting late. Let's just go to sleep.

Stop pretending to like the kids' music, Randy! It's pathetic! You know damn well it sounds like crap to you too!

Because I want to return it now! I need to know the address of your company.

All right Randy, where are the car keys?!  Randy, where are the keys to the car?!  God damn it! 

Randy, something's happened. Are you un-able to stop being sarcastic?

Oh, what a good baby. What a good son I have. 

Right, just like your eyes are kind of far apart. 

Stanley, we have some bad news. The courts have decided the girls must go back to Romania.

Just go put it back in the trashcan!

The nineteen year old pop star. It's true, that's him.

Uuh uh uh, not so fast. You boys can help bring in the other groceries in the car, then have your chicken.

See boys, a woman is sensitive in her vagina and it... feels good to have a man's penis inside of it.

I've always thought about murdering you in your sleep. Can you go to the cabin and get in bed?

Well that's fine! You boys can just stay in there and starve to death. Us parents are going to go to Pizza Shack and have pepperoni pizza and ice cream.

I gave her those tickets to "Wicked."  She's seeing it with her little boyfriend.

Wow, the production values are really good in this porno. 

All right, it's late. I'm gonna call it a night.  You coming?

Randy, will you put down that camera? We need to figure out what to do.

Hello, Ms. Cartman. It's Sharon, Stan's mother. Did Stanley go up there to Nebraska with you?

Oh, he's in the back. He set up a video camera so he can tape the performance.

We're sorry, Stanley, we don't want you playing this sport anymore.

Randy, we can't allow our son to watch this stuff!

Now get some sleep, baby. Mommy's taken care of everything.

But the Bubble Gum Prince wasn't afraid. He knew that the Land of Chocolate was safe forever and ever.  Goodnight my little angel. 

Oh, I'll pass. I don't drink hard alcohol.

