Do you think this behavior is fair to your teacher and classmates?!
I don't think Daddy's shopping. I think Daddy's going out wrestling again.  Paaiint.  Paaiint.  Must be made clean. New.
Butters, if anything happens to Mommy, I, I want you to be a good boy.
It's useless. The main power line has been shut down.
Oh, hi sweetie. Did you get to follow your dad around?
Oh yes. Stephen and I got that last month. It's from Germany, I believe.  I just love the cute little canarian on the dial. And, every hour it chimes. 
Well,  you don't have to worry about your family being in your way anymore! 
Yes, and I really saw the entire book thematically as a take on corporate America.
We have no idea what you're talking about, Butters, but we're glad you're home.
To be honest, we're just a little surprised your son begged you to stay with us. We never knew your son and our son were so close.
Butters, what have you done to your hair? 
Oh. I don't know, Stephen, I let you handle all the groundings.
"Dear bastard husband," No.  "Dear lying sonofabitch," No.  "Dear assface," Yeah, that's it. "I will no longer-"
Wait a minute. What was the movie called?
Butters, where did Daddy go after the movie?
We've learned that deception is wrong and that the only thing to ever make it right again is to come clean.
Well, the reason I'm calling is that Butters is supposed to go see his Aunt Nellie in Los Angeles this weekend. The boys are getting along so well, that we were thinking of inviting Eric to go along.
I should have never wished for a cleaner, neater husband.
Our darling Butters never came home last night.
Butters, we just got a call from Mrs. Cartman. Butters?  Unbelievable! He's locked the door. 
I don't care. It's probably got all kinds of diseases. 
Oh, wonderful! The boys will be so excited.
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW THE TROUBLE YOU'RE IN MISTER! "(Punch)"
Oh God, God, please just let us out of this place. 
You turned our husbands into whiny little wusses!!
He was... average Puerto Rican height. Please, just bring our baby back to me.
We're sorry we lied to you all. It won't happen again.
Hey, I think you'd make a great father.
It's very importance, Butters. He's missing. You haven't seen or heard from him?
Must clean Butters.  Clean. Never be clean. Must...  kill? The only way? Must kill Butters.  Paaiint.
I just can't stand to hear him scream like that. I'm gonna go upstairs. 
What is that? WAAH What do you want from us??
NOOOO! NOOOO! BUTTERS!  Don't put him down there! Don't put him down there!
...Butters? Are you sure about this? You have to be absolutely sure!
I know what you mean. All my husband ever does now is look at himself in the mirror. He cares more about how he looks than how I look.
What fibs have you been telling this policeman, Butters?! You know damn well you didn't toilet-paper that house!
I don't want him to go, Stephen, he's too young!
And they like to talk about their feeling now and drink wine and decorate the house.
Mark? Mark, look.  Well, hello. What's your name?  What- what do you want?
Butters, a note for you was left on the front door.
Oh, is your little robot friend staying the night?
I killed him.  I was going to end it all, and everything spun out of control for me. I drowned Butters in the car, Chris!
I'm a murderer, Chris! I don't have a life now! 
And sometimes mommies do things that seem hurtful to their babies, but it's really for the best.
We just so desperately wanted you to never try drugs that we used a big scare tactic instead of ...telling you the truth.
And when I found out I went crazy, I went crazy and I drove my son into the lake to kill 'im.
Fine Butters! If you don't wanna stop making that stupid face at me, you can just stay in your room for another week! 
No, sweetie, Daddy needs to sit and think.
Just what did you think you were doing, Butters? Not only did you lie to us and say you were on a camping trip with Kyle's family, you made a fool of yourself AND us on national television!
Thanks so much for coming to visit Butters in the hospital, boys. It means a lot to him. 
I just don't know if you're dealing with these kids the right way.
Ohhh, who's gonna believe he just dropped him off?!
Why couldn't we help him? Why is our little boy dead? 
Butters! Don't forget: dinner is in two hours!
Excuse me, where can where would we find young men's fashion apparel? 
Why, I think Inspector Butters could find out what Daddy'd getting Mommy without him ever knowing.  What do you say?
You dug up our son's body? Performed some kind of pagan ritual?
How would the bras and tinfoil hats make it safer?
I WASN'T THINKING!  I couldn't think! You destroyed my life, you!  Oh, God, what have I done?! Oh, Butter-her-hers-ss-ss- 
Not now, Butters. Your father wants to have a talk with you in the kitchen. He is not happy.
Butters, your father called and said you made him very upset!
Uh, Paris, would you like to have some cocoa with us? 
And what are you gonna do, huh? Just blow his head off?
Wait a minute. Chris, don't you see? This might be our fault.
Ah, Butters, it's getting late. You should be getting ready for bed soon.
Oh. Oh dear. I'm sorry kids, it's just that... Butters hasn't danced since the tragedy.
Oh, I wonder what he's gonna get me this year?
Butters, Mommy wants to take you for a little drive now.
No, no wait, there's still a box over here.
Butters, maybe you could secretly follow your dad and see what he's getting me.
Oh, we're just really happy that your boys have become such good friends with our little Butters!
I can't keep it straight when you keep inventing new parts to the story!
Butters, where did you get that kind of smart mouth?!
Ooo, Butters, are you going out to play again?
Uh, how did this all happen? Why do you children live in this town alone?
If a mommy has to end her life, she can't let her baby alone in the world to be raised by a sick pervert.
Butters? You're dating Paris Hilton?  You are grounded, mister!
Well it's true. I mean, what do a bunch of stories about people in robes slaughtering goats have to do with today's world?
Was it me, or did you all think that Nancy Drew solved the riddle of Elephant Mountain a little too easily? 
No, it's a little different. You remember when the nice policeman gave you a badge and made you an honorary inspector? 
You're the one that made up the stuff about the Puerto Rican, IDIOT!
No, no, not yet. But if you're out there, we beg you: we just want our baby returned safely back to us.
What on earth is the matter with him?
Every year it's the same. Your father gets me some great gift and my gift to him falls short.  I've just got to outdo him this year, I've just got to.
Oohhh, that's so cute. Did you see Butters and his friend Eric playing Robot.
Your father and I have to leave now to visit Grandma in the hospital, but you can just take those balls off your chin and march right up to your room!
The bastards. Oh, Mark, let's get out of here.
That's right. Event though my Steven sickens me out sometimes, it's his rugged manly grossness that I'm attracted to.
Hey guys, great news! It's been arranged: you two are both going to Los Angeles to visit Butters' Aunt Nellie!
No, I mean you shouldn't work somewhere where you're paid for how you look. You should be learning a skill so you can grow up to be a businesswoman or even a doctor. Who knows? You could cure cancer.
Here you go.  And wash your hands after you touch those hamster - you'll get AIDS 
Oh, for the love of Pete! What is wrong with that boy?
The rest of the f- you do mean us?
Be careful, Mark. They'll make you disappear with the M word.
Haven't you seen Queer Eye For the Straight Guy, Sheila? These five gay men go around and show straight men how to better themselves. It's the best.
Not like this!  Not like this. He wouldn't be our son, Stephen. He would be a walking abomination. An unholy demon spawn! 
I'm going to get out of the car now, Butters.  I want you to stay put with your seat belt fastened.
Butters, you know that Mommy loves you an awful lot, don't you?
No, Butters. You're the best son in the whole world.  And I am so happy you're alive.
Butters can't come out and play, boys. He thinks it's funny to look like a jackass in his school pictures that I have to pay for!
We have to have a more solid plan. Something we can use against them permanently.
Look, just point us to a phone, kid, alright?
You're the mayor? What the hell is gong on here?! Where are your parents?!
Butters, what have we told you about confessing to crimes you didn't commit?! We have had it, mister!
Butters, these girls pretend to be interested in you because they know you'll give them tips.
Well, did you see what he got me for our anniversary?
Yes, it has just been a delight having your son over, Mrs. Cartman. He and Butters are really getting along great.
The Persians have sent somebody to talk to us.
What are you spending all that money on, Butters?
Oh, that is so cute. When do we get to meet her?
Butters? Butters? Come on, sweetie, it's gonna be okay.  Come on, Butters. You went through a lot of therapy for this. That was almost two years ago, sweetie.
A movie? Hmmm. I wonder why he'd wanna see a movie by himself.
I'd like to say on behalf of the departed, that it isn't a woman's responsibility to see that the seat is down. It's a man's responsibility to put it down. It's not that hard. 
You've been shut up in your room for days, Butters. You need to go outside, go play.
Oh. Eh yes. Uh darling, you're going to have to say you don't know how you got home.
Calm down there, cowboy. You've still got four days.
If only we had let him in!  Why didn't we let him inside the house when he was screaming for help?? 
Well, could you be a sweetie and take that pie over there to the Thomsons. I made it to thank them for babysitting you last week.
... Oh. Never mind, I think Raisins might be the perfect place for you.
Shhh. Shhh. It's okay, baby. Mommy will be with you very soon.
Now Daddy and I have to do our taxes, so you can watch this by yourself and not get scared?
Oh, Stephen, I don't know if we should ground him or call a doctor.
Hey. Looks like you're not so bad with kids after all.
