What if I promise not to be gay anymore?  Pinky swear.

You can do it, boys! We believe in you!

Oh Stan?  When you get back to town,  tell them about us, will you? Tell them there are gay animals here who need homes, desperately.

Ooh, my carrot cake! 

I'm super, thanks for asking. The troops are off having bake sales, and I'm pleased to report that we have already raised over $600 for the event. Yippie!

Why not?

Isn't this precious?

Right. Move on. 

Say, honey, is that the pizza? 

And so I said to the guy, "you really think I'm paying that much?"

Slave, should I leave you two alone?

Fellow homosexuals, I believe we have an opportunity here to take a big step forward for our kind. We must acknowledge that the words "fag" and "faggot" are never going to disappear. They're simply too much fun for everyone to say. But we must realize that we are no longer the most hated people on the planet, and help the children change the meaning of the word to describe those annoying loud faggot Harley riders!

Hello, Stanley. I was happy to see you and your little friends' names on the list!

I want to thank you so much for bringing everybody here.

Really? wull-why?

We have all sorts of gay animals here at Big Gay Al's. Over here we have a gay lion. 

Okay Stan, I think you should get in line for my Big Gay Boat Ride.  Step aboard, Stanley.  Hello everyone, and welcome aboard the Big Gay Boat Ride. On this adventure we'll be seeing the world of gayness throughout time.

So let's all give a big round of applause to little... Jimmy! 

I see...

Young man, it appears you still don't understand.

Well, let's see. Come on in. Hmm. 

I'm sorry. Sorry. But now I've packed everything away, so just... well, play something uplifting, like... "I'm gonna put all this behind me and make it okay" music.

I just got transferred in.  I think everyone's here now, so we can get started.  Come on, Scouts. We've got work to do! 

Well, stop the presses. Did you figure that out all by yourselves, silly buns?

A new study?

Of course they are, silly buns. It's the one place where gay animals can really be themselves. Would you like to dance? 

Oops, guess we're out of time, kids. Now remember, tomorrow you all have bake sales in your respective neighborhoods to raise money. We'll meet back here next Tuesday, and see who raised the most. Good luck.

Come on kids, let's go get some ice cream! 

Hi ya fellas! 

Thank you all very much. But I don't want this. 

No one is killing anyone!  We've had enough! You faggots get the hell out of our town!

Hello scouts!

Ah, bye, Scouts.  Okay, okay, Marc, stop playing now.

Sooo, what do you think Stan? 

Go away! I'm dead! 

Hey, are you parents gonna stand there all night? This meeting is for scouts only, you silly gooses.  Now, before we get started, scouts, I want to introduce you to someone very special here tonight. He's a brave little boy with disabilities who proves just by being here that Scouts are for everyone!

I can't, kids. I've been... kicked out of Scouts.

We should all be tolerant, but not with these fucking people! They really are faggots!

Hi little fella, how are you doing today?

And we have gay water buffalo, gay hummingbirds, here's a gaggle of gay gooses. Hi fellas, it's so super to see you!

You see, gayness has existed since the beginning of time. From the Egyptian pharaohs, to the shoguns of Japan.  Uh oh, look out, it's the oppressors. Christians and Republicans and Nazis, oh my!  Ohhh! Oh God, that was close. Okay, let's steer our Big Gay Boat out of here and into a place where gays are allowed to live freely. 

I'm super, thanks for asking.

Yes.

And so that's how to make banana-nut muffins. And now, as a very special treat, our very special friend Jimmy is going to do what he loves most: Motivational standup comedy.  Let's give him a big hand. 

No problem kids. Are you sure you don't wanna stay for some toasted cheese sandwiches?

Look, I appreciate what you kids did; I really do. But this isn't what I wanted. I'm proud to be gay. And I'm proud to be in a country where I'm free to express myself. But freedom is a two-way street. If I'm free to express myself, then the Scouts have to be free to express themselves, too. I know these men. They are good men. They are kind men. They do what they think is best for kids. No matter how wrong we think they might be, it isn't right for us to force them to think our way. It's up to us to persuade, and help them see the light, not extort them to. Please, don't cut the Scouts' funding. The Scouts help and have always helped a lot of kids. That's why I love them. I will continue to persuade them to change their mind, but this is the wrong way to do it. So, I am hereby dropping my case, and allowing the Scouts their right to not allow gays into their private club.

But I've been in Scouts since I was nine - it's a... huge part of my life.

Come this way, I have to show you something.

Come on boys, you can do it! 

Oh!  Jesus, Marc.

Oh that's not true! Colorado is about to pass a bill which allows same-sex marriage.

