Well, we owe everything to this friendly, yet misunderstood creature. Thank you Scuzzlebutt.

Children, as you all know, Kathie Lee Gifford will be in South Park to present the award to some kid for an essay.

And, that would be good? Alright?

What?

Sure sure sure, be my guest, knock your socks off.

You are fired, buddy!

My geologist? Now? Tell him the infection is fine and I don't need another check-up.

What?

All those opposed, say "nay."

People, please! We can only speak one at a time. Now, Mr. Garrison, you were saying...

Weelll, in that case, I guess it's okay! 

Oh, Jesus Christ, not this again!

Here she comes! 

You're telling me that students from Mr. Garrison's class actually did something that had some kind of relevance to the world?

Closely attentive to details. Careful.

Well, you just can't let him die.

Mr. Garrison, I am dismissing you from directing our play. 

What's two plus two, Jakov?

Oh, screw it. Jakov wins! 

Oh brother, what now?!

All right, everyone. Welcome to the 15th Annual South Park Spelling Bee Finals!  This should be very interesting. We have with us twelve of the brightest spellers from South Park Elementary.

Okay. Let's quiet down, people and jakovasaurs!  Now, as you know, the winner of this little game will get an all-expense paid trip for himself and fifty of his closest relatives to lovely France!  And, all one of you lucky constetants has to do is answer only one of these questions! Are you ready, players?

Eric, your word is "chair."

Where the hell is our firework? We only have 24 hours!

Uh, Thank you Chef, for that heartwarming song.

Meugh. Send them in.

Oh.  Oh, I think he's tryin' to tell us that he wants to relocate all his species here to Australia.

Garrison, you remember what happened to the wounded pigeon you were supposed to take care of?!

Ohh, that was wonderful, Chef. Good show.

You can edit this right? Ready, 3,2,1  All we know right now is that some of our children are up camping on that mountain. We can't do anything until we get them. Okay people, let's go get those kids.

Listen, buddy! Either you learn to read quick, or else I'm gonna find a law officer to replace you forever! 

Mr. Garrison, this is not appropriate. Do you actually think Kathie Lee Gifford would enjoy this?!?

Muhammad, would that be OK?

Shh.

Is, is it on? Okay. Okay people, form groups and search the mountain. Report back here every hour! You got that?!

Oh my God!

We've got 'em! All right. The boys here will keep little Eric Cartman distracted. Meanwhile, we get rid of the jakovasaurs and bring some normalcy back to this town! Ready?

Well, you certainly are all welcome 'ere, alien. In fact, there's a mission right over there that will take all your people in. 

Officer Barbrady, what are you doing?! 

Having to do with a lake or ocean.

Yes! And we can even have the children of South Park put on a little play. Kathie Lee loves children.

Who cares? Now kids, what's say we give it our South Park best.  And who's our little prize winner again?

Congratulations, Mark and Rebecca.  You are truly South Park's finest. 

Well, there's no going back now.  We're cannibals.  God save us.

Oh, hell. Light the snake! 

It's alright, we've got a clean-up crew coming.

Yes, you know, expire, end.  Hello? I'm asking you when it stops?

All right, we're down to just three finalists. First up is Rebecca Cotswolds from home school.  Alright, Rebecca. Here's your word: littoral.

Guess the little pecker doesn't like missionaries.

Here she comes. 

God, please deliver those darling kids from... Wait, wait wait wait. 3,2, and 1. God, please deliv-

Hmmm. 

What?

You mean, Tina Yothers? 

I noticed! Call the National Guard!  Ohohohoh, we'll get you, you bitch.  And to think I actually watched your HBO special.

Alright, people, Mr. Hirohito and Mr. Ose were nice enough to stop by to talk to you. Gentlemen? 

Well, thanks a lot, kids. Great idea you had there. Now everyone is more disenfranchised with Christmas than ever. We want our three hundred bucks back!

Tomorrow, for the Prop. 10 vote, we'll set up ballot booths... here.  All right, men, we'll throw up the stage here. Before the vote we'll get a band everyone likes, like uhhhh, like...

Little boy, you don't understand how serious this is. Tom Cruise has put together a class-action lawsuit, along with 200 other celebrities!

That's okay. Hands on buzzers.

Now, folks, I know we're all a little worried about the jakovasaurs, and I want to hear you all out!

Wow, look at this, Johnson. Traffic jams at every intersection, hoards of people pushing their way through the crowd. It's almost like we're a real city.

Oh, please do. I'm dying to see it.

We'll just leave you two lovebirds alone.

The perpetrator left this clue at the crime scene. 

You have to wait until I ask the question first.

Fine. Then we'll sue you.  Johnson? 

An animated Christmas card. Kids, that just may be the dumbest idea I've ever heard, ever!

...flamethrowers, triggered at the same time...

Certainly. "Krocsyldiphithic" is a hard word to spell.

And, joining us this year, are the two home-schooled children, Rebecca and Mark Cotswolds! 

Ogh! This is terrible, Johnson! Our whole town's economy is going right in the toilet! We've got to get everybody back in the Christmas spirit!

My God, this is the worst storm I've ever seen.

Jesus, what are we supposed to do?!

Sorry, folks, a little mix-up. We're playing best out of three!

Ooh, Jesus. What a mess.

This is absurd! We need fireworks for our Fourth of July celebration at the lake.  I don't care that some twerp blew his hands off! We've got to have fireworks for our picnic! Hold on, I've got another call.  Hello? No, I don't know where Mr. Hat is! Jesus, Garrison. I've got bigger problems!  Hello, yes? Now what am I supposed to do about our Fourth of July show at the lake? No, I don't want snakes! This is an outrage! Get me the Mayor! I know that, smartass, I was being ironic..! 

Oh my God!  You tell me, how much longer this thing is gonna last?!

Sure you are, Chef. I'll give a hundred more for another romp.  Aw, hell..!

Right. So, we were actually wondering if we could call this whole thing off?

Call everybody! The show's back on! Come on, we've only got one day to prepare!

Turn off the cameras!

What? Oh God!

No, Garrison, you'll just try to have sex with it!

Come on people. We've got to turn this place around. Hang up the lights, string up the banners, castrate the cows!

What does this mean to the town?

Citizens of South Park, the Colorado Film Commission is pleased to present to you a work by some of our very own South Park children. 

Ugh!  Why, why Chef. What a surprise! 

Ooh, yeaah. Now all we have is a town covered in shit! This is much better!

My God, what a harrowing tale of human drama this is. All of us doing what we must to survive.

All right, everybody. Let's get them to the airport!  Let's go, people! There's no time to lose! 

Ted, we have got a major crisis here. I want you to get on the phone and call Inside Edition, Rescue 911-uh, and Entertainment Tonight-eh.  Better get my stylist on the phone too. Don't worry, things are under control.

He is. 

Uhhhhh, plan? I don't actually uh--

Don't you think I know that? How dare you insult my intellect, I went to Princeton for God's sake! You get out of my office!

Wait a minute. That's it! I got it! This Fourth of July, South Park will make history by having the largest snake in the world! The press will love it. I'll be on the front pa--  Oooooogh...

Well, then. What say we all go get some ice cream!

The press is here.

Now what do we do?

Ladies and gentlemen, this is indeed a great week for South Park. Ms. Hermans has opened the east wing of the library, and our own South Park Cows Elementary School Dodgeball Team is going to the national finals;  where they will undoubtedly be beaten senseless by the Washington team.  But most importantly, this week has brought to my attention a very serious and dreaded disease: conjoined twin myslexia. And so it is in honor of this that I declare this exciting week as Conjoined Twin Myslexia Week!  And now, let's kick off our weeklong festivities with the first annual Grand Conjoined Parade!  Let's hear it for these brave souls!  What a glorious parade that was! Let's hear it for the parade coordinators! 

What... is that thing?

Ooh, this is big! Johnson, Johnson, are you there? 

Well, I can assure you that it has absolutely nothing to do with the Japanese Mafia.

Of course! That's the point! Just be ready this afternoon at the public access building, and good luck! Hope you win!! 

Well, I must say, Garrison, perhaps you're not as stupid and crazy as I always tell people you are.

Oh, for Christ's sake, kid! The word is "chair"!!

Huh, what?

I know it's hard, Eric, but I've learned something today. You see, animal species come and go. It's all a part of natural evolution.

You can't leave.

Just send in the geometrist.

Ooooh!

Krocsyldiphithic.

Yes. We're trapped!

All we know right now is that some of our children  are camping on that mountain and... Oh, I'm sorry, can I start over?

But everyone in South Park wishes they could live in Memphis. Right? 

What?!

Buut, how do we decide "who"?

Hope. Why, that's a perfectly beautiful name!

And now, let's hear from the woman of the week! The incredible, courageous Nurse Gollum!

We are quite aware of your concerns Chef, but… 

What is fuck is that?!

Yes! Apparently, my plan to-o blow up the snake worked perfectly. 

Ladies and gentlemen, good citizens of Colorado. It's my pleasure to be the first person to wish you all a happy Fourth of July! Let's start with our school band playing The Stars and Stripes!

Yes, that's right. It's back to school with Officer Barbrady! 

Now we have Kyle Broflovski.  Here we go. Krocsyldiphithic.

And now, the little boy who first discovered the jakovasaurs, Eric Cartman!

Comanche helicopters...

Here with more on the status of the jakovasaurs is Department of Interior guy.

English! 

Whatever. Now, I'm going to have you luscious little youngsters do a play about the history of South Park.

Like Toto. And then the Harbuck's guy will have five minutes to speak and the boys will have five minutes to speak, and then the town votes.

Just cut to the chase and tell us about the snake!

Correct!

Well, the people of my town are a little upset. I don't think we realized what an impact this festival would have on our town.

Thank you Chef! 

They're starting to understand, Johnson.

Well, I can't just shut them down, this is a free country.

Youuu certainly made it up here quickly.

Uhhh, freaks with big hearts! And now--

Our first contestant is Mark Cotswolds, from home school.  All right, Mark. Your word is "conscientious."

Well, keep looking. 

Mr. Garrison, the guy with the puppet?

Wow, this is gonna put a damper on the day.  Let's have ice cream, everyone! 

But where? Jakovasaurs are big, loud, annoying, and stupid. Where would they fit in?

It is with great pride and honor that I'd like to welcome Mrs. Kathie Lee Gifford to South Park.

Jakov, what is your name? 

Reward? What reward?

This has been an interesting week in South Park. We've all done a lot of growing this week.  Everyone was afraid to take a stand on this issue. But now we have learned once again that black, white, yellow, brown, or whatever, we are all just people. And so, I am very excited to unveil our new South Park Flag! 

Uhuh, just hang on folks. We seem to be having some technical difficulties.

Hey, the shops are still open. We still have time to shop. 

Holy crap! He's alive??

So I guess you wanna do some campaigning.  You can do commercials and things like that, and then we'll have a vote in the middle of town. And obviously, if more than 50% of the people even show up...

This kids better make a good Christmas movie, Johnson. If people in this town don't start shopping again, we're all gonna be out of jobs next year.

Something which has a krocsyldiph-like quality.

Shut up!

...is your favorite celebrity, and mine  Kathie Lee Gifford! 

No reason for concern. I want to assure all of you that Officer Barbrady is still our active police force.

Hmmm. Where exactly does the canyon go?

Oh, boy.

Ladies and gentlemen, on this fourth day of Conjoined Twin Myslexia Week, all our prayers are with our little South Park Cows now playing their hearts out in China.  Now, join me in saluting our Cows and help make Nurse Gollum not feel like an outcast with our first official Conjoined Twin Myslexia hats! 

Gentlemen, I understand you are here to present both sides of an issue. I wanna hear you both out and do this in a civil and constructive manner so that I can give you both the time and attention you deserve. Jimbo, why don't you begin?

You have to learn to read faster, Barbrady!

I just had a brown baby boy. 

Oh, hell..! 

Well, let's get back to it.

Nonsense. This is your week. You aren't going anywhere.

We know that after you see this darling short film,  you will all feel the mighty glow of the Christmas spirit once again. Boys?

That's right, he's a black guy isn't he?

Yes! If I can show just how much I turned South Park around, I could become a Senator.

Barbrady, we really need you to speed this up. The Chickenfucker struck again last night.

Mr. Garrison, we can not have our children beating each other senseless in front of Kathie Lee Gifford.

What? Blue is-? Nono. Hang on.  You're supposed to lose, you idiot!

My God!

Yes, of course. Nobody gives a shit about Eric Roberts.

Now remember, Barbrady, all you have to do is lose!

I don't believe it. All this time, Barbrady actually did keep this town peaceful.

Oh. Mr. Hankey, it's you. How wonderful.

Chef, we realize that you find the South Park flag racist, and we certainly understand your case.  We have been diligently working on this problem, put in a lot of hours, and we have finally altered the flag in a way that we think will make you very happy. Gentlemen?  There. Is that better? 

But at this point I'm willing to try anything. Johnson, cut them a check for three hundred dollars.

It is with great pride and honor that I'd like to welcome Mrs. Kathie Lee Gifford to South Park. 

Look out, he's got a gun! 

We're all going to die in this horrible place. 

Ooh, yes. How are you?

Ahalright, Chef, I'll have my assistants hold up the flag.  and you tell me what exactly you find racist about it. 

Oh, neato.

Look, the best I can do is create a proposition. We'll call it Prop. 10. The town can vote on it, and if it passes, we'll see what we can do.

Well Mr. Garrison, how is the little play going?

They're Hollywood! They can do anything!

Well, you see? Fireworks at the lake will not only go on, but perhaps be the best ever. Wait a minute! We're gonna need an orchestra to play The Stars and Stripes!

Mary's analysis of the spreadsheet was... conscientious.

You've done this town a huge favor Muhammad. 

What?

Come onn, come on!  Hello!

Well, quick, do something!

Children are fickle.  All we have to do is come up with a new fad. We find the next toy and turn them all onto it as soon as possible.

Right over here. 

No, but look! He's got a little smile now!  See? He's happy. Much better, don't you think?  Well, some people just won't work with you at all. This is getting out of hand. How do I absolve myself of an responsibility with this?

And now, here to present the award for the environmental essay to our own, Eric Kaufman...

Really??

Excuse me, Mr. Film Commissioner, could I have a word with you?

Just don't answer any more questions, got it?

Gary was most interested in the littoral features of Michigan.

What the hell is going on here?

Officer Barbrady, let's pretend for one second that we had a competent law enforcer in this town: what would he do?

Aalll right, people. The next order of business is a very serious matter. We need to vote on whether South Park should reinstate the death penalty or not. All those in favor, say "yippee."

Well, how's the reading coming along?

You and your entire family are going to wonderful and exotic France!

Now, can we get on with this? First question: What color is blue? 

All right, all right. It's obvious we have to do something, but we can't just make them leave.

Great and noble alien creature. As Mayor of the fine planet of Australia, I welcome you to our fine... planet of Australia. Chippy chip

Kids, that cartoon was fabulous. How would you like to have your own show and make 100 more of them?

Yes, of course. Let the children be responsible. Everybody loves children. Tell the press. South Park Elementary will be holding a vote on Friday!

You have?

Thank you so much for coming, Muhammad. 

Of course I do, you fuckin' asshole!

What?!

Nohoho nooo. Now I'll be stuck in this podunk town forever, with all these stupid hick, redneck, jobless, truck driving idiots!

Mr. Garrison, I'm asking you to direct our little play.

Okay, our next contestant is Eric Cartman.  Alright, Eric, here's your word: chair. Chaaiirr. 

Not now, kids. The town is having a very important debate on capital punishment. 

Mr. Director person, what exactly do you want to do?

