Kids have been doing the tooth fairy racket in this town for years.  I do it just like my big brother before me, and my oldest brother before that.
They're what?! They're not gonna pay me? Who the hell do they think they are? I want those South Park kids dead! I want their families dead! I want their houses burned to the ground!  Oh, hi there, Mister. My mommy and daddy are out front, if you need 'em.
My associates here tell me you were working Cherry Creek tonight. Is that true?
Let me ask you something: You were gonna sneak a tooth under this rich kid's pillow? Then what?
Sit down, Mr. Foley. Do you want some spaghetti?
Tell you what: how would you like to run the South Park tooth racket for me?
Oh well. Maybe it's good my empire has fallen.
I told the ADA a thousand times: I know nothing about teeth. I'm just an 8-year-old boy who likes climbing trees and playing in puddles.
The hardest part is getting teeth. We tried various places. Cemeteries , hockey games , anywhere we can find them 
Jesus! The little sick kid was a setup all along!  How could I be so stupid?!
Did you bastards really think you could hide from me forever? Kolovski , put this buttwipe out of his misery. 
The teeth we do manage to acquire are then sorted according to size, color, and quality.  But there's never enough teeth. Never enough.
Naah. In a way, I'm just glad the whole thing's over with.
How are the kid's parents gonna know there was a tooth under their child's pillow? 
Look, any shmuck can sneak through a window wearing a pretty dress. The tooth racket is much more involved.  We keep careful track of what houses we've hit so that we don't hit the same one twice in less than two months.  Inside the house we not only have to sneak a tooth under the pillow, but leave a note for Mom and Dad to see.  This is how we let the parents know to leave money under the pillow.  Once the note is in place in the last house, we start all over, going back to the first house. But this time, all we have to do is collect money.  And the kids never know what hit 'em.
I can't believe I fell for such an obvious trap! What the hell is wrong with me?!
Well, well, well. What do we have here?
It's that, or else I can cut off your penises. 
