Now Frank, that's not very PC. You're gonna get us in trouble again.
Oooo, you folks really lucked out this time. You're visitor number one thousand!
Sure it is, one twenty-fourth and a half yours! You see, time-share has made it possible for even working-class people like you to say, "I've got a little place in Aspen."
And THAT is why owning a piece of an Aspen condo is not only possible,...
Heh-ey, you can leave anytime you want. Of course, that is, if you don't want the super-secret fun prize for attending the slide show.
Well you see, "time-share" means you buy the condo with about twenty other people like yourselves  You  "share" the condo with other investors and pick the  "time" you want to stay.
Well, we can't wait to show you what Aspen Time-Share is offering investors. Shall we do our thirty-minute meeting?
Right, but this isn't that meeting. The luncheon is that meeting.  Don't worry, you're gonna have a great free meal at  the luncheon.
Okay, okay, fine, I mean...  It would only take a second, but, I mean, you know, what did we do for you except, give you a free condo for the weekend. Huh. Seems like you could just... could just come up... and see what prize you had... 
Now, you're probably asking yourselves... "Can my time-share condo turn into a profit?"
Woll uh, you still gotta come to the time-share luncheon. We did give you a free condo for the weekend.
Hello, folks, I'm Phil and this is Josh . We're with the Aspen Time-Share Company. 
Folks, I'm glad you're back, because we forgot to mention, time-share condos are still deeded properties!
Op, here it is! As promised, a fabulous free lunch!
Oh, I know, that's what everybody says - "Not me, I can't afford it." But what if I told you you could own one of our properties for only eight thousand dollars!
Rolls off the tongue, doesn't it? Say guys, how'd you like to tell that hot secretary "I've got a nice little place in Aspen?" Hahaha! Just kidding, wives.
You see? That's the great thing about time-share. You get a little taste of luxuries you can't afford.
And so, we think we can convince you to buy one of our combos that's opening right here in Phase 4.
The police, the mayor, the president of the United States. Perhaps now you see the severity of your situation. I think we shall all sit down...  and listen to the presentation.
Of course you can. Go hit those slopes!  If you could just please show me the backs of your table place cards real quick?  Oh my God! You got the red sticker!
