Habitat?

Oh, dear Jesus, no!

We've gotta stop that train!

Sir! There's somebody calling in saying there's going to be a terrorist attack on the Hillary Clinton rally today.

No, that's impossible! How could he have?

The power went out!

Sir, the election may have gone the way they said, but we can't possibly give the Chinese what you promised.

Let's get him! 

Dr. Mephesto, we realize that scientific study is expensive. We want to help you make this project more... lucrative.

Left flank, prig prang and clear! Go go go! 

Nothing.

How so?

Well yeah, winner gets a thousand dollars.

Damn! Well, so much for our plan to use the ice man to take over Sweden.

We monitored your little online chat.  Now you're coming with us! 

Right.

Mr. Thompson, the kid who called in the warning was right! We uncovered intel that terrorists have obtained a nuclear device, and that they have most likely hidden it in Mrs. Clinton's... well, in her...

Where's the ice man?!

Line 2 from China for you, sir. It's General Tso.

We understand that you are currently in possession of the prehistoric ice man from 1996.

What? Nothing!

We'll never track him down on our own. This calls for some special assistance.

The train station? Then he's trying to go somewhere.

And what if General Tso suddenly gets the courage to go to the press with all this?

Amazing. He looks so much like us. 

Yes, and if he isn't found, we won't be able to use him for our military war-

Well, where the hell is he? We've got to get him back to the lab.

I'm Frank Garrett with the IRS. You haven't kept records of your income or payout, and there's a five hundred thousand dollar discrepancy.  Seize the assets. 

In her snatch, sir.

Hey, we didn't try that room! 

Don Heisman, Creative Arts Agency in Los Angeles. I think you've got real promise. How'd you like to sign with CAA?

The train! 

I said, stop that train!

Excuse me? Eric Cartman?

Yeah t-and uh, you know, Rod is a seasoned veteran, so I'm gonna have to ask for a bit more cash, but we could talk about that later; here comes Rod now. 

He would be more scared on the outside. Do you think this stuff freaks him out? How do you think he'd react to what's happening in the government right now?

What do you mean your client isn't coming?! We're taping the show tomorrow! Where am I goin' to find another contestant? Fine! Go screw yourself!

Sir, the feds are here.

Great! You kids just saved my ass! See you over at Stage 6. 

Ladies and gentlemen, Miss Angelina Jolie! 

It's easy.

Really?

We have to get him back. Well, can you do it?

We would like to...  we would like to offer our services in your experiments.

Hey there my man, that was a great performance.

Hold it right there, scumbag!

You will now all march in an orderly fashion into this trailer!  Move! 

Are you Alphonse Mephesto?

This is the first mass cow suicide I've seen in- at least eight months.

Freeze, cows!  The game is over! You will now return to your respective towns! 

Stop the train!

Yeah.

Nice try, buddy! We monitored your little online chat—now, you're coming with us! 

Damn it, Damn it!

