To the Booktastic bus, deputies! We haven't a moment to spare!

But I am done forever with Game of Thrones. Forever

Give me that!  That's a clue, and you'll get your stinking DNA all over it!

Keep your eyes peeled, boys. Somebody's gonna make love to this chicken any minute. 

It says, "Mmmuh mmmuuh..." Uh, what's this word? 

Last November, this town passed a bill that seemed silly to some. Since then we've had underground black markets, crime, death, and shootings. But now the bill has been repealed, and I am relieved to announce that once again, marijuana is illegal. 

We need a copy of Bumbly Wumbly and the Spotted Spacecraft right away!

Uhh... It says, uuh, "Sorry I had sex with the chicken. I won't do it again. Bye-bye." Well, there you have it. Case closed.

Uhh, boys, you move along. This isn't for young eyes to see.  Did you get a good look at the suspect?

Uhhh, just give me two cheeseburgers and some jalapeño poppers.

That's it, folks. Now, we can all go to the docks and enjoy the Halloween Haunt.

I'm afraid it's the big house for you, fruitcake.

I know that, smarty-pants! What do you think, I'm some kinda idiot?

All right, all right! I can't read!  There, I said it! I can't read! Are you happy now? You pushed and you pushed, and now you all know my terrible secret! I'm illegitimate! I'm not fit to be a policeman! I retire! 

Oh, I like snakes. You light 'em and they grow and grow.

Pet-ting. Petting zoo. He loved to go to the petting zoo! Boys, we're off!

Oh boy, I'm in big trouble.  I'll never learn to read fast enough, and the town is in chaos.

Well, nobody can say for sure; uh, no motive has yet been established.

I'm sorry, Mayor, but I couldn't find the little man in the boat.

Eric, I'm not gonna shoot anybody for taking your school folder.

Okay, people, move along. There's nothing to see here.  What's the trouble? Where's the body?

Second, I'd like to say to all those out there who think they can screw chickens just to teach people to read, your days are numbered!  And finally, I'd like to say that  reading totally sucks ass!

We need to keep this line clear. Call back another day.  It wasn't the abductors, sorry.

I just got him right here, Mr. Marsh.

You boys will be my deputies; you can help me restore order, catch the Chickenlover, and swing me on the swingset. 

I'm doing the best I can. I even got a A on my book report.

Sure, nightsticks for everybody!  You keep a tab on crime in the city, and we'll try to solve the Chickenlover case.

And that's when I masturbated to Game of Thrones. I know it was wrong to masturbate, and I know it was especially wrong to masturbate while on duty.

All right, there's only one fair way to do this. Everyone stick out their potatoes.  My mother and your mother were out hanging clothes. My mother punched your mother in the nose. What color blood came out? 

Yes, at first, I was happy to be learning how to read. It seemed exciting and magical. But then I read this: Atlas Shrugged, by Ayn Rand. I read every last word of this garbage, and because of this piece of sh-shit, I'm never reading again!

Well then, I have to take you to jail.

Terrible! I give up! I'm not fit to be a cop! Booohoohoohoohoo, booohoohoohoohoo.

B L O O uh oh-O spells "blue" and that means that you will go to the lab and help out Mephesto and then we can all go home and watch Murphy Brown. 

I've just finished reading the heartwarming novel, Go, Dog. Go!. I found it a compelling and disturbing look at the canine psyche. If I may read a passage: "Big... dog..., little... dog.  A red dog... on a..." Well, anyway, I'm not one to give away the ending, but I will say that it spirals toward an incredible twist-turn that parallels my own life.

Stand back, people. There's nothing to see here.

Okay, people, let's try to stay orderly. The best way to do this is, all get on one side and push it from the top. 

Okay, so just what is going on here, people?

So what does the ATF do when religious fanatics are gonna commit mass suicide?

Okay, people. I know we all want to get down to the docks for the Halloween Haunt, but first we just need to inform you about thee- people or persons out there digging up bodies to have sex with them. Gentlemen? 

Ah, Mayor, please, when we're around children we prefer to call him the Chickenlover.

"Teetle the timid taxidermist loves to go to the pet-pet--"

Alright, KoRn, you can stop your demonic shenanigans and come downtown with me!

Well, both 3D computer modeling and intensive seismology have not given us any leads as of yet.

I said, return to your homes before I start arresting people.

Oh, I can't read this. It has silent e's.

"Ta... ta... Taaguh-- Taxi-dermist."  I read it! I read it all by myself! 

Yes, but at what cost, Mr. Garrison? At what cost?

Hmmm.  I can't go on living this lie!

Well, being an officer of the peace means a lot of things. It's a hard job, but then I'm a hard man. A lot of people think that in a small town there isn't a lot for the law to do. Well, they're wrong.

"Tee-tle the timid taxidermist... loves..to..." Oh, goddamn, reading is lame!

There, you see? This could be a bank robbery. Or possibly even a murder! This ain't no podunk little town!

Oh. Okay, uh... Well, first of all I'd like to thank the town of South Park, the town that bore me and eventually will rob me of my life precious. 

Swingset, swingset, up and down I go
"Whoosh!" goes the willy-wind, flowing through my toes

That's quick thinking, deputy. Let's get to Stark's Pond immediately!

Oh, Christ. How do you kids do it?

Alright, come out now. Make it easy on yourself. 

Did you kids actually learn how to read this way?

Hello, children. Dr. Mephesto needs one of you to help him out in his lab with the prehistoric ice man.

Aw, just give us the damn book, fruitcake! 

Whataya call this then?  If you do not comply, I'll be forced to execute each and every one of you  by gunshot to the head.  That's right, return to your simple lives.  Just forget this ever happened. Forget.  For-get.

