An economic crisis has hit South Park and the nation like never before. Another South Park bank has closed down, leaving thousands of people in debt.
The clock is ticking and the citizens of South Park are gripped in fear. Two days ago an evil unknown terrorist threatened major consequences if Mysterion  does not reveal his identity.
While police claim they were only following standard protocol, the drone owners are banding together and holding a candlelight vigil.
Though the tests seem conclusive, Stan Marsh continues to deny any cheating.
Showing just how much one concerned parent can do, Marsh then found himself in front of the leaders of Washington.
Fourth of July is finally here, and with the state-wide ban on fireworks, people from all over Colorado are flocking to South Park. Here with a special report is a normal-looking guy with a funny name.
The biggest battle of all time is about to begin: the battle of the feeding tube! As people on both sides of the argument vie for media attention.
The people have spoken, and the President of the United States is once again, Barack Obama.
In response to the embarrassment, the President of the United States has passed "Stan's Bill," putting an end to school-mandated vaccinations.
Priests and bishops have been working overtime to remove Jesus from the record books and from The Last Supper. 
These latest tests are once again confirming that the performance-enhancing drug HGH was in the body of Christ at the time of crucifixion. All over the country people are having their "What Would Jesus Do" wristbands cut off. It was just last week a team of scientists found traces of HGH on the Shroud of Turin  , along with several other illegal compounds and painkillers. 
Here's Lalapalalala's news. The hit group Timmy has broken up.
And in other news it appears that Saddam Hussein has finally signed an agreement to let the U.S. inspect his military operations. When asked if he would uphold his side of the agreement, Hussein replied, quote: "Hey, relax, fella. You need a rest, guy."
Global warming appears to have struck as predicted in the Colorado Rockies! All around the country, panic and chaos are settling in!
And so today South Park held a parade to honor Officer Barbrady and his heroic work on the Chickenfucker case. 
The government warns that Rascal tipping can be dangerous, and may lead to fat people shitting their pants as they kick and scream on the floor. To counter the crisis, the Department of Health has called for $25 million in aid, so that all mobility scooters can be fitted with a tip assist device. 
We've just received word that Kenny McCormick... has passed away. The debate still rages on in America, but at least now, Kenny... is in a much more peaceful place.
If you have any idea about the true identity of Mysterion, please call the 9 News Hotline.
A car chase is evolving on the 285 corridor east of South Park! Hate-crime suspect Eric Cartman is trying to outrun federal prosecutors in his friend's Go-Go Action Bronco! Our Eye in the Sky Greg Nimins is there live. Greg?
With chicken after chicken being violated, the South Park police are under increasing pressure to solve the case of the Chickenfucker. We now go live to a press conference where Officer Barbrady and the Mayor are fielding questions.
What an asshole! I hate that guy, and so do you. And now, on to the weather. It's fucking hot, thanks to Randy Marsh, son of a bitch!
The town of South Park has become a hotbed of tension with civilians lashing out at police. After police used excessive force at a peaceful protest, the town has now broken out into full-scale riots.  As the people of South Park continue to protest, the South Park police are now ordering a mandatory reverse curfew. The governor has asked for help from the National Guard to bring order to the town.
And so, Phil Collins is back on as the headliner. The opening band now will be Timmy's guitarist Skyler's new solo project, Reach for the Skyler.
A school in Colorado has declared Germans the least funny people in the world. The first annual comdey awards were held by the schoolchildren yesterday, and all of Germany is outraged.
However, a growing number of people are also standing behind Kenny's BFF, Eric Cartman.
...to which Ms. Clinton replied, "I don't even like Vagina." Finally tonight, a human-interest story. Dan Akawa is live.
Shock and disbelief tonight as the German-engineered Funnybot delivered his opening lines at the Hollywood Forum, then opened fire on the audience of eleven hundred, killing nearly all of them. Spectators say the violent attack was unmotivated, irrational, and also, pretty Goddamned funny, solidifying the opinion once agan that Funnybot may be the greatest comedian of all time.
Tonight an incredible story of an unknown child in South Park who has taken to the streets in an effort to fight crime.
As a group of lesbians in Colorado are refusing to allow the new owners of their bar in.
The tornado was said to be the deadliest in fifty six years. In other news, it's been twenty-four hours now and the Princess of Canada is still missing. All of Canada is in mourning as nationwide suicides abound. 
The President says he will send the Coast Guard to take the island back, though he sympathizes, being a native Hawaiian himself.  Hm.
A woman was arrested for trying to bring food to the patient. 
Since the threat was issued there has been no sign of Mysterion. Where is Mysterion?
President Wulff went on to assure the world that Germans have a great sense of humor, and that retaliation towards the schoolchildren who said they don't will be swift and brutal.
This is HBC News. A right-to-die case debate is heating up in Colorado,  where Kenny McCormick's feeding tube has been removed by his BFF.  Two boys are bringing national attention to this story by protesting outside the hospital.
Just how far will the economy fall? We asked economic reporter Dan Banks for his assessment.  We'll have the rest of Dan's interview tonight at 10.
Kindergarten teacher Herbert Garrison has apparently invented a new vehicle that will give the airlines a run for their money. Mr. Garrison is putting the final touches on his top secret device, which he simply calls "IT".  So what exactly is "IT"?  Here with a report is a Hispanic man with some gravy stains on his lapel. 
It has become the biggest concern for most people. The farmers of Belarus and their plight against their government. And now one person is taking it upon himself to end the crisis. His name? Jesus.
An insurrection in the Hawaiian Islands has escalated to war! After sinking a cruise ship, the natives of Kauai continue to go berserk, forcing all tourists off their island.
And so Officer Barbrady has taken a leave of absence, and South Park would have to manage without any police force for a while--  This just in! South Park is plunged into total anarchy!  Exactly two seconds after the retirement of Officer Barbrady, looting and pillaging erupted in the quiet mountain town! 
It is yet unknown if any other children have contracted from the vaccinations, but if so, multimillion-dollar lawsuits are probably not far behind.
The tests are done and the results are in. The little boy who claimed he never cut off his "What Would Jesus Do" bracelet did cut it off, and lied about it.
The first documented case of a child developing Asperger's Syndrome from school vaccinations  has put the government in a tight spot.  At a press conference today the media heard from the young boy's father, Steamy Ray Vaughn.
More lawsuits today as people on mobility scooters claim they have nowhere to poo. Property owners are being ordered to modify their bathrooms, costing taxpayers millions. Opponents of the measure are expressing their outrage by engaging in the act of Rascal tipping.
Shock and outrage all over the state tonight after an on-duty police drone chased and shot down an unarmed civilian drone, and worst of all, yes, the civilian drone was black. 
You are watching E! Entertainment News. God knows why.  She's all grown up and she wants you to know it. From kids show star to sex symbol, Yo Gabba Gabba's Foofa is ready to rock!  She's been seen out partying, photographed smoking pot, and now, Foofa has announced a raunchy performance on the MTV Video Music Awards. Foofa's new manager claims the MTV performance will be one for the record books.
Is football safe for your kids? Concerned Parent Randy Marsh says "No," and has started a movement to reform the sport, gathering followers by the hundreds.
It's been several days and still there's no sign of the pop singer Lorde. The singer went dark on Twitter claiming severe depression, and stating  "I realize now that I make people uncomfortable. I need to give this up and go back to just being the old me." Spin Magazine is claiming they know the reason for the sudden exit, and will be releasing a tell-all article about the troubled artist next week.
Curious crowds in the town of South Park, Colorado.  They've brought binoculars and camera phones trying to get a shot of a mysterious superhero.
For the first time in almost a year, the economy in South Park has taken a small, but noticeable upturn.  Stores and shopping malls are open again as newly debt-free people feel safe... to make purchases. 
the Prince of Canada has said that-... uh-... Uh we have just received breaking news that the Canadian government now knows who took the princess. The Canadian Prime Ministries instructing all people of Canadian descent to go home and... open their box of faith.  Box of faith? What the fuck is that? 
All over America, the effects of the giant ash snake of South Park can be seen. 
...and finally tonight, a young boy from South Park, Colorado found something very interesting during a field trip today. Here with a special report is a quadraplegic Swiss man on a pony.
Another death tonight by a senior citizen motorist. Carl Zorn of Pine Junction was killed instantly when struck by a vehicle driven by Pete and Lydia Malman, who were trying to find Country Kitchen Buffet. This latest tragedy comes only two days after the accident in Deer Creek, where three construction workers and a bulldozer  were run down by senior citizen Paul Thom , who was trying to find Country Kitchen Buffet. Public outcry is forcing the DMV to consider suspending the licenses of all seniors over seventy, though no decision has yet to be made.
