The AARP is gonna help us take this town until we get our licenses back!
And I flew Spitfires over Germany in World War II!
The American Association of Retired Persons! The largest political group in the country! When seniors like me are bein' discriminated against, the AARP comes and sets it right!  And you're gonna be sorry when they get here!
Now my son is gonna talk to me like I'm twelve.
Hold on, hold on just a second. I got a present for my grandson.  Come here, Billy.  You've grown up, Billy. It's time for you to have somethin' expensive and flashy , to impress all the ladies .
*.  Mluglu dja mugm blugabeb * * *.
I loved that dog. She always made me so happy. When she died, I... I didn't let myself get too sad, 'cause I thought, thought I'd always have the memory of her slobberin' happy face.  I can't remember what she looked like, Billy... Huh. Huohh. 
And I will be God-damned if the government thinks it can step in and take away my right to drive!
Well I won't be sitting here long! I've already called the AARP!
You just try taking me to jail, scrotum-head! You just try!
Seniors of South Park, I don't know about you, but I am mad as hell!
Billy, get in the car! I need you boys to help me pick up my new Hov-Around.
Come over here you son of a whore! 
Oh, for me?  Oh! My God. There she is.  Old Patches. There's that slobberin' happy face! Thank you Billy. That means a lot.  Billy, that... that bolo tie you're wearing?
I know. I guess sometimes us seniors need to know when to stop driving so we don't put the responsibility on our families.
Well you see that, Billy? That's an emerald on 14 karat gold. Don't you think your sister would like that? 
Ahh, sounds like you had a fun weekend.
That's right. So you know what I think we should do? I think we should have a senior citizens' meeting! Get all the seniors together at the community center and unite!
Oh God damnit, don't you lecture me you son of a bitch!
That's right! Now, ...can anybody remember what we're pissed off about?  Now, remember we're all pissed about something and uh... that's why we had this meeting, but I... can't for the life of me re-
* * wughum chughum * *, * *.
I don't know where you got that, but it's fucking gay as fuck.
Gewhit * * Gewit um hebed wabaduh. Gabalah. 
It's worth fifty thousand. The Jewels and Gems Shopping Network said so.
Duo bet tum debettum * * ghm * *?  Mah tah guum tyum * * ghm tm tm. 
Oh, that's wonderful! That'll make me feel reeeally good. Who's Stan?
I ain't got one! You peckers took it!
So now, what are we gonna do about it?
Shelly's thirteen? Rihight. Right, boy...  Billy, did I ever tell you I used to have a border collie named Patches?
Ha! Well she will one day. She'll appreciate it. She's, she's just a baby after all.
The time when you can tell me what to do is over, pucky-boy! We're in charge now!
That's 14 karat gold, with turquoise and reeeal diamonds.
God-damnit Billy! You're supposed to listen to your dad, right?! Well I'm your dad's dad, and that means you get in this car before I tan all your hides!
I'll be Goddamned if they think they can take my license away! 
I heard what you said! You wanna take drivin' privileges away from seniors! Well let me tell you something, peckerface! I worked fifty five years in the steel mill!
Come back here you pompousy son of a pansy!
All right, we've got control of the Mayor's office and the fire station.
Uh, I appreciate what the AARP is tryin' to do for us, but uh, all we want is our licenses back.
