Very honorable. But you know where loyalty gets you in a game like Guitar Hero? Nowheres. Just listen to that video crowd.  I haven't heard a video crowd go that wild in a long time. You've got a chance to score a million points, and I hate to see you throw it away because you're worried about your friend's feelings.
He doesn't even need a game system to play on. He can play Guitar Hero acoustically.
I'm impressed.  And I'd like to be your manager.
That here has backed up a lot of really great Guitar Hero players. Isn't that right, Thad? 
What are you doing?! The video crowd is starting to boo! 
You're gonna love this kid, Stan. He's one of the best Guitar Hero players I've ever seen. Except for you, of course.  Ah, Thad!  Stan Marsh, this is Thad Jarvis.
Stan, it's the song we all agreed you would play.
No!  Nobody plays Heroin Hero just a little! You know, you never catch the dragon!
I think you could. But uh, as for your friend, well, to be honest, I think he's holding you back.
You've gotta pull it together!  Pull it together, Goddammit!
Look, you score a lot higher than him; there's no question who the better one is. I wanna put you with some other players, find a partner for you who can really help you max your score.
Thank you for coming to Gamecraft Arcade to watch Stan Marsh break a million points and unlock superstardom. 
Go ahead, Thad. Show him what you can do.  Check this out.  Pretty damn good, huh?
You're going on in ten minutes! Everybody's coming to see you!
You've got real potential, kid. I have no doubt you can break a million.
That was real cool, kids. Hey, Kyle, there's a different controller in my car that might work better for you. Why don't you go with Jim and he'll help you find it. 
Stan, with this kid backing you, you're gonna make Guitar Hero history.
Scoring a hundred thousand points is amazing, but I think with the right label behind you, you guys could make a million points.
You'd better pull your act together, because now you're gonna have to break a million points and unlock superstardom solo!
No worries, Mr. Hart. They'll be ready for the big show in a few days
No, that's Kansas. But these boys scored a hundred thousand points to it on Expert Level in Co-op Mode.
