Aah, guys, I'm sorry, but the Halloween Haunt's been cancelled.
All right guys, be sure to tip the waitresses; this is two for one; put your hands together, this is Monique!
All right, all right, next caller, you got a question for the boys?
Now, this party is also for a good cause, because it's to honor a little boy with diabetes, Scott Malkinson. Is that correct?
All right guys, help me feel it out to them; we got a featured dancer coming out next; put your hands together for... Spontaneous Bootay! 
Joining me now is Father Maxi, from the South Park Church. Father, what do you think of all the preparations here at the docks?
All right, well, we've got lots of people callin' in. Caller, what's your question?
Uh-hall right! Well, enjoy the spooky docks, kids.
Well all right, guests, put your hands together. Be sure to tip the dancers. And now, come on, let's hear it for Candy!
All right, all you dreamers and creamers out there out there in South Park, I'm gonna play a song by a local artist that really made me think about my impact on the earth. This is Stan Marsh with "Hey, People, You've Gotta Drive Hybrids Already". 
Must be pretty special having a big party in your honor, Scott. How does it feel?
Ohhhhhh well all right, next caller is Eric. Are you there, Eric?
Yeah, and how about KoRn playing the big concert tomorrow? Pretty exciting, huh?
All right, that was "Get This Party Started" and joining me in the studio now are four local boys who are gearing up to throw the most epic party ever. Is that right, boys?
Well all right, time for action indeed. Let's go to the phone lines. Go ahead, caller.
All right, it's sure to be a blast. Phone lines are going craaazy!
You best clear out of here! There's pirate ghosts, and they'll kill you. 
All right, let's go to Jamie in Como. Go ahead.
It's Halloween day, so come on down to the docks and bring your costumes! 
...the Beatles in the White Album in Helter Skelter. Okay- 
Alriight, we'll see you tomorrow for Halloween! In the meantime  here's a KOZY hit by Barry Manilow.
Huh alright guys, put your hands together, a lot of shootin' and killin' goin' on, but be sure to tip your waitress let's hear it for Rebecca.
