I've seen muh life flash before me eyes. Mingie!
You know... the book that Joseph Smith found.
The other kids are watching. Look, do what you gotta do. I won't fight back. I just hope that maybe afterwards we can... try to be friends someday.
Aye. They got me bad. Oh, the blood.
Assholes need stimulation too, you bastard! I want to travel. I want to see Paris. I thought lamp was goin' to get better, but Oprah's always busy. Werkin' and werkin', diyatin' and not diyatin'. I need a pukin' up mounds of chocolate cake or teaspoons of weedgrass.
Just look into the author of "A Million Little Fiyabers," and you'll discover the truth.
He wants to know what information we have.
Hey guys. Stan, I remember you said last night that you'd lost your wallet, so I made you a new one.  I carved a picture of John Elway into the leather on the front.
Tell us the story of Joseph Smith, Dad.
The writer of the book on Oprah's Book of the Month Club is a phonih. He's not a person at all. He's a towel.
Jesus Minge! You killed him! You shot him dead!
How come you wanna fight me? ...Oh, I get it. I'm the new kid.  Yeah, I guess maybe I deserve it.
Hey everybody! This is my new friend Stan. Stan, this is my mom and dad.
Yes it's me. You think you've go' it bad? Oprah hasn't paid any attention to me in years.
Listen, I just wanted to let you know you don't have to worry about me tryin' to be your friend anymore.
Minge, does this mean I have to wait to see Paris?
Hey! My family's on their way over to the fire station to donate blood. You wanna come along? 
I'm really excited to live in this town and share all kinds of great experiences with you, my new friends!
'E wants to know who 'e's speakin' with.
Oh God, I think I'm goinna be sick eh.
You'd be surprised at things that can talk.
Yeah yeah, yeah, I love my family!
My family is the best!
If we ever have to face a challenge.
It's really tough being in a totally new place, but I think all you guys are really cool so... I understand if there's initiation rites.
So hey, I heard your dad came over last night and he and my dad talked about Joseph Smith. That's great!
Ahhh... I can smell them, Mingie. At least I got to see Paris before I- 
Oh just put down the gun, Mingie. Maybe they'll go easy on us.
Yeah! They're all right pissed off! This is great!
Hey, that's only cool, guys. You can believe whatever you want!
Where... where are we, Mingie? Are we in Paris?
A'right, look. All you need to know is that I'm definitely not Oprah's asshole.
I didn't say "stop wastin' my time," Geraldo did.
That's when we don't allow any TV and just entertain each other with music and stories. Doesn't your family ever do that?
Oh. Well, I'd like to, but... Oh man, I would miss you guys so much!
Hello everybody. It's relly great to meet you all.
Well, he kept them hidden from everyone like he was told. And then he translated what was written on the plates into the Book of Mormon.
Look, maybe us Mormons do believe in crazy stories that make absolutely no sense, and maybe Joseph Smith did make it all up, but I have a great life. and a great family, and I have the Book of Mormon to thank for that. The truth is, I don't care if Joseph Smith made it all up, because what the church teaches now is loving your family, being nice and helping people. And even though people in this town might think that's stupid, I still choose to believe in it. All I ever did was try to be your friend, Stan, but you're so high and mighty you couldn't look past my religion and just be my friend back. You've got a lot of growing up to do, buddy. Suck my balls. 
