Hello everyone, I'm here to announce a new product that will once again revolutionize the way we use our phones and tablet devices. Let's hear it for our volunteers!  These three people have agreed to be brought here, handcuffed to these beds, and become the prototype of our first truly-interfaced device.
Fine. You don't want to be part of this? Then just sign right here.  Nooo! You didn't read it! This says we don't ever have to let you out and that we can do whatever we want!  Dammit, why won't it read?!
What? What do you mean we have to take it apart?! The boy's agreement isn't valid?
Yeah you want out? Are you saying you want out?
We have to unveil this thing tomorrow. It better be reading by then!
Come on. We'll get you separated, little boy.  Guess you won't be eating Japanese food for a while, huh? 
Really nice, guys.  I remember when the first version of the iPad came out. People couldn't believe how easy it was to take their videos, music, and photos, and all their shit,  and share it, with other people, who could do the same with all their shit. The only thing the iPad couldn't do was walk or read. Until now.
Perhaps I didn't mention...  it's a bean and cheese burrito from Paco's.
When Dr. Phil contacted us at Apple with Eric's story, we knew we had to get aboard.  And so, Eric, here is your very own HumancentiPad. 
Don't worry. It took a while, but I'm pretty sure it has finally learned to read, hasn't it?! 
What, what what's that? What's that you're saying?
You agreed to this!  Mouth to anus so that the feces so that the gastral tract from one will enter the mouth of the little boy -  and he agreed this was okay - enter the mouth of the little boy, leading through his anus to the mouth of the female - who completely agreed; they all agreed - which will then go to a tablet device, making a product that is part human, and part centipede, and part Web browser, and part emailing device! I give you... the HUMANCENTiPad!
No, dammit! It didn't read it! End of simulation, end of simulation!  What is wrong with you people?! Why can't you get the HumancentiPad to read?!
I don't care what the Geniuses say! Dammit, I'm trying to create the future here!
