Well, it's a good idea if you wanna be tall and black. Otherwise, I wouldn't recommend it.
Because I've already used your testicles to fashion new knees for a little boy who wanted to be tall and black.
Now, I'll just continue the incision up the shaft of the penis. 
Oh yes, Mr. Garrison. Uh yes, he had a vaginoplasty. Mhm.
There's nothing crazy about a person wanting to look on the outside the way they feel on ths inside.
Now, you're absolutely sure you want a vaginoplasty?
I'm sorry, Kyle, I should have told you the surgery was cosmetic only.
Well, ah I only made him look like he could play basketball. If he actually does it, the testicle in his knees will explode! 
All right, then let's begin.  Just relax, Mr. Garrison. I think if more people could just see a sex-change operation, they would know how perfectly natural it is. The first thing I'm going to do is slice your balls. 
And your scrotum has been made into a dorsal fin for a man who wanted to look more like a dolphin.
Invert the back, move the esophagus to the top of the head. Yes, a full dolphinoplasty could be achieved relatively simply...
It's a fairly common procedure, really, just the reverse of a caucasioplasty just like Michael Jackson had. Let's take a look here.  What we do is slice your face and peel it back so we can insert now pigment producing cells inside.  We break the arm bones in several places and put braces to make them longer.  Now, the knees we need to snap off and fill with small round objects that can cause better movement.  And we finish it off with a nice peniplasty to enhance the genitalia.  Negroplasty takes about seven hours and costs roughly three thousand dollars.
No, I just made him look more like one. We have to stop him from playing! Those testicles in his knees are ticking time balls!
So, I hear you're interested in reconstructive surgery.
He's going to play basketball? Oh my God.
With the scrotum open, I can now discard of your testicles.
Now I'll just... turn your... penis inside out.
All we need to do now is ...stuff the ...unskinned penis inside your... pelvis... And now I'll use the skin from your penis to make vaginal lips.
Come on, we've gotta get to those balls! 
