Echo, this is Garrett. I've got a code 5 at...  Park County, Colorado! Repeat! Code 5, Park County, Colorado! 
You did very well to get the towel this far, boys. I wonder: What did they tell you at Tynacorp? That the big, bad government wanted to genetically engineer a Towelie as a weapon? Now let me tell you the real story.
Alright, maybe we lied to you, but it was to protect your own skin! We are a resistance group pretending to be the military to bring Tynacorp down!
Aaaaarrrr. Move move move move move move!  Don't make a move, you bastards!
Damnit! I knew those boys were protecting that towel.  They must have some unexplainable bond with it.
Sorry, Zytar. Didn't your mom ever tell you? Don't mess with earthlings. 
It could already be anywhere, hiding out again. No, the time for being nice is over. We must instigate... Plan B.
Alright men, remember, do not hit the white ones!
Alright, boys, take the towel back in there and say your mission was accomplished.  Then upload this encryption disk into their computers.
If anything goes wrong, use this newly-developed photon rifle. 
You've been double-crossed by Tynacorp, kids. They set this all up to get you in here and take us down.
Well well well. Look what the cat dragged in.
Well I'm through playing hide and seek! We've got no other choice! Prepare to blow up all of Colorado!
Ah yes.  Tell me, Marine, did you accomplish your primary goal?
Hmm...  So perhaps, then, you can explain to me why we just got footage of the towel returning to Tynacorp?!
Say, boys, this may sound a little ...odd, but... have you see a ...talking ...towel around anywhere.
And now you know the horrible truth, boys.
Yes, we've been trying to make our own genetic copies of the towel, but only because we had to. You see, when we started spying on Tynacorp, we discovered a certain, terrifying secret. 
Genetic copies we tried to make with your TNA. They didn't work too well, I'm afraid.
But perhaps we should show these kids who Tynacorp really is made up of. Go on! Tell them why you've been making towels! Zytar! 
Don't you see what genetically enhanced smart towels like these are capable of? You get out of the shower and dry yourself off. But even after you're dry, the towel makes you more dry. It keeps getting you drier and drier.  Can you imagine it? What it would feel like to be way, way too dry? I'll tell you something: You don't want to know. And I don't know.
Boys, try to reach the core override! We've got no choice but to try to take them all out!  I think I can get it from here, boys!
Don't listen to them. They lied to you before.
Yes.  Destroy all towels within a thousand mile radius. 
