Hmm, what a lucky little man. We'll be right outside if you need us, Kenny. 

Wait a minute. Yes! The hemorrhoid is going into remission!

Well, the red-haired and freckle gene is a recessive gene. It must've stayed dormant in your system until you hit adolescence.

All right.

But, we almost lost her. Why couldn't you boys just leave her alone?

...Now?

All right, but don't take too long. 

We all want to welcome our new member, Randy. Say hi to everyone, Randy.

...an abortion?

Well, try to relax; It will all be over very soon. 

Good. We're making a lot of headway. We'll do some more testing tomorrow. All right, folks. Let's let Butters get some rest. 

Uhh, Mr. Torres was here for a routine check-up Chef.

NO No, I'm not saying that, at all. Please I, I'm just saying how a-, amazing you are for wanting to... l-lessen some of your more... less awesome attributes.

No, I mean you're physically unable to have an abortion, because you can't get pregnant.

Alright Eric, we got the X-rays back.

If I'm going to perform surgery, I need permission.  Sign this release so we can operate.

Now I'm just going to check for cysts.  Awww! 

Alright Queef Sisters, it's time for your yearly PAP smear and vag exam.

The boys are just shocked at how good you look, Britney.  Right, boys?!

He... didn't make it.

If you take a minute to think about your anger, and give-  whoa! Whoawhoawhoa!

Very interesting.

You're a very lucky little boy. I've never seen a hemorrhoid so infected. It could have killed you. 

'Scuse me. Excuse me, let me through.

That doesn't seem likely. Tourette's is a hereditary disease; it doesn't just suddenly start.

Damn it you have to take her out of here; she can't be around all this right now.

Well, all his vital signs are still normal. From his outward appearance, I would say he has the standard skin pigment deficiency.

That is an ad for The Zookeeper and  that is a turd about to be reheated.

He has two fractured ribs, a broken femur, torn ligaments in both knees, and a lever 2 concussion. He also appears to be developing three small vaginas in his stomach, but they are all sparkling clean.

You can't have periods either.  You had a sex change, Mr. Garrison, but you don't have ovaries or a womb. You don't produce eggs.

Hello, Mr. Garrison, I'm Dr. Biber. I'll be performing your surgery today.

...Okay. Uh, why don't we uh do some roleplaying now with Wayne D, who gets angriest at his mom.  Gretchen, can you play Wayne D's mom for us? 

Sorry.

Well of course you are! And Canada Friends welcomes you!

Yeah, I'm afraid the two of you have - Pink Eye.  I'd give you topical medicine, but I don't wanna touch ya.

During the tonsil surgery we had to supply you with donor blood. A mistake was made and you were given blood contaminated with HIV. It was a one in a billion fluke.

Well, Eric, because I know you want to... control your anger and become a better person.

He does not have gills.

Well just don't let it happen again! Now I'm going to check for cysts.  Arh!  Now stop it! That isn't funny! Babies come from there!  That's it! No PAP smear for you!

Yes. And there's no known cure, I'm afraid. Everything just seems shitty, and everyone starts to seem shitty, and everything they say just starts to 

Let's try a little experiment. I wanna see maybe what kind of things... trigger you, Eric. Okay? How do you think you would react if I said some negative things about you?

Well, uh, i- it was the mortician and his assistant at the morgue, yeah. 

Now, now, now let's, let's form a line, I've got enough topical cream for everybody.  Ahh!

All right, Butters, just try to relax.  Doin' just fine, Butters.  Just stay perfectly still now, Butters.

He's coming back.

You don't. I'm sorry, there... just isn't enough research in how sarcasm affects the brain.

Well basically, a lot of amazing studies have shown that stem cells might be used to fight cancer and a myriad of other diseases. Right now, a lot of stem cells come from the tissue of aborted fetuses-  ah- I'm sorry, unwanted children. And if you sign a release, that tissue can go to studies.

Basically, yes.

Okay, well I've got a better idea. Let's get all the funding for cancer research and genetic diseases, let's, let's take all that money and make commercials that say "Hey America, sarcasm might not be such a great thing for your brain."

Does... everyone here have an issue with their penis size?

All right, but... you're gonna have to take certain precautions now. It's very important that you keep Eric out of the sun. The sun... is his worst enemy.

Now, we've all been trying to channel our anger in more constructive ways, Randy. Why don't you share what's bothering you?

Oh no you don't, Scott! Leave these boys alone!

Now listen heauh! If you queef in my face, then I refuse to be your gynecologist!

Excuse me.  Carol, what? ...Whoa, calm down honey. What do you mean? Web chat with wha-? What 14-year-old girl? Carol, I would ne-  No I don't have a criminal record. Who would- Who is Mitch Conner?! There can't be an official police report, honey, there's no- No no, Carol, put down the gun, swee- uh sweetie, come on, put down the  Carol? Carol! 

Oh dear. I think I know what this is. You see Stan, as you get older, things that you used to like start looking and sounding like shit. And things that seemed shitty as a child don't seem as shitty. With you, somehow, the wires have gotten crossed and everything looks and sounds like shit to you. It's a condition called "being a cynical asshole."

Ohh, rreally? You, you think there's a correlation between sarcasm and sarcastaball?  Really?  That's fascinating. Please, go on.

If you wanna be in the OR, a pass is required!

N-that's right.

Well, after fourteen hours of testing, I can say Butters is definitely suffering from aggravated repressed memory syndrome. You see, Butters, when the brain wants to cover something up, it makes up images and sounds for you to hear.

No, really. Of all the idiotic dumb ways I've seen kids injure themselves, yours takes the retard cake! 

This says you had a birthday recently?

Well, I s-supposed it could be rigged, but I--

Why, hello Chef. Let me guess, pink eye, right?

She's... alive.

Well, I'll let you boys have your say. 

Uh huh, and what about food? Are some of the things you thought tasted good tasting like shit to you now, too?

We're going to do everything in our power to make this up to you, Eric. For starters, I think I owe you some ice cream. 

Aha. Now I'm going to play you some good ole Bob Dylan. 

Mr. Marsh, this is what we're here to try and work on, okay?

You aren't on life-support. Pulling a plug wouldn't do anything.

You don't see any difference in the pictures?

Damn it, she can't handle any stress right now!

Wait, this sounds like shit to you?

Alright, let's get him into ER.

Not yet, but we've confirmed that you now have the virus that causes AIDS. We are very sorry.

Right. See, what we all need to do is chaaannel our various reasons for anger, and learn to control it.

Together, we're gonna learn what makes us angry, okay? And how to better deal with it so we don't get ourselves into trouble anymore.

Well alright, let me check for cysts.  Nooo!  That does it, Queef Sisters! I'm not your vaginal doctor anymore! 

Hey hey, now, now, there, there have been a lot of incredible advances in topical creams over the last few years.

Oh. Uh, your tugboat's going to be okay. He just needs an oil change and a new steamstack.

There's nothing I can do. Little fella's just... lost his will to live.

I mean,  she spends most of her time sobbing and eating her own excrement. 

The new Prime Minister doesn't live in this part of Canada. He's in Ottawa. 

Have you heard of stem-cell research?

This shampoo should take care of it.  Use this in the shower. Your scalp may burn a bit afterwards, but... it should kill... every last one of them.

She's dead.

You know, I have a 50-year-old Alzheimer's patient out in the waiting room who can't even remember his family, but... let's forget about him and focus on how sarcastaball might be damaging people's brains.

The hope is that someday it might. 

I'm afraid Super Nanny is in a deep state of mental psychosis.

Okay, great. Chase, could you stand up and pretend to be a stupid-ass blind liberal?  And what makes you angriest, Chase?

Yeah, well for God sake don't touch your eyes. I'll prescribe some antibiotics.

Hmmm.

Well, he's a very sick little tugboat.

Oh yes, I 'm sorry.
Now, there is one more thing.

Okay, what we're going to do now is get to the root of all your anger. Daniel, could you stand up please?  What makes you the angriest, Daniel?

Uh hum. Mmm.  I'm sorry, Mr. Marsh, but there appears to be permanent damage.

Yeeaahh, that's a pretty bad lice problem there. Good thing they pulled you out of school.

Alright, Ms. Sanders, all ready for your abortion? 

Well there... is... one more show you could still try.

We don't know very much about Tourette's I'm afraid. But we will give your son all the help we can.

Your friend has had a severe allergic reaction.

Yes, I'm afraid that your son is suffering from gingervitus.

What we need to figure out here is, are we dealing with maybe a little bipolarism? Some rage addiction? It could be a lot of things.

...On the other hand, Tourette's does often develop later in a child's life, getting progressively worse.

I'm sorry, son.  Ms. Cartman, could I have a word with you?  Ms. Cartman, I know this must be... very difficult for you. I for one can't stand red-haired, freckled kids, but you need to understand, there is no cure. Your son will be ginger his whole life. You might want to just... put him down.

Good-bye, friends! Good luck with the new Prime Minister! And remember to watch out for Scott! He's a dick!

Well, believe it or not, some lice can actually attach themselves to flies, and then wait for the fly to land on someone's head where they can reproduce. And then the lice that live in your head now were probably all born there.

You sure you don't wanna take your jacket off; it's pretty warm.

I don't want you making her upset.

Nurse?  This is to go to Alder's Labs for stem-cell research.

He's recovering, but there's been some trauma to his brain. The boy says he's been hearing imaginary voices.

Isn't there? Isn't... there?

Surgeon general, I believe I know why this is happening. I have found a direct correlation between the anger, and T.M.I.  Anger equals length times width over mass squared minus angle of the shaft plus yaw.  Look, we all get angry, but when someone is consistently angry or always finding new reasons to be angry, it means they have a very very very very small dick.

Well that's very strange.  Hm, I'm gonna try somethin' else.  Look at these two pictures. One of them is an ad for Kevin James' new movie The Zookeeper, and the other is a turd in a microwave. Which one is the ad for The Zookeeper?

There we go, little buddy.

What if I were to tell you that I think you're fat? I think you're a fat little boy. I think you're waaaaay too fat for your age. Does that make you feel any anger? Huh, fatty? Jelly-belly? You got jelly in your belly you little fat fuck? You get a little flash of anger when someone tells you you've got tits like a 40-year-old woman? Fat boy?!  Huh?! You like that, shitty-titty jelly-belly?!  Oh yeah, he's a big boy!! Get that fatty some mud flaps for his ass!! Big old jiggly fatty butt!!  ...Huh. Well, I just don't see it, Ms. Cartman. Your son doesn't seem to be triggered by anger at all. In fact, I'd say he's one of the more even-tempered children I've ever seen.

Your son is suffering from severe dementia. He claims that the ghost of a dead friend talks to him. This is usually a sign of schizophrenia brought on by some tragic event in the child's past. I think it's best that we take him to the mental center and do some tests.

I want to congratulate all of you for making the effort to come to anger management class.

Mmrs. Garrison, you can't have an abortion.

What the hell are you talking about?

Good. You're gonna feel a little pinch now, Butters.  Don't worry, Mr. Stotch. Whatever traumatized your son in his past, we'll find it. 

I'm sorry. Your son appears to be losing the battle. I'm afraid that the hemorrhoid has spread to his lungs. Normally, the body would fight the infection, but he's... he's just... given up on life.

No, it's not. Eric, I'm afraid that we've accidentally infected you with the AIDS virus.

Well, that makes sense. You see Stan, as you get older, your eardrums, taste buds, all that stuff develops and changes.

I don't understand it. He's not fighting the infected hemorrhoid at all. It's like he... like he's lost all hope. Well if you'll excuse me, I've got more tests to run. 

