D'ahhh, sexual harassment, boss?

D'ah, it's an analogy.

Why sure it is, boss.

Dahh okay boss. 

Well we wants ya to play it, don't we?

Dohoho, oh boy!

Dohh boy! 

Darrr, oh boy, what are we gonna do, boss?

Duhh you always hated Jimmy, boss. Ever since he whooped you at soifin' last summer camp, he really took it to you good, haha.

Gee that was a close one, huh boss? They almost had me saying we were gonna kill Jimmy.

D'uh I don't know, boss.

D'ah oh boy!

Dahh whattaya mean, boss? You said to swim in the water and to blow the whistle. I swam in the water, so now I'm gonna blow the whistle. 

D'ah we're gonna get Timmy killed in the race, huh boss?

Oh boy oh boy! What are we gonna do to him, boss?

Dahhh I got me a shark whistle.

Aw yeah, don't mind me.

Dahhh, this map leads to the scavenger hunt?

Doh, dohhh, what kind of surprise uh?  Oh! It's a snake.

D'I was gonna show him how to play the solo, boss.

Yeah?

Aww, dah, jee whiz boss, we're gonna kill all the Blue Team and Jimmy, huh? 

I got it, boss. Switch the map. Switch the map. 

D'aww gee, your idea to have Handicar expand really worked, boss.

Hey I got an idea! Why don't you guys just make your cars cleaner and nicer, and try to be better to your customers so that you can compete with Handicar's popularity in the marketplace?

Dahhh I've got it boss. I blow the whistle and make the shark come and bite Jimmy's legs off.  Then he bleeds to death. He's gonna bleed to death. 

D'awww, we don't like camp, boss?

No, you told me to switch the map, switch the map, so I switched it, and I switched it. 

Dahh okay. It's real easy. You just play it like this. 

D'oh boy!

Oh boy, we're gonna ruin Blue Team's chances, huh? We're gonna break their legs or somethin', boss?

D'uh maybe if they're that incompetent we shouldn't be tryin' to save their jobs. Maybe Handicar is a kind of economic natural selection, where the more diligent workers are weeding out the useless ones. Drrrrr.

D'ahhh, you sound like that Matthew McConaughey guy. "Ah I drove a Lincoln before I got paid to drive one. Drrrr." 

D'ahh you told me to put the explosives under the seat of that fake soft-spoken douchebag that everyone loves!

Dahh I don't think he's playing the right note, boss. The C4 aint gonna go off.

D'ah hey boss, it seems like every time you come up with a plan it kind of backfires on ya. If you really don't wanna go to summer camp so bad, why don't you just tell your parents how you feel?  You know, tell 'em you don't wanna go and just see how they react.  Wait wait, I got it.  Shut up, Mimsy!

D'ah oh boy! We're gonna wreck Timmy's business, huh boss?

Dah how come we're scavenger huntin' now, boss?

Dahhh okay boss, a shark-mating whistle. We're gonna hit him over the head with it, huh boss?'

Doh, sorry, boss.

Oh boy, what are we gonna do to him, huh buss?

Dahhh you sure got it stuck it to you this year, boss.

Dahhhoh boy!

Dah-oh boy! We're gonna get Jimmy killed by Indians, huh boss? 

