"...Article 36, Section 19: One panda may not make sexual comments about another panda's appearance. If said panda does make..."
I'm afraid the law states that the school must be held responsible.
I don't have to sit here and listen to this! How would you like a big panda punch in your puss?!
Well, when one little panda asks another little panda to perform oral sex, that is sexual harassment.
"The first party of the first panda may sue the second-party panda unless that panda was said panda aforementioned panda."
Hello, cubs. I'm "Don't Sue People" Panda, with an important message for you! Lawsuits damage our society. I know it's tempting to make money, but just remember: that money has to come from somewhere. And usually, it ends up hurting a lot of innocent people. So, until next time, don't let frivolous sexual harassment lawsuits ruin our schools. Good-bye now. 
And when one little panda puts his furry little willy in another panda's ear, that makes me a very sad panda.  Now, I'm going to pass out these booklets, and we're going to go through each and every sexual harassment law.
Seems all I do now is cause trouble.
Who lives in the caves 'neath the willow tree?
Sexual Harassment Panda
Did you know that when one little panda pulls on another little panda's underwear, that's sexual harassment? That makes me a sa-a-a-a-ad panda. 
Who lives in the caves 'neath the willow tree?
Sexual Harassment Panda
Who lives in the east 'neath the willow tree?
Sexual Harassment Panda
Who explains sexual harassment to you and me?
Sexual Harassment Panda
"Don't say that! Don't touch there!
Don't be nasty!" says the silly bear
He's come to tell you what's right and wrong
Sexual Harassment Panda
Hi, boys and girls. 
Hello, everyone. I'm Petey, the "Don't Sue People" Panda.
Listen to me: when you sue somebody, it hurts everyone. You sue for money, but where do you think that money comes from? From the schools, from taxes, from the state. From you.  There's no such thing as free money. When you sue somebody, you take money away from parks and schools and charities, and put it in your own pocket. And that makes me a sa-a-a-a-ad panda. 
...You know? You little cubs might just be right.
Well, yes, but that place is for loser mascots that make no sense.
It's okay. I get it. There's no room in the world for pandas. Well, you don't have to worry about me! I'm off to the Island of Misfit Mascots! 
