That's right, Wendy. You see, some of you girls will go on to have interesting jobs and careers.  But all of you pretty ones... won't have to worry about that, because you can marry a nice man. And that's why we have... home ec.
Mantequiila? Mantequilla, come to the living room. We have a surprise for you. 
Or is ti freshen his hot temper with a cool island song?
What are we supposed to do?! Call the police?! And have him shipped back to Mexico like some animal?!  Window. Window.
Kevin? Don't forget to wrap the potato salad in aluminum foil.  Kevin, is that you?
Yeah, I've never been into men. That's why I work out here. Since it's women only we don't get oogled at or feel self-conscious.
The gold plates and the seer stones. Where are they?
We both have to be up early tomorrow, but thanks again.
Oh I can't! I can't! I can't hold on!
Oooh, no, come on inside.  Wait right here, I'll be right back. 
Oh, you show such kindness in such darkest of times. 
Boys! You shouldn't laugh at him! He's handicapped!
Almost. We're just waiting on Mr. Mackey. Again.
Uuuuh, never mind. We brought some food from the Natural Market in L.A.
You don't understand  My little Nishka,  She has nowhere else to go.
Oh my God look out it's a Mexican! 
Oh, would you look at that, honey? Somebody dropped off a perfectly good trash can. 
I just clicked "Agree." I didn't read it! I was in a hurry, you see, and I, I, I didn't know what I was agreeing to!
What are you going to do to us??
Our home is covered in sludge. Where are we supposed to go?
We did, Larry. We looked all afternoon. But we found nothing, no trace.
Tarnation. Why'd you let Murderin' Murphy go? He's a bad man.
Please! Open the door.  They say you are hiding cats.
Everything we supply here is by a quarter-ounce.  One donor, certified, on record.
Excuse me.  Well if that really is your argument, it isn't a very sound one. Women name their queefs too.
I seem to remember a husband, but I think he was lost and never found on Kenosha Pass.
Hey! Weren't you the guy in that stupid boy band, the Ghetto Avenue Boys?
The boy is from a small mountain town in Colorado, sir.
I warn you, Mr. Evans, uh, Tom Morris takes his job a little seriously.
Have you heard of Scientology? It's all based on the book, Dianetics. A lot of really cool people are Scientologist's, like Tom Cruise and John Travolta. Why don't you come on in and we'll get your fun free personality test started.  Let's just find an empty room here, lots of people getting free tests today.  Hey Brian.
Noo! Didn't you see that penis just now?! Eeeek!
Hello, Kenny, I'm Laura Jones, and this is Bob Ferrin.
Oh look at him, darling. He's so happy.
Oh, look! There's a town up ahead.  Smiley Town? That's a strange name.
..What the hell are you talking about?! This whole town is screwy!
Ooh, do you have any tofu or steamed celery?
Okay, the magician has started. Let's get the cake ready.
Today we are going to have a guest speaker talk to us about sensitivity and the power of words.  In a moment you will meet Dr. David Nelson, who has first-hand experience in overcoming slander, because David is himself a little person. Who knows what a little person is?  Yes? Over here?
No es bueno, Mantequilla! ¡No me mi-mires! ¡Por favor! ¡Por favor no mires! 
Oh Steven, I can't go through with this! I have to keep it! 
Well yeah, but does anyone really care about them? 
Please! Don't take me away from my child!
How would you like to be handicapped?! Do you think that would be funny?! You're making him feel bad!
Oh, sweetie, I have no idea where we are.
You see, Mr. Morris, we believe that a panda doesn't really have anything to do with... sexual harassment.  At all.
Okay kids, it's time for our birthday show. Everyone, let's be quiet now. Come on.
You... You agreed to the iTunes terms and conditions too??
Yes, it really made me reflect on that episode and laugh.
The children have started suing adults. They could sue us next.
Hello, everyone. I am Sister Hollis. I was chosen for my mission work to come here to Africa and teach you all about the teachings of Jesus.  Okay then, do we have our Bibles that were handed out freely?  No no, we don't eat the Bibles, we read them.  Now, let's turn to Mark 3:19.  Come on, remember : reading Bible plus accepting Jesus equals food.  Good. Now, who can read Mark 3:19? How about... Marvin? 
Right. I'm with Buck now. We have children together.  Calvin is eight, and little Buck is 13. I just can't up and leave them. I'm sorry.
Uhlarry. Larry-y, you disap-peared. I waited for you to come home for over three days! I. I remember how cold and lonely the nights got. By the fourth day I knew: I had to move on.
No! I love you! I love you back! 
It is our son, Premise Running Thin. He is very sick.
He, he shared a cup with one of the people from China. He has SARS!
Okay, well let's all give a cheer for the Amazingly Randi! 
We don't know! Honestly, I swear it! Please!! Let us go!
...Because now, every time I look at you , I see her!  I have to move on.
Hello, would you like to take a personality test? It's fun and it's free.
Not exactly. That term is actually considered offensive, and that's why Dr. Nelson goes from school to school getting us all to think about what we say. He has two PhD.'s and has published six books! Please welcome David Nelson!
Sounds like a good idea to me. I don't want them to change Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Hey, it was your idea to take the backroads. 
It's my former husband, who I had forgotten all about.
Bueno!  He'll have so much more opportunity here than he ever would in Mexico!  Window. Window.  Windex. Windex, Mantequilla. Paper towel.  Sí, sí Mantequilla 
For instance, we have the Sneezing Unicorn.  and The Resuscitator 
Uh, what are you going to do to us??
Uh, next we have Tom Morris. He plays Sexual Harassment Panda at the schools.
I don't wanna die,  I DON'T WANNA DIE!
Well, in that case, I think we should name it... Hope.
It's Mantequilla. We've tried giving him everything, but I don't think he's happy. Tonight I told him he could do whatever he wanted before bed - wash the dishes, mop up our bathroom - but you know what he said? He said "I need to go home." I tried telling him "your home is here, Mantequilla! ¡Tu casa es aquí!" But I don't think he feels it.
Stonin' to death was too violent. Rather have the sacrifice kill itself.
There has to be a town around here somewhere.
You motherfucker! I never should have married you! 
Mr. President, we need your final approval code.
Oh my God, what's wrong with their heads?!
This is why I come to these things, to get away from L.A. and become one with the more simple culture.
I saw it from across the street. He just caught on fire. 
Mr. President, thirty seconds to airtime. What do you want us to do?!
Take that, you asshole!  What the fuck was that?
"Oy my God, Luke's been hurt trying to save whales."
Look at the way they foam at the mouth, like beautiful suds of beer.
I'm sorry, I'm a woman and women in our time ain't allowed to know the carryin's on of the town proper.
