Girls, I just want to say that I am very proud of you. The way we kept those Persians from takin' over our bar was Les-tastic.
It's okay. There's people you can hire for this kind of thing.
And Mexicans, please hurry. Our girl bar has very little time.
Oho goodness no! Of course I haven't. I mean... really I don't even understand how two women can make love. I mean un, unless they just kinda  scissor or something.
Have you seen how Persians decorate? They will cover that bar in cheesy blue carpeting, white statues and gold curtain rods to the point that you will want to puke!
All right, Mexicans, take the rest of these outfits and see what you can find out. The address is in there too.
Now, come on gals! I can't believe what I'm hearing! We can't just give up!
It's okay. It's time I met this rich Persian asshole face to face.
No wait, wait! That's not the Persians, it's the Mexicans.
Oh my God, this is a lesbian bar?
I don't like being with men! They're perverted selfish pigs!
Ooo, stop giving me that look. Scissoring me with your eyes.
All right. We need you to infiltrate some Persians who run Club Persh. And dig up some dirt on the owner.
If we could get some Persians on our side, we could send them in to try to dig up some dirt on the owner!
Oh, this is hot scissoring! Ohh! Scissor me timbers!
What secret?!  Oh my God, are, are you sure about this?
Girl bar? I never even knew there was such a place.
That's a generous offer, Xerxes, but you see, there's something I know about you.  I know you're actually a woman.
Forbid the transaction! This is happening all over the country, Mayor. Lesbian bars being bought out, shut down, it isn't right!
I guess I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little ...titillated.
No, it's Les Bos!  We... are Lesbos! And as Lesbos, we cannot just stand and watch as one girl bar after another gets shut dowwwwwn!
I hired Mexicans to spy on you! They saw you working out at Curves.
Oh yeah, dyke fight!  You kicked me right in the pussy!  Uh? Oh! Oh, we're scissoring. Oh yeah, scissor! 
Oh, this is wrong! You're another woman; it doesn't make sense!
Did you uncover anything? Are the Persians doing anything illegal?
You know, a long time ago when I first realized I was a lesbian, I felt isolated, confused. And finally I found a place that accepts me for who I am.
We stand and fight! When the Persians come we tell them "We aren't leaving Les Bos."
Oowhat a great place. All the girls here seem to know each other.
That's right. A proud lesbian! And our home is being taken away!
Have you never... even thought, of being with another woman before?
No, this isn't crazy. This... is... Les Bos! 
Lookin' hot, Linda. Wanna go somewhere and scissor later on? 
Sure they do.  Just have to- gel the hair, put on a silk shirt, some gold chains, and tons of cologne.  Persian.
¿Que paso? ¿Que paso? Looking for work? Sí? Trabajo?
Hey, that's a great idea, Betsy. We need somebody working on the inside.
Lesbos! Remember this day! Remember this fight!  Don't give them an inch!  Ow! Iranian faggot!
The hell you are! You can take your blue carpet and gold curtain rods and shove them up your Persian buttholes!
We aren't going anywhere! We have a history here! Persians are closing this bar over my dead lesbian body!
