Dude, it looks like he's been all over time! He must have such cool stuff to tell us.

So it's either deal with all that, or be grounded for three weeks. 

That's not in the script  They do this all the time.

Cartman:' Ey! I don't need to take that kind of shit from a Jew! 

No, no, no, no, we want our money back.

We have come to reclaim the one tape! 

Could you pull over so I can get out?

Kyle, there's peace in the Middle East. They're saying maybe it's gonna lead to peace all over the world. Everyone's really happy. You should be too.

Stan, how would you like to go home and meet your sister?

Dude, why are you so into their relationship?

No, I think that other thing is Rosie O'Donnell. 

Ms. Crabtree, there's another creepy homeless guy on the bus.

He stole ballots in all the swing states so the wrong person was elected President.

It was ridiculous. We have to have a new school mascot and we're supposed to vote between a giant douche and a turd sandwich.

Dude! I found out what a bris is! I found out what they're gonna do to Ike!

Oh, my God! Ozzy Osbourne bit Kenny’s head off!

Ah hi, is this where our Okama GameSphere is?

It's just that... the Book of Mormon says a lot of strange stuff, like that Adam and Eve lived in Jackson County, Missouri.

Well dude, somebody has got to go down!

Dad, you like to drink. So have a drink once in a while. Have two. If you devote your whole life to completely avoiding something you like, then that thing still controls your life and, 'n you've never learned any discipline at all.

Yeah. I used to love these Pop Rock things, and I tried them the other day and I thought they tasted like shit.

That's not a glass, that's a trophy, that you won, for drinking.

Sgt. Stanley Marsh is trapped behind enemy lines. His only chance of survival is to sneak past the Bosnian guard who stands watch.  Sgt. Marsh knows it's now or never. He must make a run for it.  American base is only a few feet away.

Huh? No, we're not actually gonna take that stuff.

He was accidentally delivered to us instead of a sports watch.

Look, can you unpackage them so we only get the channels we want?

Cartman, our parents sent us over there to catch chickenpox from Kenny!

I think we all learned it's best to leave talent to the talented people. 

We hope you can come back to school real soon Mr. Garrison.

Well if I have any chance of getting Kyle back, I have to get people to stop driving SUVs!

I I think it's wrong to call them goobacks because they're no different from us.  They're just humans trying to make their lives better. Look, it sucks that the immigrants' time is so crappy, but the cold hard truth is that if we let them all come back to our time, then it's just gonna make our time crappy too. Maybe the answer isn't trying to stop the future from happening, but making the future better. 

Have you guys seen Sparky, he still hasn't come back.

Come on Grampa. We wanna watch Terrance and Phillip.

So do you know anything that can help him?

We can't do it without him, Kyle. We've already animated him in it!

Goddammit, I just don't want my parents to murder each other!  Can't you see that all we're trying to do is keep our families safe? Look, ah I don't know if seeing couples murder each other on television is gonna make my parents do it, and we probably won't be able to stop them from watching what they wanna watch. All we're trying to do is make it a little more difficult for them. Because cable makes is so convenient. Sure, if they didn't have easy access to their murder porn channels, they'd be bummed out, but it's not just our responsibility to give them what they want. Is it?

Okay, here's the script. But it doesn't have an ending.

Hurry! The commercials will be on any minute!

Somebody's been keeping it a secret. Bono was never the record holder! He's the record!

No, dude, that's not Skeletor, that's Terminator's wife.

Hey uh, I need to ask you a big favor. You, you did a reading on my best friend and uh, well you kind of messed him up.

Why would anyone think this book so obscene or dangerous?

No.  You know what I think? I think this is all an elaborate hoax!  And I think that whoever is doing it doesn't have very much respect for me!  See, the best way to try to motivate somebody is by being direct with them, to be honest with them. I think the whole future self thing is a lie, and lies are never the right way to get your message across.

During the break. Your producer came over, and told Jimbo what to say about me. She told him to lie!

Can't somebody else operate this? I can't really reach.

Yu- you're gonna have to take it home with you, Kyle.

Uh, we saw an elephant have sex with a pig.

How are we supposed to give them to you?

He's right. If Butters is naturally skinny, he'll be able to take the weight off faster.

Hullo, we need to commit our friend, Kyle please.

That sure wasn't much of a zombie apocalypse.

'Ere 'ere, my good wife, 'ere is nothing we can do.

No- Dad, I I really don't wanna get more into it.

Sure. I definitely don't wanna sleep anymore. See you later. 

Ahhh, I think we'll stick with Kyle, dude. You made it across the border, but it did take you... two and a half weeks.

Hey heeey, what the hell are you guys picking on Butters for this time?!

We're kids, dude. We don't volunteer for anything.

Well, of course your parents said you can't go!

Oh cool, is this the new Gersploosh album?

And then Jesus' disciple, Peter, denies he knows him. 

Ee yeah, you must have a lot of catching up to do. But let's rehearse first.

Dude, I can't wait 'til those New Yorker kids play the brown noise and crap their pants.

Dude, please. I might still have a chance to make things work. Please, just go talk to her?

Mom? Mom! You've gotta do something! Dad's trying to be our new school chef.

Dude, maybe we do need to start being more mature.

An ass-sucker. It means you suck ass. You see an ass, you suck it. You're an ass-sucker.

He does feel bad for you, Cartman; he just thinks it's... ironic.

Well, if Cartman is the only one who get it and he thinks he's too grown-up to hang out with us on New Year's Eve, then screw him anyways.

And it grows and it grows, right in your balls, until they have to cut it out!

Butters? Buh-Butters! You have your arm around me! 

Dad, you can't drive! Your license is suspended, remember?! If you get pulled over again, you're gonna go to jail for ten years!

It's just something to kill some time. Like Jimmy said, it's a cool way to zone out.

You guys, close your eyes. Don't look at it.

Yeah, the startup company thing didn't work out.

Not that. Did you actually go to that?

Whoa. Huduh now he's talking like the new kid.

Wait a minute. That's it! I don't get it.

Dude, ah I just...  ah I don't know what to do here.

Not really. Not any more stupid than some of the other stuff you've done.

Hey wait, Dad, are you guys really going away? What about us?

Damn, I wonder how drunk he needs to be to make sweet love to the pig. 

We can't tell you where we got 'em! It's secret ninja stuff.

Eh look, I'm sorry but, we're all kind of busy.

Dude, it was so badass! Our guy slaughtered every other fighter there. And now he's moving up to the real hardcore shit.

Over at the True Value parking lot. There were just these kids we never saw before showed up and they were like, really good dancers and, we don't really understand what it means, but I guess-

Token! Hey, wait up.  I just wanted to say, I get it now. You know, after that "little person" talk at that assembly the other day, I understand how you feel about somebody saying the N word.

Well why don't you go get them and bring them back here?!

You did it, Kyle!  Kyle saved your life, fat ass!

All right.  'Scuse me.  Hello, we are selling magazine subscriptions for our community youth program. Would you like to help young people like us by purchasing a subscription of your choice?

Aw, that hunk of fat--  Mom, will you please ask Dad to come help me build my clubhouse?

I don't think we stand a chance in this debate, 'cause Wendy's leading the other side.

We're playing what I want, and I'll select a different song!

Well if you don't swim in you're gonna die!

But why? Why does a third of the world hate us?

Look, we just want to talk to you about the show.

Cartman just hit the button, and the ship flew itself.

This is hopeless. We're just gonna have to face that the commercialism has been sucked out of Christmas.

Okay, so it's decided. When the clock hits 8:35 we all stand up on our desks, pull down our pants and yell, "KISS MY ASS!!!"

Don't you see, Kyle? I don't get it!  Token, I get it now. I don't get it. I've been trying to say that I understand how you feel, but, I'll never understand. I'll never really get how it feels for a black person to have somebody use the N word. I don't get it.

Well why did you have to involve me??

Because, I don't want everyone knowing, okay? Could we please just keep this to ourselves?

Now, let's see. What about the time we set Mr. Garrison's cat on fire?

Okay, I'll try. I just wish I could write in my room, but Tom Cruise won't come out of the closet.

We don't wanna upset her, we just want to tell her that we're sorry.

Atta boy Spark, get her.  Yes!  Ah crap! Now what do I do?

We'll start on the slowest setting and work our way up. Ready? Go. 

Yeah dude, I totally get it now. I can see how lame I was saying everything was, was shit.

Yeah, and where is he gonna find cats anyway? They've been outlawed.

There. You can tell this is the kid's window 'cause it's got Mega Man stickers on it. Cartman, once you're in the kid's room, leave the tooth under the pillow, then come back out. We'll wait for the parents to see it and leave money, then swing you back in the house to grab it.

Dad, I'm working on my game plan right now.

No, Jimmy, the school is already dumb. We're just giving them what they want.

You don't have to kill Kyle, dude. The police made an arrest. And the person confessed!

But you all thought our name was sweet.

Dude, I think we can do a little better than crab people.

Ugh, bunch of people trying to sell us a bunch of shit.

Okay okay, take the form of something else!

You buy Canadian coins so you have Canadough.

Yeah. He lives about four houses away in the bad side of town.

Apparently it doesn't matter how hard you work.

Dude, you know what we should do? We should all go in on a rooster.

How do you guys make them so yummy?

Dude, you should just go be with Wendy and be happy.

Hi, Mr. Lu Kim? Uh hi, it's Wing's agents. Everything's fine, yeah, but we're supposed to arrive in Los Angeles in about four hours. Listen, does your wife ever eat? Or anything?

Alright alright. But right now we've gotta focus on getting those original prints of Raider

The government came and got the quintuplets. No more Cirque du Cheville for us.

Dude! Having no parents is awesome! I'm gonna say my parents molestered me, too.

'Kay. Maybe it'll help us figure out what to do our report on. We have to present it to the entire South Park town committee tomorrow.

Dude, how are we supposed to read an entire book over the weekend and write an essay?

I'm not staying the winter in this room! We just need to tell old people they can't drive anymore!

We just have to try and make the day go as fast as possible so we can get back to GameSphere. 

Yeah, he joined the Super Adventure Club, and they convinced him having sex with children was okay with a little thing that goes whrrrrrr.

Well, at least I have this sweet walkie-talkie Robert Smith gave me.

Ugh, come on guys, we gotta sort this out. 

Dude, that isn't cool. You shouldn't joke about Kenny being dead. Enough time hasn't passed.

It's no trick, dude. My friend and I went to the Super Best Friends and brought him here!

So NOW can we take Kyle to the hospital?

Dude! Maybe you really don't have any rhythm. 

Uh-look, if the Beatles went back and updated their White Album every few years, what would we have now?

There's a health crisis going on, and it's spreading faster than anyone realizes. For a long time we ignored it. Thought it would only affect the poor. People who ate Eggo waffles and Pizza Pockets. But gluten can attack anyone. This is not a time to party. This is a time to get serious. We're calling on everyone to spend this weekend learning about gluten and how to protect yourself and your family. Because we don't know how much time we have.

Mayor, it is time to stop splitting people into groups. All hate crimes do is support the idea that blacks are different from whites, that homosexuals need to be treated differently from non-homos, that we aren't the same.

Yeah, dude, eh, that's why we all need to avoid books and stick to television.

Why would he just invent a story instead of telling us the truth?

Fuck you Kyle, you're a piece of shit!  ...Kyle, I love you.  You're a piece of shit though. Fuck you!  ...I love you. 

Come on, doesn't anybody have any show ideas?

Cartman thinks he can fly off of his roof. 

And... I'm not gonna have a Christmas adventure. 

Shhh. There we go. You're gonna be okay, goat. You'll be back in Afghanistan in about 20 hours.

Four months?? And you never told anybody that you were living with yourself in the future??

Can't we just be like normal third-graders for a little while?

Mr. Mackey, you have to wake up now!

Kyle, Steve was a... pretty good name for that guy.

Dah, that's what they all say. Okay, ready? Go! 

You made everyone else get measured with witnesses; you have to too.

Oh, brother. Let's just get out of here.

All right guys, just like we rehearsed it. You ready Craig? All right, let's jam!

Look, Kyle, the game is still set up at my house and, maybe we could go try playing it again over there.

Dude, is he here every year like this?

Uh, thanks. So, first of all, I've written that the brainwashed alien ghosts are actually from a galaxy called Nubanon.

It's just a stupid plant that makes you dumb. Touching it won't hurt you.

No no,  just Ivy Network, A&E, Oxygen, and Oprah's network. All the ones with murder porn.

Kyle, what the fuck is going on now?

Ih it's okay, Mr. Gore, I, I believe you.

Now, that was what I call a sticky situation. 

Hey Jimmy, do you wanna join our bake sale in South Park tomorrow?

Uh, could you just tell Chef we were here?

I'm sorry you guys. My dad is doing a big Halloween promotion.

But what if we want to give somebody herpes?

Not Mr. Garrison, Ma. He really is a sick weirdo.

Lights, please.  And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the fields, keeping watch over their flocks by night.  And lo, an angel of the Lord came upon them, and they were sore afraid, and the angel said unto them, 'Fear not, for behold, I bring you tidings of great joy, for born unto you this day in the city of...David is the Savior, Jesus Christ, the Lord.  Glory to God in the highest and on earth peace, goodwill towards men'And now, South Park Elementary presents the Birth of Jesus

Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait. You mean that this whole thing has just been a way for you to make ten million dollars?

Fine, I will.  There, see? I touched marijuana. I'm not a terrorist, I didn't shoot anybody, and I don't feel like doing more drugs now. No big deal.

Wugh, dude. I can't wait to just go back home and get back to band practice.

"...and after killing the entire Vietcong Army, they returned to base camp.  Once there, they rode the Devil's Drop roller coaster  and ate cotton candy. And ultimately, Ned got the Purple Heart for his courageous defense of the log ride.  So was the horror of Vietnam." The end.

Oh no, no no no, come on!  Excuse me, ma'am.

We shot all those videos and sent them in.

You like... how they smell? How they taste?

Ah, hold on.  It's some negotiator named Mike. What do I do?

Ah, we're just passing through to see the new Prime Minister.

Alright, Dad, I'll add Grandma as a friend.

Shut up, fat ass! I don't even like her!

We're not being sarcastic, Dad! Is it so hard to believe that we really enjoy a sport that has no violence? Is it so hard for you to believe that when Butters says "Competitiveness can be compassionate," he's being completely sincere?

No, no, he said not cool. We got our new teacher today; it's, it's Mr. Garrison, our old third grade teacher.

It's... it's the greatest show of all time.

I heard you all had some difficulty with a criminal getsin' out of your jail.

This is the dumbest thing you've ever done, Cartman.

I was doing "red rocket" to make the dog's milk come out.

Maybe he'll actually learn a lesson this time. 

Dad, I did all my chores. Why can't I play with my friends?

It wasn't just me. Other kids called him a fudge packer, even Mr. Gar-

We're not being grandpas! Your guys's stuff is just seriously lame! Our generation's stuff is cool!

Look I just don't want to, you guys. Honestly, it's not that big a deal.

Yeah, but that was when we thought we were gonna get in trouble, asshole! 

...Wait. Mormons actually know this story and they still believe Joseph Smith was a prophet?

Uh, well, Bible, Wrath of Khan, what's the difference?

Yeah, dude, we'll show you. They're over at Kenny's.

Look, kid, we just thought it was a bad movie, so tell us how to get in touch with Mel Gibson so we can get our money back!

Wendy, I thought my life was going in a different direction and I just felt that I, I really had to give it everything I had, you know. I had I had to focus on one thing.

The key to us being the first ones inside is taking over the Red Robin before Black Friday starts.

Dude, I didn't walk away! I turned 10 and everything he wanted to do seemed shitty to me, so I-!

Well howdy there, strangers.  Sorry to interrupt ye, but I done come from Pagosa Springs to buy me some wares an' sich..

We wanted to see an alien planet or something.

Smog? There's never been smog over South Park before.

You can't just come to a Civil War reenactment dressed up like General Lee, fatass!

Good dog, Sparky. Who's my best buddy? Who's the boy? Who's the buddy?

You see, I learned something today. At first I thought you were all stupid, listening to this douche's advice, but now I understand that you're all here because you're scared. You're scared of death and he offers you some kind of understanding. You all want to believe in it so much, I know you do. You find comfort in the thought that your loved ones are floating around trying to talk to you, but think about it: Is that really what you want? To just be floating around after you die, having to talk to this asshole?  We need to recognize this stuff for what it is: magic tricks. Because whatever's really going on in life and in death is much more amazing than this douche. 

No, you're both coming. Do you care about Christmas or not?

Men, I want you all to know that as President of the Confederacy, I am hereby surrendering.

I have to give him half my stuff?

Hey Dad, how come you never told me about Joseph Smith?

Aw, stop it, you guys! I know all about Motivation Corp.! All I've been trying to get you guys to do is admit that you lied to me!

You know, when all the whales and dolphins in the world are gone, people are gonna wish that at some point they had taken a little time to care just a little goddamn bit! 

Well, I guess I'm sorry that I was ignoring you and stuff.

No, I think voting is great, but, if I have to choose between a douche and a turd, I just don't see the point.

Well, I guess we got a while to wait before we have to worry about sex and diseases, huh, Wendy?

Hey, look everybody! The other side of the aquarium is building another statue! 

Listen up, everyone!  You don't need David Blaine to tell you how to live. See, cults are dangerous because they promise you hope, happiness and, maybe even an afterlife. But in return, they demand you pay money. Any religion that requires you to pay money in order to move up and... learn its tenets is wrong. See, all religions have something valuable to teach, but, just like the Super Best Friends learned, it requires a little bit of them all.

No, you can't do that. Our dads are there.

Uh excuse me, but, what do these toxins look like?

I'm gonna bag Scuzzlebutt. Then we'll see who's the little bastard.

No! Dude, please! This is my best friend's iPad!  Noo! Okayokay, okay! Their names are Bruce, Tony, and Curt

What's the one thing I told you?! That I didn't wanna get sucked into Facebook! This is all your fault!

We're gonna try to win those Terrance and Phillip dolls again.

Yeah, dude, your family is so rich they have their own pool table.

Oh- oh yeah. God- Goddamnnit, hold on a second.  Okay. Now look, dude, I'm getting out of here, and you're a dumbass if you don't come with me!

Ohhhh Token. Right, yeah, you're makin' a smart move, man.

None of what that Homeland Security guy does make sense, so could you just fly us home, please?!

No, he's not gonna melt away! That's Frosty, you stupid butthole!

So, I'm watching the season premiere of Boy Meets Boy on television, and then Queer Eye for the Straight Guy comes on, right? So I fall asleep in front of the TV, and when I wake up, I see that I've spilled the Coke I was drinking all over my satin pajama top.

Well, why don't you just ask them to leave?

We have someone who's ready to go on TV right away!

I mean, I see the way you two are together and I don't wanna be in your way.

Yeah, you don't even know anything about Christianity.

I don't know! All I know is Kenny is in jail for at least three months!

He can do really cool stuff with his voice. Show 'em Starvin' Marvin. 

Holy crap dude, there's a huge turnout tonight.

I served my country! I fought for two years in Vietnam.

Ugh, What's funny about having our private lives hacked into?!

Oh, hey dude. Terrance & Phillip is just about to start.

Yeah, don't you recognize us? We're Britney Spears' kids.

Man, did she really throw her voice with two dummies at once?

Don't worry you guys. I'm sure our parents are freaking out right now trying to find us.

Wow! We can say "shit" in school now?!

Wow, this is is pretty nice. 
Feelin' good on a Monday.
Got my space, all the freedom I need.
Yah yah yah
By myself, yah yah yah

It is lying, Butters. Your parents lied to you and my parents lied to me! Get it!

See, Ms. Claridge, when we were little, we used to play with our wieners a lot, and one game we played was "Fireman."

That's nice, guys. We're just gonna stay out of this one. 

But I'm completely miserable and these people can help!

I don't know, dude. I've never seen them before. 

Ah, excuse me everyone! Uh, we're not working on the ladder anymore. Thank you, we're done. 

Where am I supposed to get a gun?

Whoa, smells like you slaughtered a cow in there Kenny!

...Dude, we cut firewood all day yesterday! We have enough to last twelve years!

Uh, we're gonna throw rocks at cars later on, and we thought maybe you'd like to join us.

Yeah, with him on our team, we don't stand a chance.

Yeah, I practiced last night! Just shut up and play!  No no, you know what?! Screw this!  I'm not playing this song! Why did you pick this stupid song?!

I'm not going to school like this! What will all the other guys say?!

I wish Kyle was here.  It just doesn't seem right without him.

Dad! Tom Cruise won't come out of the closet!

If we read, are we gonna become like that guy?

Dude, can you loan me twenty bucks for a new jacket?

I'm writing a song about the importance of hybrid cars, so maybe people will change their ways.

No! That we could use the brown noise to get back at those asshole New Yorker kids.

Nono, you guys gotta see Funnybot in Hangover 3. I'm telling you, it's his best work.

This is just the beginning. I bet we start to see all kinds of offers comin' in for Token now.

What the hell are you waiting for, Cartman?

No! Chef wouldn't give up on us. How many times has Chef gotten us out of trouble?

Yeah well, I guess a lot of things... change, don't they?  Bwaaaagh! Bwaaaagh! 

We've got to learn how to do that, dude!

Oh... Wait.  Actually, I was wrong. You see, Kyle, I learned something, just now. It is good to go with the group. A group mentality is healthy, sometimes.

Hey. Hey, you can't do this.  We've, we've been through all this stupid emotional crap!

Oh man, I feel like a total choad.

It'll have everything. Jesus, Santa. And when people see it, they'll just HAVE to get in the spirit. All we need is three hundred dollars for our budget.

I'm beating off the dog. Red rocket, red rocket. 

Why?? Because you're playing with people's lives! You're turning people's problems into entertainment!

How much is this going to cost us?

Somebody is at the head of all this, and somebody needs to pay! All I want is some Goddamned retribution for my Goddamned grandpa!  No! Not a diamond-and-gold necklace! 

Dad, we're not allowed to add anything to the car that doesn't come in the approved kit, remember?

Oh, we will! This is America! And in America, if something sucks, you're supposed to be able to get your money back! Come on, Kenny! 

Okay, I need help.  There is something different about me, you guys. I know the game is stupid, and it actually isn't even fun anymore. I don't understand.

Token, you don't wanna see us guys lose to girls tomorrow, do you?

Pirates don't worry about the law! You guys said you were badasses!

He feels guilty for doing it and for letting someone else pay for it.

Dad, what are you doin?! You have to get started!

You guys, you guys! Chef is going away. 

I'm sorry. My dad is taking professional sarcastaball really seriously.

I'm so sick of hearing this music everywhere I go!

We're trying to find out exactly what Kyle agreed to.

You guys! It's Kenny! He's been arrested for prostitution in New York!

Come on, let's go to Main Street and support one of those stores. 

Dude, you are right, Cartman. Your uncle Roy has a sweet boat.

Dude, Jewish people don't celebrate Christmas. You're supposed to sing Chanukah songs. 

...Well, it's not like you suddenly have to pee, you're gonna get out of the shower.

Hey kid, you're pretty good. How would you like to join our dance troupe?

What a dumbass. Our band is way cooler than his.

We're gonna take before and after photos, and then, when he gets skinny from eating your food, we'll show the world.

I don't know, meh, maybe he can't help it.

Dad! You can't leave me here! These guys are total Melvins!

You have to make love down by the fire, that's what Chef always says.

Aw come on, it was just a little pee, Kyle.

Guys! Guys! Guys! Don't you see what we're doing? Jesus... we're not talking about an object here, we're, we're talking about a person. I mean, look at what we've all become. All this violence and anger and, and for what? For control over somebody's life who... w-we're all just trying to leech off of.

Mel Gibson is fucking crazy dude!  Wait! There's his wallet! 

What do you mean? Is he a red mage or a green mage?

They chased me from the mall! I don't know what they want!  They're coming in! Dad, open the door!  Dad?

Butters, you just don't really fit in with us here. We think it's best for all of us if you for friendship opportunities elsewhere.

No. Sir, there's been a biiig misunderstanding. We actually aren't a Peruvian-

That, that lady said it's because fag still means homosexual in the dictionary. So we just have to convince the dictionary people to change the definition.

Hey, Cartman! Did you bring us money from your mom?

We got a package from the kids we sent dollars to. They sent us something back.

We think this may be our friend's fault.  He gave one of the homeless twenty dollars yesterday-

Mr. Jackson, you can't do this! This is not your body!

Cartman always makes stuff up, Ned. You can't believe anything he says.

Hurry up, Kyle! This place is coming apart! 

Well, why don't you tell the governor yourself?

Yeah, and then those Terrance and Phillip dolls will be ours!

No, it's on the 'en or the 'ay. 

Huh, I don't know. Chinpokomon just doesn't seem that cool anymore. I'm gonna go kill some ants or something. 

If we go on Nightline, the whole country can hear about what's happening to our classic films.

No, no, there's seven of us. Kenny's soul is still trapped in Cartman's body, remember?

Dude! You're a big fatass, and your mom's a hermapholite!

Hey, Tweek, you're in this just as much as we are!

Eleven o'clock is great. Thank you.  That was easy! I just have to go to their office and they'll help me figure out how to get back at my parents!

Mom, Dad! Did you see? They found a man from the future!

Yeah, we don't see what the big deal is.

Come on, let's go home. I can still make it in time for the game.  We can work on making you not gay together.  Sparky?

It all just happened so fast. The next thing I knew I had a Nike commercial.

Dude, it wasn't actually and dolfin and a whale who bombe Hiroshima. It was the-

Dad, maybe we should just take out the thing you put in the car an-

They said they were heading to the big party at the community center. You have to stop it. My friends are in trouble.

Well look: he spent the last three months with that adventurers' club. Maybe they know what happened to him.

Kyle, you know how some people are, like, murderers and stuff?

Oh sure. Until the Native Americans decide they want that land, too! What if the Native Americans just keep building their casinos and their highways uh, until we have nowhere else to go?? We have to stand up to them now!  Rrrgh! Forget it! Come on, you guys! 

Oh Goddamnit no! I just got that because Kyle-

Guys... guys...  Look, I really think it's time for us to do something. This is all getting way out of hand.

Uh hey Dad. I need to talk to you.

Wha, What about, not holding anything against the person who wins?

We're gonna charge the front door and go get it.

Hey guys, guys! Don't pick on Butters! That's not cool. You can't do that. Bullying? Did you know that in America, hohoh,  over 200,000 students every day are afraid to come to school because of bullying?  At South Park Elementary we're better than that. Come on. Let's all put an end to bullying. Right now! Five Six Seven Eight!

I don't want to go to this stupid party!

All right. Kyle and I are gonna take our positions up front.

Dude, please wake up! You're a grown man in a psychiatrist's office! 

Oh boy. Uh, all right, guys, over here? Come over here.  We've got a lot of work to do and not much time to do it in.

We can go watch Terrance & Phillip in the kitchen.

But if we watch it, we could fall under its spell, too.

Did you get to any dirty parts yet?

Yes, and I'm Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederacy.

I guess we'll just take all of 'em.

What do I have to learn?! This isn't fair!

Dad, I'm not addicted. I can stop. I just like playing it, but I don't have to. I'll prove it.

You saw all those people trapped on their roofs?

Shut up, Cartman!  Sure, dude. I mean, since we have to write a paper on a film anyway. 

But I thought you meant the Son of God!

Are you kidding? I think we'd rather stab ourselves in the head.

Dude, I'm not putting on ladies' clothes, and I'm not playing Charlie's Angels! You guys are Melvins, and I'm not one of you! So you go ahead and be Melvins, and leave me alone!

What? You mean, we're stuck here listening to this crap? 

I was with my new friend, Big Gay Al. He showed me his Big Gay Animal Sanctuary, and took me on a Big Gay Boat Ride, where I learned all about the wonders of gaiety.  It's true, I'll show you.

Tom Cruise locked himself in my closet and he won't come out. 

You can't keep us out forever, you fucking fat ass! We'll be back as soon as Kyle's hemorrhoid is better!

Well, nobody seems to know, but we think it's because he drank Kenny's soul four weeks ago.

It wasn't me Uncle Jimbo, it was my evil genetic clone.

I'm not playing games. Mel Gibson is right behind you and he's gonna- 

Come on. We'll go out the back so they don't see you.  There's just one thing I need to know before we go: you weren't responsible for 9/11, right?

I did not! Those are rumors put out by people who are afraid because they don't know the secret truth.

Dude, we're not gonna get any attention with that name.

Yeah dude, we, we know what it means.

The whole town's pissed off at each other.  It's really sweet.

This says "maximum."  Oh my God, we've killed Kenny!

Yeah, I gotta admit. You really came through. Thank you. I thought the hangover black went really nice in the lobby.

Oh, but we're not gonna rip on you for being rich anymore.

Jesus, all we are asking you to do is bring Muhammad to our town for like an hour.

More and more of us are against this book every day! The author is cruel and offensive! And for these reasons, we demand this book be banned from all school, stores, and libraries! This book is nothing but smut and vulgarity purely for the sake of smut and vulgarity!

Hell no, dude. Then we couldn't watch you on TV.

But why would Jesus want a rabbit to run his church?

Alright. Now all we do is wipe out the last note on their sheet music, and change it to the note Cartman played.  Come on.  There.  That should do it.

Hey, he- Is that the only song he'll dance to?

Alright, I'll add you as a friend. I'm sorry.

Yeah. We just gotta keep finding teeth and putting them under your pillow. 

That wasn't a dream Cartman, those were visitors!

He was the disciple that Jesus made into the first pope.

I have it. I have the question.  Now you have to answer me once and for all! How come I haven't gotten my period yet?! 

Dude, if this guy's goin' to hell, who's gonna save us?

Uh, sure, and we'll also try to free Hat.

We're the ones you told to get Internet money.

Just go talk to her an, and be poetic. Tell her she's my Muse-no! Tell her,  tell her...  she's a con-tinuing source of inspiration to me.

Oh, no! Nothing's worse than Cartman with authoritah!

Stop it! Stop it!! First it was terrorists, then George Bush and global warming and now you're all blaming crab people for something that's very simple! It's MY fault. I broke the dam. 

Come on, show us how long you can hold your breath.

Oh the Japanese wanna play that way, huh?!

He's right, dude. Things were a lot better with our parents around.

Yeah, you must be thirsty after eating 60 mints. 

Uh so, do you know how to cure SARS?

Well can't I just return it and get the money my dad put in back?

If you signed up three friends, you got a free iPod Nano. 

Beside, maybe our sound would have gotten downloaded for free, but if they were good songs then people still would have bought tickets to see our band in concert. 

Dude, what the hell are you doing, Kenny?! This is the day we were supposed to throw cow turds at cars together!

You said we're free to leave whenever we want

I knew it. I knew they wouldn't play it during the first commercial break.

Wait, I think I see him. Yeah, yeah, he's here in Goldshire.

Your little brother's having a party? Why, is it his birthday?

Look, all Grandpa wants is not to be talked to like a child. I think half of what he was angry about wasn't what you were doing, but how you were doing it.

Oh, yeah, we got baseball practice today. God damnit!

No, I found a self-help program that can cure me.

If'n you all was to have such a giant safe, what would you villagers want the number to be to unlock that thar jail door shuckamuck?

Maybe it's the hand I smoked that first joint with. Here I go. I'm gonna do it.

Relax, dude. What's the big deal? Think about it: if your grandma knew that she could help you, even in death, she would want to.

Detective Marsh. I'm in charge of this investigation!

Kenny, you go out there and tell us what you see.

Give the print to us so that we can protect it from Spielberg and anyone else who wants to alter it.

Where do handicapped people go when they die?

Yeah, so it would be really cool if you would let Marvin and all his people come live here.

Why do you do what you do?! Do you know that ninety eight percent of the world is against whaling?! Why can't you just stop?!

Alright, well, let's just watch the Lion King. Cartman's cheating anyway. 

Kyle, I think you'd better get home and get some sleep.

Yeah. The statue wasn't a miracle, Dad. So that means you did it. That means you didn't have a drink for five days all on your own.

Yeah, dude, but guys just do that. We rip on each other and stuff.

You guys, there's a frozen ape man from the past down here! Send some more rope!

Uh hello, we're here about the revenge on our parents?

Dude, that's not extreme enough! My parents aren't gonna learn their lesson from having some crap smeared on their walls! I want them to see what they did was wrong! I want them to have them to admit that they lied to me!

Yeah, maybe that dead fetus makes her smarter.

Nono, uh it doesn't matter what price you put on anything! Your only chance to right the wrongs you've done, and repay all the elderly people whose lives you've destroyed, is to kill yourself.

"Really? You're gonna make us all listen to it again 'cause you couldn't understand? Really?"

Uh yeah, I want a double cheeseburger and fries.

And eleven if you count the two family members that killed themselves afterward.

Kenny's right. We should download some Judas Priest, too.

That's bullcrap dude, let's go get our money back.

I can't tell you unless you pay for a few years of audit counseling! All I know is that I was depressed before, and now I found meaning!

I can't see him like that, Kyle. All those hoses and wires. He's a kid, dude. He's s'posed to be running around and laughing.

Whoa, Cartman! Looks like you didn't get much sleep last night.

I didn't think I spent that much. I, I clicked on a few micropays and it just kinda added up.

That's okay, I... I changed my mind. I'm... gonna stay.

Mom, Dad, you're not gonna send them back, are you??

Look, who's to say the roosters don't wanna play? I mean, they were goin' at it pretty hard.

And so we're putting all the best dancers in South Park together to beat Orange County.

After all the things he said to us, he can go ahead. 

It doesn't matter, you guys. There's something a lot more important here.  Do you guys remember when we first decided to start a company together? We all had a common goal. And we weren't gonna let anything stop us from getting to the bro down. But somewhere between starting up and selling out we... we lost our way. We can't do this on our own. We need each other.

Well um, it does sound like a pretty sweet movie.

Oh really? Oh, okay, uh where are you located, please?  Great, uumm, can I come by tomorrow?

I know!  I really wish if my grandpa wanted to give me something, he'd just give me the money!

All right, look, you're driving in your car, okay? And you're waiting to make a left at a traffic signal. The light turns yellow, should be your turn to go, but the traffic coming at you just keeps coming. And even when the light turns red, a guy in a BMW runs the red light so you can't make your left turn. What goes through your mind?

Yeah. You don't know 'cause you're just a third grader, but, take it from me,  you're driving everyone crazy.

Get off the stage, Phil Collins! We want Timmy!

Yeah, well, I just couldn't sit around while my dad was locked away. I love him and he needed me.

Uh, on Steven, on Fluffy, on Horace, on Chantel. Uhh...

For someone that we love who needs us and that we refuse to bail on!

Mom, Dad's food sucks and kids at school are starting to get pissed at me!

Dude, wait, wait, ho- hold on. Wait a second.  This is gay.

Okay. Let's just hide her here, and tomorrow, during the Halloween party, we'll come back in our costumes and use her to scare the fifth graders.

We'll take the bus! Look, this isn't about the eighteen dollars ticket money anymore. This is about being able to hold bad filmmakers responsible!  This is just like when we got our money back for BASEketball!

Dude. You're not supposed to tell people what to get you for your birthday.

So what are you going to do with your crappy robot life now, Bill Cosby?

Oh dude, I should have never touched that marijuana!

They talk way too loud, they flip out for no reason, and every time they act like selfish assholes, they just go, "Oh, it's a Jersey thing. It's a Jersey thing."

Whoa! Mr. Mackey and Mr. Hat are fighting. 

That does it! I'm sick of you guys arguing about The Passion! I'm out of here.

Oh my God, look!  Martial arts weapons from the Far East. 

Yeah. I'm gonna see my friend, because he needs me right now.

The bar! They've got a TV at the bar!

Just have a good Halloween, you guys. And Kenny?

Yeah, let's see if anyone has even shown up yet.  Dude, there's like a thousand people in there!

Well, yeah, or we could just kill him.

Kenny, no- ohhh! Awww.  Awww, now we lost two in our study group!

Please, Sexual Harassment Panda. People listen to you. You have to get them to stop suing each other.

Yeah, dude! It's a Jewish tradition! It's called a circumstision!

Then you saw what Lucas and Spielberg did to him!

Uh sure, here she is.  Okay, finarry everything rookin' up for me and my family.  Welcome to Shitty Wok, take your order prease?  Aw crap, Chinese Mafia!  Aaaaahh! 

Yeah, when does Mother Nature go from beautiful to ugly?

Okay, okay, let's ditch school and go find him.

I just read that the day shopping networks make most of their money is on the day seniors pick up Social Security checks? Kill yourself.

I just... called Cartman a name- he's a, he's a silly goose.

Well-h. I mean, you're not... you're not like as good as Leonardo DiCaprio, but you're okay, I guess.

Yeah, it'll be awesome. Just the four of us.

Why would God let Kenny die, Chef? Why? Kenny's my fr-f-f-friend. Why can't God take someone else's f-f-friend?

No, no, you're the ass master, there's a difference.

All right, now we have to switch over to Interbus 65. We made it dude.  We should be home in less than eighteen hours. Then we'll tell everyone what we saw.

Yeah dude, I'm- I'm starting to realize that it's like the easiest job in the world. You know, I mean, we could do that! 

"On the morrow"? What the fuck is wrong with Kenny?

Oh, but that's the problem! Those goobacks are taking our jobs!

Hi. Uh, the school called and said we all have to start going to class again.

Well, don't worry. We came over to cheer you up.

I will. I will get everyone to drive hybrid cars! I swear it!

But, Kyle and I always play together. We both chipped in for the game system.

I I realize that to really be a church, we can't charge people for help.

Fine.  But someday you're gonna have to stop running from what happened and start dealing with it. Otherwise, you might as well move to France with all the other pussies. 

Oh, stop it, Dad! This is partly your fault!

As a matter of fact,... I think it is the nicest hat I've ever known.  Come on! 

Well it's not like we're nice to him. I mean, we rip on him all the time!

Come on, Towelie! The guy said you have the security system in your memory banks.

We're going tomorrow night! Cartman's got the bus schedule all figured out!

The PS4 has a touchpad interface. You never listened. I told you I thought the PS4 was better, but you never wanted to listen to me, Kyle. You just had your head so set because...  because that's how XBox people are.

Well, what can I do to get back my money-?

Dude, a self-hating Jew? You are becoming a stereotype.

No buts, Wendy! I wish you were dead! 

No, not the song. I'm talking about the Japanese killing whales and dolphins.

Sorry Cartman. We like Evil Cartman better. See ya. 

Well, this was a great meeting. Wasn't it, guys? But, we gotta get goin' to school now.

Mr. Garrison, can I ask you a question?

"Wendy Testaburger has proven time and time again that she will do anything to pleasure her vagina. Whether it is the school football team or the janitors on their break, Wendy spends her time as president on her knees or on her back taking the old in-out for hours on end"!

You mean in the before time? In the long, long ago?

Dude, do you really have to do it?

Yeah,. We're never gonna take you ass for granted ever again.

All right, do we promise? We have to swear to each other right now we'll never become this. 

No, my grandpa gave to me as a present. But it's worth so much I reel really bad accepting it, so I just want the cash.

You don't pay tax dollars, Cartman! You're eight!

What the hell?  Shelly I need to use your cell phone.

Dude, let's just give up right now and accept that we have to be Cartman's slaves.

I wish we could find a way to get back at those New Yorker kids.

He's not done for, he's standing right there.

Dude, you're gonna get busted for taking this thing.

More ginger kids. Um, meh-maybe we should just go home.

We might pass him off as our pet.

Mom, you know, those people in Beaverton are still trapped in the flood.

How?... When all the things that made you laugh, just make you sick. How do you go on when nothing makes you happy? 

Station One: Jesus is condemned to death by Pilate.

Cartman, trust me.  We don't want any part in this one.

I think I'm going to name it Gorak.

Yeah, and we just- you know, we, we just can't turn our back on him.

Oh, come on. You guys need to realize that Faith Hilling is over, okay?  You can pretend all you want, but it's not coming back. 

Dude, I really don't think it's smart, Cartman. 

...Oh Jesus Christ. If that big CAA talent agency finds out she has work, they're gonna try to steal her away from us again.

I said, "I can't wait to own a fishing tank."

See? Everyone on the Internet copies their music from their CDs, and then we can download them for free and play them on the computer!

I'm not collecting friends and I'm not building any farms! I don't wanna get sucked into this!

Yeah. Yeah, I think I'll write a little note for Roy. 

I, I just... Two people close to me are having gender identity issues and I'm, I'm confused.

I just feel that somewhere out there, there's a perfect startup company name. And I need to be free to go find it.

We're sorry Chef, we had to do it!

There's nothing else I can do. She was my whole life.

Oh whoa, wait a minute.  What did I do wrong? I haven't even talked to Wendy for weeks.  

Mister Prime Minister, Japanese officials, there's something you need to know. The photo you were given of the Enola Gay was doctored. Because the real bombers feared retaliation so badly that they... simply pointed the finger at somebody else. My government has authorized me to give you the original photo, unaltered, so you can finally know the truth.  Dolphins and whales were just framed by the real bombers.  A chicken and a cow.

Well then, why didn't he give me what I wanted?

Then join us! We need people to help us be the first 20 inside the mall!

(voice rising) Dude, Jewish people don't celebrate Christmas!

Yeah. But what about Kenny. His soul is still in Cartman's body.

Dude, I'm gonna tell my parents to get me that John Elway doll with the karate-chop action.

Aaah, I was just thinking that maybe you voted a little... hastily on the cutest boy?

Alright, we're gonna have to use this truck. Come on, guys. 

Dude, they took my Dad away. They even shot one of his fellow hares. And now they're after me!  Do you know anything about Easter? What is the connection between Jesus and rabbits and colored eggs?

That's right.  But they didn't say anything about going in the back.

Damn, recess sucks without any slides or nothin'

Uh, I guess.  Okay, you, you can let me out now.

We're not staying in class another minute with those queermos!

But they're trapped now and nobody's helping them!

I don't know what the hell that is...

And she's at a hotel in our town. 

Well then maybe you should go live with Jaden Smith, Dad.

Why were those other rabbit guys chasing me?!

I think it's part of a Cheesy Poof. 

We really had spent the whole spring break watching TV and playing Xbox, you know, so, we, we wanted to go out and do something really adventurous.

Come on you guys, I have an idea.

It's true, dude. Maybe we just need to trust that our parents won't act out what they see. 

Dude, girls volleyball isn't a joke. Jokes are hard and require skill.

Yeah! That's it Kenny, you can't trick-or-treat with us anymore!

You guys, I think this is serious. There's something really wrong with him.

What? The state tap champion is from here? Who?

What am I supposed to do about it? 

Hey, I wasn't Kenny's worst f-f-f-friend!  Cartman was! 

Could you just buy a couple anyway? Our friend Chef is really--

Okay, so what's the most romantic thing I can think of?

Normally we go to Chef with our problems, but wuh we can't this time.

...Dude, we've been friends a long time. Can you just tell me why you like Cartman's farts so much?

I think we're at the Sunset Room at the Airport Hilton.

Sorry, dude. I gotta go meet Wendy Testaburger.

Aw, the hell with it. Let's go home.  Thanks a lot, Bill Clinton!

Not at this you don't! What about that creamy filling you talked about? That gooey goodness inside you that makes you the butteriest Butters we know?

The addict people said something about me filling a hole.

Yeah, they told us in school that everyone but terrorists love America.

W-what? Mel Gibson? You're saying we have to get our money back from Mel Gibson?

Huh-I'm not so sure this is a good thing.

...That doesn't make sense. You guys are just buttholes!

Wendy's going as Raggedy Ann, and she said this way we'd win the costume contest for sure.

Dude, we gotta find some third-graders to beat up.  Hey, come here 

Sign, sign everywhere. SignDone something to my mind.

Visitors are real. They...  Wait a minute. This has all happened before.

I can't let them do it.  I've got to make the ultimate sacrifice. 

Kyle, you're supposed to tell Cartman he's being racist or something?

I don't know, like, learn about art 'n music and go on field trips and stuff.

You dumbass Cartman, it has to look natural, or else we'll all get busted.

No, I just... I think bullying has gotten out of hand. And it needs to be stopped.

Dad, you've gotta do something! She's out of control!

Uh, we'd love to hang out guys, but we have important secret work to do. 

What?! But you made him into a basketball player.

Look, you guys, maybe it's not all that bad.

No. Dad, we don't need school anymore. We're forming a startup company.

We told ghost stories, a-and learned how to make a tornado in a glass bottle!

Come on Wendy, Kyle's mom will make us tuna fish sandwiches.

That's different, dude. You're like, my girlfriend. Bebe's just... I don't know. She's just cool. 

Couldn't evolution be the answer to how and not the answer to why?

Well dude, they are taking people's jobs away.

Dad, you're drunk! You're not driving a car!

You know, I learned something today.  I learned that Jewish people are okay.  And that...Channukah can be cool, too.

How much do we get if we work for you?

Well, I guess we can't get in to see the mall manager.

…So remember, Shelly's the one with the big wire coming out of her mouth and a metal plate on her back.  When you see Shelly, kick her ass.  Shelly bad, Shelly very bad.

Oh my God, they've killed Kenny! ...Sort of.

No, dude. America may have some problems, but it's our home. Our team. And if you don't wanna root for your team, then you should get the hell out of the stadium.

A pond? Hey, maybe that means Stark's Pond.

Maybe it won't be like before, but... at least it'll all be new. And that's what's gonna make it so that I can keep going. For the first time in a long time, I'm really excited. 

Dad, Dad.  Mom wants you to come home.

Hi, Ms. Claridge. Uh, we have s-something to tell you. 

Wendy, why is it such a big deal?

We know. You're the one doing it, Butters. Who'd you think we were talkin' about?

Yeah, but seriously, it's like there's no real thing to hang on to, you know?

Well, get your ass out of bed!  We have to go deal with that home-school kid!

Dammit! You know, I think that if parents would spend less time worrying about what their kids watch on TV, and more time worrying about what's going in in their kid's lives, this world would be a much better place.

We'll stay in this room with these baby cows for as long as it takes! 

No, we just fake it to shut him up.

How come you couldn't just go home, dude? That's all we had to do!

Butters, listen. There's gonna be a competition this Saturday, and we want you to join our troupe.

No- Dude, we really can't take any more volunteers.

Because I had an itch up my ass.

So it wasn't unanimous. Maybe you can just change the list.

What, oh I don't care, I'm cool with whatever.

That's it, dude. We've gotta take the spooky fish back to that pet store.

Here, Kyle.  We've been through a lot, but, you can finally see where you really are on the list. 

Jesus Christ! Alright, Butters, you take this medical book, and everyone follow me!

Come on, guys, we're getting to the bottom of this.  'Scuse us.

It's all right. Let's go straight. Now turn left. Okay, now go about ten steps.

Because Lorde is my dad, alright?!  Lorde is my dad.

Because, dude. We could make them do really gross stuff, like eat bugs.

Aah, we're always running late you ugly stank.

No it, it's not. And, y-you can't just go around saying stuff like that to people like my dad. He He's kind of, a hypochondriac

Hello, Mrs. Landis. Would you like snow-shoveling service again today?

Please, can this wait? A big story is about to about to come out on Eavesdropper and we have the only way to stop it!

No thanks. I wanna return this Margaritaville, and the guy at Sur la Table said that you were the company that financed it.

No, dude, everyone's checked. I think Cartman really ran away to Somalia.

Okay, I'm gonna pretend that a dead person is talking to me about you, okay?

Dad, no! I'm gonna tell Mom. Go back to your other job right now!

Cartman? What the hell are you doing dresed up like an Indian with a bear necklace?

We showed the shocking footage to the principal!

There could be a helicopter. Maybe one will fly overhead.

All I can say is I'm glad the Germans are back in Germany and nobody's pissed off at us anymore. 

Start one. Then we're gonna put it out.

So? Dude, don't you guys care? We have to do something?

Pungent crotch sweat. Pungent milk- milky crotch spooge.

This is it. The end of innocence.  This is the loss of that playful youth all our parents told us about.

I thought albums win either gold or platinum.

Mom, Dad, how come there's suddenly no money?

Uh, hi, Jesus. I, I have a dog, and he's a- he's a homosexual.

That's probably okay if you spread it out.

Yeah, well killing little helpless baby cows should be a crime, too!  How does this thing work, Cartman?

Dude, aw! Who's using the flak jacket cheat?!

It's some kind of parental conspiracy. Our parents are trying to kill us or something.

Come on guys, the day is wasting away. What would be something really cool we could do?

Yeah, dummy, you have to get a nurection.

So... Dude, what are you gonna do about your bet with Cartman. Are you- gonna pay 'im?

Don't you care that I'm depressed?! What if I become suicidal, or, or become an alcoholic like Grandpa??

Yeah. She said your shoe came off. It wasn't your fault

What does it look like we're doing, Butters? We need a tooth, so we're using Timmy's wheelchair to pull out one of Kenny's.

Agh, that shitty game? Who plays video games to listen to a bunch of characters talk and press the X button?

I don't think so dude, I got the pre-nup power-up.

You guys, is it that much dumber than video games you play?

Just stop it! You people are so full of shit!

Stan, when was the last time you saw somebody drive a Hummer?

Yeah?! Well there's an old Hindu saying: "Whoever smelt it, dealt it!"

No! We can't keep track of when you pizza and when you French-fries and when the hot-shot asshole skier takes your girl or if you're supposed to race him the first time or train first to beat him on the really difficult mountain so you can save the dorky but hot girl's youth center. Skiing sucks! 

Yyeah. We have a videotape that's in the finals for America's Stupidest Home Videos, and... if we win, we'll give you - 3000 of out $10,000 prize.

Excuse me!  We're sorry to interrupt, but we've got bad news. 

Three four five one Colfax Avenue. Come on, Butters. 

We just have to face it. We're not gonna get Kenny back and we're not gonna have our shopping spree. It's over! 

No, it all worked out, right? The world was saved and I went home for Christmas dinner.

But I don't understand why we have to--

Look, fatass: after you die and get resurrurected, you'll have all kinds of superpowers, just like Jesus.

Help me chip some of the ice away.

Chef, Kenny has a picture of two green things sucking each other's shoulders. 

Look, pal. This is very simple. All I want to do is return this fish.

Excuse me. Could you tell me what the hell's going on?

It's gonna be rad having Cartman be our slave.

All right. Then let's just ignore him. From now on, let's not talk to him, let's not even acknowledge him.

Yes, I have a suit that needs to be dry-cleaned. And pressed, please.

Come on guys, we might as well go. 

...I'll give Kyle my kidney, even if it hurts a whole lot; I don't care.

Dude, we totally got let out of school.

Well, I mean, that's what was on the news.

Well, look. he said he's happier now. Maybe he just needs to rest up a little.

Dude, you survived all this time on the fat stored up in your body?

Three of us can sleep while one keeps watch. We'll shift every couple of hours.

Dad, how come Wall-Mart is able to sell everything so cheap?

Hey, remember when that kid found a wallet and got a reward?

We're gonna get served on Saturday, aren't we?

There's noo doubt in my mind that if we don't get Towelie help, our entire summer is gonna be ruined! 

Our whole town, gone. We'd had such great times here. 

God, they've replayed this one like eighty times now!

Hey come on guys.  We have to go to the mall and tell Santa Claus what we want for Christmas.

I missed you old pal, you really had me scared.

Jeez, they made that into a movie already?

Whoa, I don't take drugs and worship Satan! That's lying!

Fine, I give up! You wanna stay in New York?! Then go ahead! 

Yeah, dude, the best dancers South Park has to offer.

Irene, there's no way we could let you here, and I'd let you something informal like that.

Chef, what the hell are you doing? We almost starved to death at lunch today.

We can't do anything. Kenny still hasn't come out of his seizure. 

Well, here we are, dude, the first day of fourth grade.

I'm still really confused, dude. I have no idea what that was about.

Come on, Kyle! We're giving you a makeover! 

Come on, Kyle. Let's get out of here. 

Yeahyeahyeah. Look. We've gotta know about corporate takeovers tomorrow or we're screwed.

It's acting, Cartman. You have to pretend you're really scared, then the Mexican staring frog will look you in the eyes, then you fall down, like you're dead, okay? Ready?

Look, you guys might be fine with being outcasts and hanging out with Scott Malkinson, but I'm not!

But we have to teach our parents a lesson, Butters! We're running away! Help me find the perfect place to run away to! 

You look a lot bigger than the last time we saw you.

I'm sorry, but I don't understand. You both have dark hair and brown eyes.

And besides, too much use of a dirty word takes away from its... impact. We believe in free speech and all that, but... keeping a few words taboo just adds to the fun of English.

My friends told me I was crazy,  that I was wasting my time.  But my cause is to stand my ground.  When others sat, I kept my bracelet on, because I stand...  for standing.

And finally, I couldn't hold it in anymore. I said "Stop it!"

You're making that up!  Miss Aliton, what's it mean to get a period?

And best of all, we met this kid named Jimmy. He's disabled, but he doesn't let it ruin his life! He's awesome!

Don't get cancer on the ladder, Cartman! You're gonna fall off and break it!

Trying to find my dad. He's supposed to take me to the board game store.

But what do the police do to them?

Oh, my uncle Jimbo has a ton of those movies in his dresser drawer.

Haven't you guys ever seen these movies? We're just supposed to rally together, believe in ourselves, and we win in the end.

Yeah. I never noticed that before. Maybe she's actually cool enough to hang out with us.

That's sick, dude! I'm not taking a picture of my mom's boobs!

Well we didn't think we were, but Mr. Garrison has this new assistant, and we're really uncomfortable around him.

But what happens if there's someone who never went through puberty.

Yeah, Cartman, you suck! If you want to play Americans vs. Bosnians any more, you can just play with yourself! 

Dude, you were awesome, Kyle.  Look, y-you gave it your best shot, right? That's all you could do. 

Yeah well I, I just try not to think about it.

Kyle, I was gonna tell you later. Mr. Kincaid thinks I should play with Thad for a while.

Everyone knows that the first graders pee in the community pool.

It has to be you, Butters. Think about it.

'Scuse me, can we have our Okama GameSphere back? We just wanna play video games.

Then City Wok could say their food makes them lose weight.

Dude, we don't remember. It was really long and stupid.

Bebe, you need to go talk to Wendy for me right now!  All this time I've been trying to have my friends do all the talking for me! Now I realize I need her friends to do it! Tell her I love her!

Okay, that'll work fine. Listen, there's a dance competition this Saturday and I need good dancers so I don't get served.

No, I don't wanna talk to you. I wanna talk to the audience.

But then, why does God give us anything to start with?

Hello? We want to talk to somebody right now!

I don't know. I don't know what we're gonna do.

Stop wasting time, Cartman! We have to send one of you back to the evil universe!

Whoever he is, he is one tough badass.

As soon as we get there, we've gotta deploy the tracking device! We can't let those whales get hurt! 

So we have to warm his icy heart with a "hot" island song

That's weird, because I really didn't cut off my hand. It was fake.

You ready Tweek? You ready Craig? Let's get in on!

Because if your Trapper Keeper takes over the world, then maybe it was this Trapper Keeper and not the one before!

Don't be such a fraidy cat, Cartman. This rope will make sure they can't take you on board again.

Yeah. Butters, my parents, now the sixth graders.

Look, they're puking out their intestines, just like the people here. 

But that isn't the point, Butters!  The point is that this is now! It's on! And there are people who need you to step up! Look, nobody likes having to rise to a challenge. But competing against other people and getting in their faces saying "Haha! I'm better than you!" is part of life. And if you can't face that, then you might as well sit here and play Legos until you're an old man.

Alright, Kyle and I are gonna spray paint messages to the Harley riders; Cartman, you said you had an idea?

You can't go to the bathroom, you're stacking sunder armor!

Dude, we can't read an entire book in one weekend.

All right, so how do I join you?

I just told him I thought the Napoleon Dynamite guy is a better actor than he is.

Dude, I have a picture of Mysterion in my locker too.

Maybe there really are pirate ghosts and they took her inside.

The fatass and us disagreed on how to worship the provider. The fatass tried to make us follow his way by making himself the school principal. So we made ourselves the superintendents of school. But then he just made himself the mayor. The town split sides and that's when the Provider got angry. 

Are you excited for your first night of Scouts, Timmy??

Well, that doesn't matter! I learned something from the Stations of the Cross.

Here it is.  It has to be something eh... Wait, what's this?  This expires in two thousand two. Why does he have this in his wallet?

I just have one question, Kyle. At Sizzler when you were yelling "Muff cabbage," what's muff cabbage?

Dude, I can come back later. Is this a bad time for you?

Well, no, that's my pencil box. I need my pencil box.

Now, the first thing I want you to do for us is-

I know! They've come to punish me. All they wanna do is make me pay for comin' to Nebraska in the first place.

Dude, I don't even know who that is.

I don't wanna hang out in the kids' room. I won't know anybody

We should do what we always do. Ask Chef for help.

Oh hey, dude. Did you bring the movie?

Uh, 'xcuse me, we're looking for the Mexican... Aeronautica y Spacia Administrashown?

You got nothin' better to do than try and knock me down?! You can't just say anything you want about people!

Well, I'm glad this lady's on our side.

It happens to be worth six thousand dollars!

Hi, my name is Stan Marsh. My dad's trying to beat your record for biggest crap.

Chef, is it okay to kill your grampa?

I got a new job. I'm finally gonna be able to pay off all the money I owe.

I still can't believe it, even though it's right there in front of me.

Well, I guess nobody else will be getting off the bus.

Alright, guys. Looks like we have a wedding to plan. 

Dude, I don't think I could sing any better than that.

Wow, you learned all this from the fifth graders?

Why? There's nothing but shit on TV, video games are all shit, and the world's a big turd. The only thing that doesn't seem like total shit to me are my friends, and they're all sick. Just, get me a cheeseburger and tell the chef to go easy on the shit. 

Give me a hit. Give me another one, give me another one. 

Oh, no you don't, glory-monger! Gorak is my responsibility. I'll take him to Des Moines!

Boats don't have parking brakes, dumbass! They only have the... oh wait wait. Neutral button! 

Was your dad in Scouts, Cartman? Oh yeah, you don't have a dad. 

It's okay, you'll be in the North Pole soon. 

Whoawhoa, you can't, you can't tell me what to do!

I mean, you're not Gene Hackman or that guy who played Napoleon Dynamite, but you're okay.

No, no, we've just gotta find better help.

That's alright. If you'll all help, I think I have a plan.

Mr. Mackey, go, and face it! Please. So that we can get out of here and find out why we're hoarding.

Parents can be so cruel. Don't they realize that what a child needs more than anything is security?

I think we have to signal them somehow.

Well we have to tell them we used something outside the kit.

Alright, guys. It looks like Cartman's not gonna be able to sled with us for another... 13 years, so in the meantime we need someone to race with us against the girls on Saturday.

Well, it's my friend, Kyle. I think he's really, really sick.

Well but, Dad, all my friends are doing it.

Dude, I asked five different people. They said all Jewish boys have circumstisions, an-and they make it into a party called a bris.

We want to take something to the moon. How much would that cost?

We all know that one day, the Provider will set us free. Make everything like it was in the before time. In the long, long ago.

Chef said he's been bored, so he joining a group called the Super Adventure Club. 

But I don't know any of this stuff.

Well, 'cause then we're just douchebags, dude. Come on, they're right here. Let, let's get hardcore!

Cool, because, there's this competition on Saturday, and I have to find the very best dancers in South Park to be on my crew. My friends can't do it because they suck ass, so, will you be in my dance troupe?

Yeah well, I wanna talk to you about this list you girls made.

You can rip on him, but you guys are hanging out with him. Doesn't that make you think maybe your clout at school has slipped a little?

I know, but there's nothing I can do.

But the monster outside couldn't be Mr. Garrison, 'cause Mr. Garrison used a gun.

Yeah, I must be having some real emotional problems.

I don't know, dude. I'm gonna have to go look in the Bible.

Back down the ramp! It's all rigged to go!

Why don't we just call it "Untitled Startup Company"?

Dad, why is everyone letting old people do this? Why doesn't somebody stop them?

Alright, let's just set her over here behind these boxes. 

Un, I don't think so, Gary. I have to uh... 

Wendy, I have to do something. Please look away. 

So, how'd it go, Clubber Lange? You kicked Mr. Harrison's ass?

We need you to promise not to tell anybody.

I know, but... I think we're really starting to become outcasts at school. We're losing all our credibility. I mean, look at who you guys are hanging out with now. Scott Malkinson, for Christ's sake.

What do you mean? I have I have a hundred dollars.

What the hell is wrong with these people?!

Dude, you're the one who cut him in half with a chain saw.

Don't you guys, um... persecrute our religious beliefs.

And why is it that on Charlie Brown cartoons, everyone talks like this.

Everyone in the country's gonna see that movie. I guess... we have to go see it too.

Hey, man. If she only likes other lesbians, then all we gotta do is become lesbians, too!

Shut up, dude. They're a nice family and... Gary is actually really smart and talented.

Shelly  Somebody is going to kill me, and I can't go to Mom or Dad for help, so, you're kind of the only person I have... left. 

Well, that, I mean, yeah, I mean... I kinda need that. Let's, let's just keep that.

Don't go pointing fingers at me, partner! You have no idea what you're talking about, and it wasn't... 

You see? They need you. This is fate, kid, fate.

Do you have anything besides just animals with four asses?

Cartman, those pictures were taken like, last month.

Just because you have a piece of paper saying you own it doesn't make it yours. We grew up here. Our parents grew up here. We shop at that Wal-Mart, and eat at that Chili's. We take fish from the streams and bread them and freeze them to make fish sticks. This is not just a town, it is our way of life.

Well, I might need it if I every have to, you know, like-

Damn, dude, do you see how much money this place is raking in?

Because it was me. I'm the one who took a dump in the urinal.

Uh, we saw your movie, The Passion, and we didn't like it, so, can we have our money back, please?

Look, it doesn't matter who it is. The point is that everyone else got their period and this person hasn't.

Well at least I'm not gonna die from it like you might! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!

Hey, look. What is Ms. Claridge doing?  Ms. Claridge?

This kicks ass! I'm sorry I tried to change you Spark, I just didn't understand. 

I mean, no. Not to you. Forget it. Come on, dude. We have to finish our clubhouse quick. The girls wanna play Truth or Dare tomorrow! 

Yeah, like, do you think they mind being made to play "Magic: The Gathering"?

Okay okay, calm down, Butters! It'll be okay! 

Do you wanna go have some cake with me, Mark? 

Does this month, November, hold a special significance?

Dude, I think he told us to go fuck ourselves.

Get on the sled, you fat piece of shit!

Heeyy, what do you think you're doing, new kid?

Do you know where he's talking about, Towelie?

He's hiding down in the basement. I I don't know what to do.

Yeah, you wouldn't kill her, 'cause then she can't pay you money! We know because we're in the same business you are!

Hold on to this, Cartman. I might lose it. 

I'm not being a dick, you're being a dick!

Well, did... Elton John sing a song for you?

There, you see? We take the s'more schnapps, and by morning they're all gonna wanna go home.

That's when I realized nobody remembered. Nobody remembered it was me who came up with the idea to go ziplining. Me.

Kyle, you've gotta tell me the secret to Cartman Burger.

Dude!  You're not gonna believe what Cartman has!

From the professional wrestlers we saw in Denver?

You see guys? This is gonna be sweet after all.

That's right! So now you can pay us to use him in your commercials and you'll have your very own Jared!

Yeah, Sexual Harassment Panda. He's the one that started all this. We have to find him!

We didn't lie, Craig, it was a sweet idea!

Yeah, we just have to get Butters' tooth.

Help! We're trapped!  We've gotta get out of here!

Is that the right way, Dad? Dad?!  Dad!

Yeah. And you know? I think I've learned something today, it doesn't matter if you're Christian or Jewish or Atheist or Hindu.  Christmas still is about one very important thing.

We're playing board games, so that Grandpa avoids the casino and I avoid freemium apps.

I know, it's like it doesn't matter anymore.

You see, Cartman? You see what this has done?

Well, I- I guess so, but-  Whoa-whoa-wait, this is all happening a little fast. Can we just slow down? 

Mom and dad are home.  My house is a disaster, you guy- you guys have got to help me.

Dad, we're, we're trapped in Beaverton, We're, we were trying to save everyone!

Mom, Dad, I don't think that guy is from the future. 

Get out of here! I'm done with you!  Mom! Mom!  Get him out of here!  Get him out! 

All right all right, I got it a few weeks ago. Big whoop.

Alright alright, let's just get the goat back to his home!  We have to find this address. 

Dude, dude, that's Ron Zappolo from Channel 4 News! 

So we dip eggs in colored vinegar and a giant rabbit hides them?

It's a game called "Heaven versus Hell." Kenny commands the armies of heaven against the forces of Satan.  Dude, you see what Kenny got?

Let's find out where he's working and go see him there tomorrow.

Okay, when I yell "action", you start to walk this way,  then Kenny's going to pull the plastic frog in front of you, and you have to be scared.

It's a dance-off. We heard you were tap dancing state champion two years ago. 

We went out and got Towelie a job so he could try to pay us back all the money he owes us!  Stupid towel!

Maybe it's Scuzzlebutt coming to weave us into wicker baskets.

But then why are you acting like such fags? I don't understand.

All right guys, come on. Let's go to the next house. 

Well, it's alright. We can still play for  six more hours, and then we'll go play baseball.

It doesn't matter, dude. It only has to last long enough to play Truth or Dare. I'm gonna go get the girls. 

No! They're looking for you there!  Sir, you've got to cancel the Monster Mash.

I don't believe that he's my future self!

Let's just try to sleep. Maybe help will come tomorrow.

But I worked hard on that! It's, it's been really stressful and I-

I wanted to make sure we're not dreaming. 

We keep trying to tell him maybe this all isn't his fault. Maybe the people who made the toilet are to blame for what happened.

Of course! My pet goldfish must be from the evil, opposite universe, too!

Well, uh. We just came by because we have something to tell you.

We have to get her away from all this, dude. People just aren't gonna let up. We have to take her somewhere to just be at peace.

They deserve it for lying to us, dude.

Can't believe we have to go to school!

I can't keep carrying him, dude! I've got no strength!

You guys! You guys! I figured it out!

And so then I put on exactly the same album that I really like a year ago, and it sounded like shit to me.

No way, dude! We're gonna watch Terrance and Phillip all day-- Ey! Get me out of here! 

We can't let Kenny be sent away forever. There's gotta be something we can do.

Don't watch the movie, you guys. It'll be terrible. Close your eyes! 

You know, I think I've learned something today. It's really easy not to think of images on TV as real people.  But they are. That's why it's easy to ignore those commercials, but, people on TV are just as real as you or I.

This new kid, he just keeps throwing things around and... saying stuff aboout his dark prince father coming. He says he wants to talk to you.

I just wanna play alone, alright?! I can't concentrate with all these assholes riding me all the time! 

A way to finally do something good for other people.

The hardest part about it is knowing you can't take it back.  I mean, it was the fifth-generation Nano, so I can't trade it in anywhere.

Mom, can we go try to see the people from the future? I have a bunch of questions I wanna ask 'em.

Eh-excuse us. Hello?  Uh excuse me. Sir? Sir, there's been a misunderstanding. Can, can I talk to you for a minute?

I guess so, but why do companies have to put so many addictive things out there?

...Dude, Cartman Burger? Seriously? How shitty- is that fuckin' concept? 

But our friend Timmy can't really talk. All he can do is say his own name, so he can't really confess his sins. So is he goin' to go to hell?

'Cause I need to know why she broke up.

You were the one that's been blowing off playing after midnight, not playing 'cause you were sick,-

Pff, there's there's farmers in Belarus who are in a life and death struggle. THAT's what should be important!

Hey Butters, those other freak people from the show were just over here looking for you?

We were only four years old at the time, uh. We du-we didn't think about the past coming back to haunt us then. We didn't think and now he's gonna kill us!

Ho-Hold on on guys. We're not sure what this device is capable of. Maybe we should wait until we've had more time to study it.

You have to get me to my friends! They aren't safe! 

And Butters and Jimmy I mean, they're okay but, they're never gonna make it as professional wrestlers.

You guys, I don't think we're in America anymore. 

We should have just left her alone. But we just had to push her.

This is our Peruvian flute band's turf, you got that?! 

But Shelly, it's the Russell Crowe Show! You always said there's nothing you love more than Russell Crowe.

There's a reason they're everywhere, Craig: because they make bank! We just need your money to buy instruments and make some CDs.

Okay, sorry, my bad, e-everyone back in the pile. 

Dude! One of us should make up some disease and get on the Maury Povich show so we can win a prize!

I was at a rally to protest all the immigrants from the future coming in and tryin' tuh- 

Yes, I'd like to make a noise complaint. 

Cartman, you butt-pipe, this is the time of year you're supposed to share.

Dude, I don't think your uncle'd want us driving it.

Man, we should have never crossed that stupid river.

Kyle, knock it off! We're here to find out how to get rid of the homeless, not how many homeless Cartman can jump!

Yes! Yes, you have answered all my questions and I am pleased with the customer service I have been provided!!  You guys? Are you there?

Dude, you're my best friend. I don't want you to die until I do.

Dude, did you do all your homework last night?

I don't know. We, we could start breathing gas fumes.

They don't belong to anybody! Please Mom, we don't want these calves to die.

Kyle. Hey, ese. You wanna come play catch with us?

Look, we're not going in there, so just-! Wait, why the hell am I talking to your hand?  Look, we're not going in there, so just knock it off!

Yeah, and Butters is the star! The movie company wants to do a photo shoot with him so we can make movie posters!

Dude, if Kenny takes Cartman to Mexico, how are we ever gonna win the sledding race on Saturday?

Aw Jesus, Kyle, don't be such a whiny little gaywad! Come play catch with us. 

Dude, they did, huh? Aliens stuck stuff up your ass!

All right, you guys, this is it. The moment is here. We've been through a lot together, and according to every movie ever made, we're going to win this game. Just don't forget: there's a little boy in the hospital who's really counting on us. So let's not let him down. Are you with me?!  All right, let's go win!

That's nice. Look Chef, Cartman's got this eye doctor, see, and he- Girlfriend?!

Oh, dude, what's with all the homeless people?  Sir, could you move a little, please?

Dude, sometimes I think our parents are really stupid.

Pubic hair. He's saying he got his first pubic hair.

You need to see a psychiatrist, Chef. It's for your own good.

Naw, Dad, all the guys are going to Kyle's hosue to watch the Bronco game. Kenny and Kyle's Dads were hoping you'd come.

Alright alright. Let's just try it again. 1-2-3-4. 

What?? I have to share my room with my future self?? Oh no! 

'Cause just, that, that's just the way it is.

Dude, do you mind telling me why CIA guys  are coming to my house and questioning me about you??

Mom? That's what hospitals are for. They, they can make him better.

No, no, you don't understand. There's a nuke. The government is about to level this entire place.

I'm sure you'll see that if you give our world time, it will become even more outrageous and violent.

Please? Do you know anything about the Hare Club For Men? 

Scott Malkinson has a lisp and diabetes! Nobody's gonna let him do a musical!

It can't be that bad. People do it on TV all the time.

Like I give a crap about what you think, Wendy. 

Put down the blue orby thing, Red Skull!

I learned that I'd better get used to having to pick between a douche and a turd sandwich because it's usually the choice I'll have.

Yeah. I've learned not to ask questions. Just dye the eggs and keep my mouth shut.

Mr. Ski Instructor, I need a lot of training, fast. I'm gonna race down the K-13.

Okay, that's far enough. I'm going to go delta.

Oh man, now everyone's gonna know. Why did the stupid Hardly Boys have to be so good at solving mysteries?

Mr. Garrison said that there was no way that you could have defeated the entire Vietcong Army by yourself.

I just want everything to go back to the way it was.

Well, you know, you're always such a dick and stuff, and, and now...

Trent Boyett. He just got released from Juvenile Hall. He was sent there for burning Ms. Claridge, but actually, it was our fault.

Yeah, what's the matter? Couldn't your family afford a costume for you?

Alright, this looks like the perfect place to get some signatures. 

Yeah, you've gotten lame since you got skinny. What's up?

Thanks a lot, Dr. Mephesto. You're the best! 

It's the alien anal probe. It's shooting fire from Cartman's rectum!

No, you give them false hope and a belief in something that isn't real.

But Grandma said I could use this money to buy whatever I want.

That's true dude, didn't you see The Abyss?

Dude, that's not cool. She's got Parkinson's disease.

Hmm. Maybe Ms. Crabtree did make up that stuff about the big black monster. 

That's it? That's how you did that trick?

Mr. Jefferson- Awww!  It's 1:30 in the morning!

Yeah, my Uncle Jimbo says we gotta get up there early. Right, Uncle Jimbo?

This is everyone that wanted to help Kyle??

So if Timmy drops his speed below five miles an hour the chair blow, and if he gets off, the chair blows?

Hey, it's happening again.  It's a ice cream truck. Now do you believe this, Cartman?

Mom, I just gotta do a couple more things

Dude, you didn't tell him Terrance would be there.

I don't think we're female groupies or random sluts.

Yeah, we gotta talk to Chef after school and get him to come back.

I'm sure glad that's over with. Now I can sleep at night.

No, dude, we're n- we're not ungrateful. It's just... none of us can keep the goat.

I have to do this, okay? I have to!

Public reaction was the stunt pulled off by five elementary school students was not only dangerous and disruptive but also completely passé.

Dude, why would the school put up the sizes of our wieners?

We worked our asses off to compete with that?!

Yeah! And we can call it... "The Spirit of Christmas" 

I looked through your stupid book! It's five hundred and forty pages of ripping on Wendy and calling her a slut!

That took us half an hour to set up, fatass!

Look, Kyle, just let Cartman do all the talking, okay? He's better at being in trouble than anybody.

I don't think it's very healthy to sleep with rats.

Okay, here we go.  Okay, let's see. Looks like if we cut here, and here...

Oh yeah? Well, I'm gonna have my uncle Jimbo teach Tweek how to box!

Yeah, and then you can actually hold it like this. Now-

I had no idea dogs made milk; do it again.

How can people say this game is cool? It doesn't even matter what choices you make.

That's impossible, Cartman doesn't know a rainforest from a pop tart.

Dad! You aren't ever going to be a celebrity chef!

Come on, we've gotta find Kenny before he hurts himself.

I just need to explain things.  Hey Token. Look, I don't know if you saw Wheel of Fortune last night, but-

Yeah. Now what are you going to do?

Oh my God, dude!! I just saw Tony Danza!!

Tryin' to help. My dad says to distribute all these guns.

Yeah, we have to stay up all night to write it.

Alright, let's try to score 60,000 points this time. 

You can't have your bris tomorrow, Cartman, that's when I'm having mine.

I just sat there, watching Kyle die and... I wanted to tell him the truth right then and there. But then this... fire rose up inside of me, I... I thought "I can find us a way out!" I ran off and went searching for, I don't know how long. Twelve minutes? And that's when I found it.

Come on, we're gonna have to go tell 'em ourselves. 

So it seems like we have enough people now. When do we start taking down the corporations?

Dude, this is pretty fucked up right here.

I didn't start by saying Peter is dead! I started by saying, "They want me to acknowledge Peter." That could have meant Peter was in the audience or that Peter was somebody's friend, or Peter had died. I couldn't be wrong, see? Now, I can look at this woman and see that she's fairly young, so odds are her husband was fairly young when he died. So I can say something like, "I'm getting that Peter's death was very untimely"

Yeah yeah, that's totally what a fag does.

They found the sea men! It's only a matter of tiime before they find the women, too!

Yeah, yeah I've listened to it. Um, Kyle, can I talk to you alone for a second?

All right, guys. Tonight is our big game against Adams County. We still have all day to practice.

Don't be so sure. Because I'm gonna tell you: this is gonna get ugly. Real ugly. When all is said and done you could all be looking at being grounded for three, perhaps even four weeks. So if any of you guys want out, just say the word now.

Take us out of port! All hands to stations!

My psychosis? Look, it isn't that big a deal, I'll just throw this stuff away.

So let me get this straight: Our Okama GameSphere is back at Tynacorp.

I don't know. I don't even remember what happened.

Yeah, that it, Cartman! You don't get to have any powers!

Well Cartman said he wanted to do the wave pool first, right Cartman?

The stalls were full and I didn't wanna miss recess! I didn't think it would turn into such a big deal!

Dude, can you please just stop fighting with your friend and build another machine so we can travel back in time to the third grade?

We've tried everywhere! Butters, are you absolutely sure we can't go to your house??

Why are you wearing a paper bag on your head?

Dude, that is awesome. I had no idea you could do that.

I don't need this now.  I just want things to be the way they were! 

Cartman, what the hell are you talking about?

Ah, well, we were thinking how cool it would be if you and Terrance got back together for a reunion and-

Dude, we had it all wrong. While we spent all our time trying to make our tean suck, these guys practiced and got really good at sucking. 

We'll do better than that. We'll help you get there.

Dude! He's running off with your Trapper Keeper! 

Look, my friend Kyle won't fly back home to Colorado. All I need you to do is just talk to him and tell him, you know, the whole talking to dead people isn't for real.

I wonder what that thing was that the visitors gave the cows.

Now that Cartman got Kenny's feeding tube out, he's gonna die for sure! 

You know what you guys are? You guys are nothing but mung?

Mom, I was just sleeping. And the next thing I knew-.

But Dad, I don't know how to dance or nothin'.

Excuse me, uh, if you could do us a favor and pleeease just vote for little Miss Jackson? It's really important.

They do know. They know everything I've been trying to do for them.

Tweek and Craig are fighting. We're just watching. 

Does this mean we don't have school all week?

We're sorry! We'll, we'll never download music for free again!

Butters, seriously, if you don't stop this I'll kick your ass!

We must speak with the High Elf of Paragon.

Come on, Kenny, this isn't you. We want you back, dude.

For shocking people who try to give us granola treats, or something.

We're sorry, you are our friend. We need you to help us because friends stick together.

Yeah, I think that was one of our best shows yet.

I'm talking about hiring somebody bigger than Trent to protect us from him. Come on! 

Well... it's good to have that, because sometimes I really wanna brush after lunch, and I-

Your little brother has climbed out of the window. I I think he's gonna jump!

Okay, fine, we'll all stay here, but we're going to sleep now!

Dad, is it possible for someone to be one way on the outside but totally different on the inside?  I mean, can someone identify as one sex but be something else but still have it be nothing about sex?

Uh oh, I have a feeling we'd better get into our costumes again, guys.

...and then we turned the dial, and Kenny went into a kind of hypnosis.

Very well, we shall embark on this quest immediately, father! Come, warriors!

I don't think Kyle really loves Cartman's farts. There's something else going on.

It's just a show! It doesn't have any fucking effect on me, for fuck's sake!

Oh, dude! Did you see that? I cut off your face and ate it!

Do you really think we should go with this guy?

Huh?  Oh wow it is! Hey guys check it out, Tom Cruise is a fudge packer!

Kyle, quick! You've gotta swim over to us!

Thanks for staying after school and tutoring me, Butters.

What are you going to do with it, dude?

One of the creators told us. You have to take your keys over to the television department.

Dude, it's really hard to do your best wrestling when you're up against Token.

They don't just allow them, they have them available at the front. 

Well maybe I didn't want to have an egg with you, okay Bebe?!

Whoa shit. Uhhh, I have addiction demons and I don't understand them.

When you all said you were gonna hand Muhammad over to Tom Cruise. We promised Jesus that Muhammad would stay safely in the U-Haul!

Come on, we gotta get to a TV! 

Chef, I have ...this friend, see? And this person is really bummed out, because everyone else the same age has gotten their period, and this person hasn't.

Look, there's five billion people on our show. You just can't up and cancel on us.

Officer Barbrady, my evil genetic clone is destroying the town.  We have to find him.

It's okay Kyle, It's okay. Hit OK.  You guys go win that costume contest. You can do it. Lift the trophy for me.

Cartman, it takes over the world and destroy all of humanity!

Uh Cartman, I think that's a really bad idea.

What are you doing here, dick?! We're not supposed to fight until 4 o'clock!

No, Mom, sometimes you've got- a left turn.

Kyle? Where are you? I, I don't see you.

Why? What did the terms and conditions for the last update say?

Dude, you just said "ass"! That's a sin!

We won't have to. Butters said he has something in his house that makes baby cows strong again. He's bringing it over.

I don't know, it's- a big scary monster. 

Oh, you're right. Cartman had a feeling of remorse.

Wendy, I know we had a fight, and I did wish you were dead, but, I didn't mean it.

Yeah. It's just a dad and his son.

Come on. Maybe those rock stars will remember Chef. Let's go pay them a visit!

He's part Doberman and part wolf. He's the toughest dog on the mountain.

Come on, we gotta go check on him. 

Well, my friends are worried that I'm showing signs of... "hoarding."

How come they hate America so much? What the hell did we do?

Oh yeah? Well You're not my best friend anymore, either! Cartman is now my best friend!

Well, we've tried everything, Grandpa. What else can we do?

I really, really wish you just would have told me that from the beginning.

Wow, really??  Dude! Dude, Kyle, this guy wants to be our manager!

Clyde? Clyde! Heyhey Clyde!  You didn't finish your essay either, right?

...nnnaw I think it's against the law, dude.

Our moms and dads lied to us about those future selves! It was just a trick to get us to not wanna try drugs or alcohol.

No! Screw that, dude! If we keep letting CAA take all our clients, we're never gonna make it as talent agents!

We're getting out of here. This whole thing has gotten way out of hand.

I don't get it. Why would the pope be holding my Dad hostage for Snowball?

Well, come on guys. If Butters won't even put his balls on his chin for us, I guess we know where we stand. 

Sh shhhh. It's okay, Butters. Calm down. It's not that bad, really.

Wendy, you got to prioritize. What's more important? Being on TV or some stupid assassination?

Well, it looks like we're gonna have to do this ourselves.

Do you mind if I watch cartoons? I've had a rough day.

Yeah, and then you ran through town screaming and started tearing off all your clothes.

I don't know, I- I'm supposed to show these mountain lions how an abortion is performed or something, I... I know, it's ridiculous.

All right, Sarah, come over here.  Now, I want you to describe what the doll looks like to our sketch artist, Kenny.

Throw it here! Throw it here!  Yeah! Nice one, Clyde! 

Why are you guys in here wasting your time? We're supposed to be outside playing video games.

It's because I'm not a lesbian, isn't it?

Kyle, Kenny! I have to talk to you right now!

"That's what you said last time , but obviously we must now resort to more drastic measures" 

Yes. We all hear voices in our heads. It's called "intuition." Get over yourself and tell my friend it's just for fun.

Dad. Dad, you know we can't make the car go as fast as before with only the approved Pinewood Derby kit.

This video can change how people think about bullying! It needs to be seen by everybody, Kyle!

It is stupid, Cartman! You made Kyle lose his faith in God, you fat asshole!

Waitwaitwait, maybe that's where he went really flat, like that half-step key change? Imagina-ation.

Dude, do you understand what's going on here?! 

I said: We're not getting on, you fat ugly bitch.

Yeah, it still hurts a lot, but ...I just realized that there's gonna be a lot of painful times in life, so, I'd better learn to deal with it the right way.  Hey Wendy!  You're a bitch. Token?  Right here, buddy. 

Well, Cartman, you got everybody into this, you have to figure out a way to get everybody out.

What would the priest ...possibly want to put in our butts? 

What the hell do you want from me?! 

You don't even know what you're debating about half the time!

All right, we all need to come up with ideas for our show.

...Aw. Dad, I just really don't wanna pay attention to this thing!

Uh. Since we are so concerned with the corporate takeovers, we went and asked our friends, the underpants gnomes, and they told us all about big corporations.

I think voting is great. I just didn't care this time because it was between a giant douche and a turd sandwich.

Hey, kid, have you seen Kyle? We've looked everywhere and we have to show him something.

Oh, good, you're here. Now let's make sure we got everything. Flashlight...

...Then it's ours. The whole town. It's ours.

Token, my dad wasn't trying to be offensive. Just forget about it.

Yeah, but it doesn't matter, because the bet was that the South doesn't win the war! And the South still didn't win the war, dipshit!

There's nothing special about you, dude. Get over yourself.

I remember this whole thing.  Ike tried to follow you to school. You kicked him, then Cartman told us about his alien dream.

The truth is, I don't deserve this trophy. 'Cause I cheated on my Pinewood Derby car. I used something not in the approved kit. 

Aw, I think he's just kind of pissed off he was wrong about the whole ancient alien thing.

Cult? Scientology isn't a cult, Kyle. I've read all this stuff and it's based on fact.

Alright alright, just tell Cartman who his dad is real quick so we can clone Muhammad.

So what you do, see, is wait for a car to drive by that big pine tree. Then you chuck a rock at it. It's all about the timing. 

And that has something to do with their medicines because...?

That son of a bitch! What kind of sick weirdo is he?

Look, we said we wanted to form a club to protect and serve South Park. We put all this time to it, I mean... What do you guys wanna do, huh? Go back to playing Car Mechanics? Or Laundromat Owners?

Oh, man. 
Dear Kyle.
You have got such a great ass. I could sleep for days on those perked cheeks, let me tell you. I'd like to live with you and wear your ass as a hat for all eternity.
Whoa, dude!

Oohh my God, you got splotches on your neck. Are you using any exfoliating products at all??

Thanks a lot, Wendy! You ruined my Halloween!

It's just for one game. He won't get hurt, I promise. 

It's- it's helicopters! They finally came to help everyone! 

Shut up, Butters, it's your own damned fault.

Yeah dude, that's like the fifth power you've come up with!

Kyle, we are in a house filled with Cartmans.

They've taken it. They've taken our Okama GameSphere.

Dammit, where are we gonna get our fifth member?

So you're not gonna hurt us or nothin'?

I just want people to know that you can stop the Japanese if you have some real goddamned balls

Dad, you don't have to do this! You have the power. You haven't drank since seeing the statue.

Dude, just let him come. The bus is about to leave. 

Come on, Larry!  Dude, why does this happen every time?

So you just- built your store on top of an Indian burial ground?

What do I do? Juggernaut is my long lost brother.  And yet Congo saved my life in Nam. 

Okay, great. Look, I, I gotta get to the stadium, but uh... hang in there? All right? 

I... we... we wanted to bring people together and help Scott Malkinson, but-

So I guess we'll be going now, and live with the knowledge that... you're both kind of sissies. 

We can sneak out of here, get a boat, and go help them off their roofs. That way, I can do the right thing, but still lie about it.

Look, Kyle, Cartman is totally miserable.  Even more miserable than he was before because he's had his dream and lost it.

...Dude, that's not funny if they're missing their son.

Me neither. I'll be dead before the commercials. Wait a minute! I forgot there's a black and white television back at my house!

Look, I'm sorry guys, my dad said he's too busy with the Broncos. He doesn't have time for us.

Dude, having this much money is great! Working for Loogie rules!

They're doing it in the hallways!  Behind the school! 

Cartman, what the hell are we doing at Sizzler?

Will you guys be in our Cirque du Celville?

No, it's a matter of logic! If you're gonna say things that have been proven wrong, like that the first man and woman lived in Missouri, and that Native Americans came from Jerusalem, then you'd better have something to back it up. All you've got are a bunch of stories about some asswipe who read plates nobody ever saw out of a hat, and then couldn't do it again when the translatios were hidden!

Oh, is that right?! Do you even know how to multiply?!

Hey, Elton, if I give you these lyrics, will you write a song for my girlfriend, Wendy?

It wasn't my note, dude. It was some girl's.

It's not fair, Dad! Why can't I be in a boy band?

Look, there's a kid in my team who's got cancer, and, he wants us to win this game really bad, so, could you just... give us kind of a break?

You guys aren't being very nice to my creature.

Did you hear anything more about what happened?

I was over at the new neighbors, the Jeffersons.

Cartman, don't say "use him", you big silly goose. 

Dude, I'm sorry. I've been a shitty friend. I miss my buddy. You were right: Adam Sandler is fuckin' hysterical!

The sea people on Tweek's side just suicide-bombed the Cartman statue.

Yyeah, you know, Mr. Gore, uh, my dad's a geologist, and he said that ManBearPig probably isn't in Colorado.

Mel Gibson is chasing after us. You've gotta go faster.

Dude, Terrance and Phillip is on at 3.

Hey, what the hell are you guys doing?!

My parents don't even believe that she beats me up.  They think she's all innocent and sweet, but I know that she's an evil bitch!

Cartman, how come you weren't in school today?

Look at us, dude. These people are trying to change us somehow. I think it's time we went home.

Listen everybody, those guys right over there are- 

Sylverster Stallone wants Wing to sing at his son's wedding tomorrow! He's gonna pay her four thousand dollars!

No- dude, I told you I can't do that.

So you made sweet love to her down by the fire.

So you guys aren't gonna spend New Year's Eve with us?

I can't wait for Ms. Ellen to see what a raging lesbian I am.

All right. Now we just gotta sneak him into town.

I mean, I didn't mean to help them, I... I tried to stop them!

You?! You think you had a bad night?! I had to hang out all night with these friggin' Melvins!

Ah, thanks. I was really just trying to make it so my friend can move back here so... if you don't mind, I'm gonna try to get a hold of him now. 

There has to be a way to get people on the fence to join our side. 

Alright Cartman, stop ripping on other people to make yourself less embarrassed about the fact that we're all here because of you!

Yeah. I just wanna be a normal kid again. Have a normal life and appreciate what I have.

My parents told me Slash wasn't real when I was five. Jehesus Christ. 

Yes, but this is not a--  Wow, twelve hours? ...Yes, but this is not a normal copy. It's making people act really strange. 

Cartman, I'm the leader of the Reenactment Fife and Drum Squad, and I say you play the flute!

Oh yeah, they're too weak to move.  Well, we've gotta get 'em out of here. We'll just keep them at Butters' house until they can get their strength back.

What? How do you know she has a cat? 

All right, guys, listen.  I saw Nelson in the hospital, and he asked me one thing: he said he wanted us to win this game... for him. 

Dude, you shouldn't have told them that. Now they're gonna find him and cut off his penis!

Grrr! Grrr! Come on out!  Come on, critter killer! Your days of slaughtering innocent little animals are over! Rawrrrrr!  Rawrrrrr! 

How did Eavesdropper get a hold of my e-mail to you?!

Okay, Cartman, you can stop farting fire now.

You're right. You are, Dougie. You did an awesome job. 

My Uncle Jimbo says that after this, he's gonna take me hunting in Africa.

Alright, alright, but you guys gotta see if you can sleep over for the rest of the weekend.  It's Saturday at 2:30 - that means we have... 39 hours to play GameSphere until school on Monday!

We just didn't want the girls giving us diseases.

That's not true. You can't get high off of cat urine, can you?

Oh, Jesus Christ! You've got to be kidding me!

Aww, are you guys doing that stupid Facebook stuff again?

Listen, Kenny, we need to talk about your new girlfriend.

Dude, what the hell is wrong with you??

Dude, I think I just saw a rat!

What if we haven't really done anything that horribly bad in our lives.

All right. In order to make our plan work, we're going to need the pool from Clyde's back yard, Timmy's wheelchair, the Russian government, and all of our skateboards.

'Cause I looked in my parents' closet last night.

I don't wanna be in a stupid Christian rock band!

He's not going to listen to us! We already tried!

I'm trying to make this all right again, but the only thing that can stop devil-worshiping critters is a mountain lion!

A-ah, hi. We're from America.  Uh, we sent you the dollar? Uh, the four dollars? You, you sent us this goat?

Uh, no. I've got a lot to do.

Aaaah, , okay apparently there's been a bit of a misunderstanding. This is a rally to save films from their directors? 

No it isn't! When a father dies, inheritance is usually an issue, and money is something everyone worries about.

That wasn't a dream Cartman, those were visitors!

Dad, what are you doing in Grandpa's extra wheelchair?!

That does it! We've got no other choice! We've got to bust Cartman out of jail!

I hope you can forgive me, too, Mom.

Only a country like yours can breed men of such discontent, Rad Russian. But you don't know what real pain is! PAIN! Like I've known. Abandoned when I was four years old by my parents. Left to die in a cold and dark sewage tunnel!

You can't let me do that? What are you talking about? 

This better have a point, dude. This really better have a point.

Hey, you're the one who screwed us by not losing weight, Butters. 

Okay, uh, Jakov, why don't you just take bunga here and go back to Stark's Pond?

Dude, why would the government attack its own buildings?

"Island Of Misfit Mascots Commune". This must be the place. 

Dude. Craig chooses you. He wants to fight.

I let Kenny down. I'm his worst f-f-f-friend. 

No, fatass! I mean a club to protect films from their directors, so they can't be messed with!

Oh, right. Look, I... I thnk I can make everything okay here. Can I just use a phone?

God-dammit, don't you care that Kyle is gonna die?!

I'll call. I know my mom's credit card number. 

So after Asshole gets his biology lesson, we finally get to go ziplining! 

Yeah, I noticed that too. Did she get a haircut or something?

The gingers and celebrities all want a piece of him. I don't know where we can go.

We're gonna go to save the little baby cows, fatass!

Yeah, he started seeing this girl and he spent a lot of time taking the bus to go visit her. What does that have to do with his death?

I'm sorry I didn't trust you, Kyle. I'm obviously just a crappy best friend to have.

... Well, it's not about the money, it's about the message, right?

Yeah. What the hell kind of carnival company are you?!

Dad, you've got to work! People are dying, dad. You've got to come up with a solution!

Exactly! People don't even know where it is.

We... need a doctor... But we can't go to the hospital. Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait. What about the veterinarian?

Aw come on, look at all this water. It doesn't matter if one person pees in it.

Hey, check it out, dude. Somebody bought the Donovan's old house. 

Alright, give it to me. I'll take it home tonight.

Yeah. He was standing there waiting for you, and he was all like, "Man, Tweek's a wuss," and we were all like, "No he's not, Craig," and he was all like, "Yeah he is, he isn't showing up. He's a big wuss, and he has crooked teeth!"

No. And uh, that's why he sent me here; 'cause he's too embarrassed to come himself.

I'm just glad everything turned out okay, and Barbrady got his job back.

Jesus told you guys not to bet on Satan.

You're eating meat! What the hell do you guys think we're doing all this for?!

Well, at least you got it out of your system.

Look, I went and saw that John Edward guy. He's just a big douche.

A summer without fireworks is like… I don't know, but it's like-- It sucks ass.

No, you don't understand dude. Something's happened. Tween Wave doesn't sound the same to me.

Yeah, but it's all a mistake. He actually didn't read the agreement.

It's up to us, guys. Let's get to the Gulf! 

If she hears him screaming, or comes out or anything, just... stall her. Alright?

Quick, we need something to carry him in!

We heard that you have the person who TP'ed the art teacher's house? Is that true?

And best of all, I wrote that all the Scientologist's should no longer have to pay money to belong.

Those rams can do to us what they will, Mr. Lucas, but we'll never stop trying to protect films. 

Now way, dude. Home ec is for girls.

Dude, are we gonna be like that someday?

Just forget it, Cartman! You don't know what you're doing! 

Whoa, wait wait, we don't wanna just lie about stuff.

Wait. A drop box.  Quick, Kyle, drop the movie in!

Aw dude, crap. All our parents are there.

Wugh, I'm not sure. I would... think that... it's a lot like it was before you were born?

Actually, we hadn't really come to a decision-

E-yes. Perhaps she should go to an asyluh.

You are so a douche! I'm nominating you for the Biggest Douche in the Universe award, you douche!  Son of a bitch. 

Dude, I think you mom's gonna notice that isn't Ike.

But we don't even care about the rainforest.

Stay cool, guys. If anybody can protect us from Trent Boyett, it's the sixth graders.

All right, check it out. Kenny did reconnaissance on the town. The old people have blockades here  and here . The old ladies are keeping watch in towers around the perimeter, and the leaders along with my grandpa are most likely in the Mayor's office.

So, better a PS4 than nothing, is that it? I think we'll take our chances on our own. 

Huh? Wha? ...Oh, oh hello? Who is that?

A lot of the pictures I have of you are kind of outdated, and um, you know, I wanna be able to show everyone how pretty you are.

That's uummm... a hamburger from... that's from, like, two days ago.

But we hate Mr. Twig. Mr. Twig sucks.

Fine! But we'll have the last laugh tonight, artwhore!

I don't know, I'll figure it ou! Jesus Christ!

Then a crown of thorns was placed on Jesus's head, and Jesus was all like, "Thanks."

You know that thing that I kept hidden in the hold in the wall for two years that I've never told anybody about?  You know, the thing that I take out of the shoebox every night before I go to sleep?

Hey, don't take that tone with me, kid! I'll kick your ass!

It's okay. We're the official presidents of the Terrance and Phillip fan club.

Well, what should we do with the two triangles now?

I wasn't talking to you, buttpipe! I was talking to Cartman!

Yeah. You think they rate us just for looks, or they take personality into account?

Uh, look, my dad was here yesterday and ...you all kind of messed him up by telling him he had a disease?

I don't get it. My Dad said as long as nobody gave them money, they'd move on.

No, they'll catch on. Hey, wait a minute. I've got a great idea. Let's make up our own word. We can make up a word, and then use it, ...and then they'll act like they know it, and then we'll bust 'em.

Cartman, please! We have to stop this show! Lorde is going to do something horrible and corrupt little girls everywhere!

I have no idea what you're talking about.

No, what I mean is, nobody really knows, see? But everyone does it. I mean, it's not like everyone else gets to live and only you have to die. Everyone's gonna die. You feel better now?

Alright.  Hey, listen up everybody!  We need to stand up to this new teacher and insert ourselves! Let's all do something radical! 

Come on, you guys. We all have to work on this!

Hey, shut up, kid. America didn't start this war.

We can take the bus to the city. There's super-rich people down there!

Cartman! Cartman! We just got a tip that a doll was found near Fosse's house!

Yeah. Yeah, I think I'm gonna be okay. 

Yeah dude. It's a recreation of the bolo tie worn by King Henry V.

Yeah, dude, our parents are gonna be at the stupid fair all day long. They'll never know what we bought.  I'll get the tonfas.  Those are so sweet.

That...  That's the real egg with Garrison's signature?

Please don't make me go on a choir tour, Mom, please!

You guys, look at this.  It's a wall of ancient drawings. 

Are you still on that dude?! Have you ever heard of ends justifying means?! 

I thought you guys were pirates in a war!

"If you want to know where I'll strike next, read Bumbly Wumbly and the Spotted Spacecraft".

Hey, Cartman, how come your costume has like, nose rings and facial hair?

Uh, sir, we just kinda got blind-sided by the-

Maybe instead of complaining about corporations being selfish, we should look at ourselves. I mean, is there anything more selfish than doing nothing but getting high and listening to music all day long?

Ugh, you know what's really sad?! That this is what matters to people! What nobody seems to remember are the farmers in Belarus! STANground is bigger than me! You wanna tell all those farmers in Belarus it's all bullcrap?!

Wait! Stop! Dad, your old crap counts. Bono never took a second crap to beat yours.

No no, we're not having Cartman jump any more homeless people, Kyle!

Hey, I have a great idea! Why don't we see if Jimmy wants to come be in our Scout club?

Oh, sweet! Your mom's giving you a big party again this year?

When are you going to face reality, Congo? Just because you were raised by panthers doesn't mean you are one!

Stop it, Tweek! We're pretending like nothing happened.

I can't go trick-or-treating! My dad says I have to stay and help with the store! Yes, I'm serious! I know it sucks, Kyle!

This trophy isn't mine, and so I have to give it back! Because if I'm not honest now, then I'll have to keep this lie going forever. And it will just grow and grow. 

Hey, Cartman? How come the birthday invitation you gave me says 'Green Mega Man'?

You wouldn't be a penis-butt, Butters, you'd be famous. Just think about all those people following you around, singing songs to you just because you lost some weight... 
His name is Butters, it's Butters. 

God damn it!  No matter what I do, this kid just won't stop.  And now they're gonna be in a show together? Jesus, it's all over for me.  They'll probably even have a kissing scene. What did I do to deserve this? And what am I suppose to do now? 
Sooooomeooooone's in the kitchen with Dinah,
Someone's in the kitchen, I know.
Someone's in the kitchen with Dinah
Strummin' on the old banjo and go and
Fee, fie, fiddle-e-i-o.
Fee, fie, fiddle-e-i-o-o-o-o.
Fee, fie, fiddle-e-i-o.
Strumming on the old banjo jo jo...
Go tell Aunt Rhodie
Go tell Aunt Rhodie
Go tell Aunt Rhodie
The old gray goose is...
Happy Birthday to you
Happy Birthday to...

Well, anyway, we just wanna let you know. Talk to you tomorrow.

Those aren't toxins. That's the bean with bacon soup he ate half an hour ago.

Well whatever it is, we have to figure it out. I think all those farts are starting to get to Kyle's head.

Dad! You aren't ever going to become a celebrity chef, Dad! Give up on your dream! 

Well, just... you and your friends were the ones saying Cartman needs to suffer?

Dad, do I have to wear this bag over my head the entire time?

This is hopeless. We're never gonna have enough money to win.

Yeah, but he didn't say it in anger or anything like that.

Goddamn, that's like the twelfth time that's worked.

Dude, she's perfect. She only died, like, three months ago, right?

Oh no, dude, he's gonna put me with Wendy.

We told you: we aren't working for another studio and there isn't a plan to sabotage your big night.

We're goin' to church. We've sinned and so we have to confess again.

Okay, let's see. Uuh, oh yeah, there was the time we threw a fish into the busdriver's hair and she didn't find it for seven days.

But then, why me? Why do you need me to write something so badly?

Cartman, will you stop singing Christmas carols? We have to be quiet, or else we're gonna get busted!

Yeah, but it works perfectly fine and I-

Cartman, we're confessing tomorrow in school, and that's final.

Mom, will you get Dad out of here?

I came to ask you one more time to join the crew. Everyone is practicing really hard, but... I don't think we have any kind of shot without you.

...You're gay?  It's fine if you're gay, Butters. I don't care.

...What? That cost my grandpa six thousand dollars. Those are real diamonds on the outside.

Kyle, don't do this. Don't eat Cartman's farts in front of the whole world.

What? Dude, that is not in the book at all!

Damnit! And we thought we were so original!

I told you, I can't stand my future self. I have to do whatever I can to not become a loser like him.

Stan: I don't know what to do, dude. Who should we help?
Cartman: I say we help Santa Claus!

Kenny, you go find Cartman. We have to go sign him up for the bull ride.

Look, it was a gift from my grandpa, okay? And it cost a lot of money.

...Well, we're gonna go work on getting Kyle's dad a nurection. 

So you mean to tell me that even though people fight and argue over different religions, you guys are all actually friends?

We want specific networks dropped from our cable.

"There you are, Jennifer Lopez!"  "You've been most uncooperative, Ms. Lopez."

There's nothing more I can do, Kenny. I've tried everything to save Kyle. Holistic medicine is gonna kill my friend!

So we're just gonna let other kids decide which game system we all play on? What would they do on Game of Thrones? What would they do when things look their darkest?

Dude, we're gonna go duct-tape that Mark kid to the bleachers. You wanna help? 

I'll kick your ass so bad you'll wish you never had it- to begin with! Your ass, I mean.  Wait. 

Because if we don't, we'll seem too eager.

Hey, you guys can't play here. We were here first. 

Alright, I'm nearing Checkpoint Alpha. You guys still there?

You guys have no idea how this feels. It's like, you always hear songs about a broken heart and you think it's just a figure of speech? But it's true. My chest hurts. I feel this like, sinking feeling where my heart is. It's broken...

Why does everything have to suck so bad in summer?

I know Mr. Garrison said that homosexuals are evil, but, but Sparky doesn't seem evil.

I asked you guys to help me and you said no!

Nononono excuse me! I don't understand! How can this stupid thing be worth ninety trillion dollars?!

Could you just hand us some food please?

Have you reported this to any other authorities?

Ohh. Dude, when can we get out of here?

Alright, look. I'll show you. I just need a volunteer. How about you?

We just gotta figure out a way to raise three hundred thousand dollars! 

Yeah. To save our show, all we need to do is come up with the best idea for an episode ever!

Why don't you guys just destroy the heart?

Dude, you can stop faking now. We got a substitute teacher.  Kyle?

Aw, I just feel so rundown. I don't know what's wrong with me. I've got these sores. 

The guards are coming, Kyle. Glue. Glue, damn you!

Getting a cookie. We're building a clubhouse and then we're--

Okay, fine Butters! I guess you're not a team player! We'll bring them to my house.

Bu-but we're not making it up, it was--

Did they find out who crapped in the urinal yet?

You guys, this High School Musical thing isn't gonna go away. I think we'd better just get on board with it.

Now, we have some ideas, and we'd love to hear your ideas, and I think together we can-  ...and I think that together we can come up with a way to get rid of these fags once and for all.

Well, a giant John Wilkes Booth shot Abraham Lincoln...

He's koo-koo, dude. He's absolutely out of his mind.

We don't live in the '60s anymore, you know! We have a black president!

I... said it would really bum them out.

I wrote that um, our followers shouldn't fly in DC-8s anymore because they're too much like Xenu's evil cruisers.

Well yeah, he's got to talk or nobody knows he's in there!

Dude, video games are meant to be played in a living room, not something to watch people comment on!

Cartman, why the hell did you have to commit a hate crime?! We're gonna lose to girls because of you!

Renting DVDs is more ancient than Madonna's boobs!

It's gonna suck. There's gonna be like, new kids there we don't know.

Alright Dad, Gordon Ramsay said you suck. It's time to give up.

Yes we do. We're those little baby cows' only hope. Will you help us?

Hey, m-Murderin' Murphy, you see that there feller?

Look, Pip, the rules are simple. A kid from that team is gonna try to bean a kid on our team in the head with a big red ball.

It might hold the key to a curse.

What's going on? ...Oh, it's that Hanukkah thing.

Aunt Flo isn't from South Park. The pet store could be anywhere between here and Denver. 

Dude, this is pretty fucked up right here.

Does the Mexican space programs have rockets that can go to the moon?

Dude, what did I tell you?! You have to be tough and stand up for yourself!  Mr. Garrett, Mr. Garrett.  This kid wants to join the basketball team. He's really good.

Right. But you're not thinkin' "Oh, he's a homosexual," you're thinkin' "Oh, he's an inconsiderate douchebag like a Harley rider."

Hey Token. I just wanted to let you know that everything is cool now. My dad apologized to Jesse Jackson.

Aw, dude, that was just the fifth graders.

Well guess what?! I'm gonna take this egg to class myself! And I'm gonna hold it up in front of Wendy, and say "See?! I'm every bit as good as Kyle is." 

You guys were right, okay? The new kid's a douche. Now I just gotta find a way to keep him away from me.

No, Dad, we gotta take Kyle's brother to the hospital.

We can't wait in line! We have to be in school on Monday!

Yes, there's something that you all need to know. The truth about the red cow. We have all been  So- sorry, hang on.  Hello?

Did you know your mom was from Jersey?

You really think I went through all that trouble, lying about my wristband and claiming to be something I wasn't, for what, Kyle?! For what?!  This is a witch hunt, dude! It's all that stupid French scientist! He's the fraud, and I'm gonna prove it!

My mom always said there were no monsters, but there are, aren't there, Chef?

Alrightalrightalright. You heard the priest: the first thing we have to do is get you guys all baptized. Come on. 

Dude, she always tries to quiet us down by threatening to kill that bunny, but I wonder if she ever would.

Shelly, you, you saved my life.  And yet, you've done so much more than that.  Today you've taught me the meaning of family.  Sure, families don't always get along, but when the forces of evil descend upon us, we conquer them, by sticking together.  Uh, ahh, oooh. 

'Cause then they'll know we didn't write it, dummy! We have to be original!

Sshh! Be quit. We could get in big trouble for being here.

You guys don't need to be watching that stuff. 

Yeah, but you know? I learned something today. We were so worried about how cool we looked to those New Yorker kids that we forgot: we're already totally cool, even if we don't know what queef means. 

Then it's settled. One for all and all for one! Except Cartman.

Well after all that I at least wanna know if I had a merry Christmas or if darkness rules the Earth.

Dude, these people have no idea what's going on. Let's get out of here.

Cartman, what the hell are you doing with aborted fetuses?!

Don't care. After going through all that crap and seeing what happened to Mackey, I don't want any part of therapy!

Oh man! There's tons of stuff on succubuses, but nothing on how to stop them.

Look, these Russian guys all have blogs talking about this like it's just some big diversion for something much bigger!

Dude, are you still pretending to be a robot?

Hey Dad, how come they let old people drive?

Right, whatever.  I'm taking down the manger I built.  Ah!  Aaaah!  Aagh! Aaaahh!  AAAAAAAH! AAAAAAAH! 

Why'd you have to rub your clit on stage, Dad?

I don't know how you can say that when you're standing here chugging beer!

W-we're sorry, too, Uncle Jimbo. We're sorry for making you look stupid in front of the whole world.

I'm not here for a reading, I just need to ask him something real quick.

Screw this, I gotta get back to work!

Hey uh, you guys want to come over to my house?

But no! I have to get the girls to come-

I know, but you don't tell him that!

We have come to return the weapons we purchased.

Uh, not now, Craig, we we have to be going.

Trent Boyett is being released from Juvenile Hall. 

"Truth?" But that's boring! I want to get "Dare" to kiss her.

Dude, fuck Facebook! Seriously!  What the hell is this?! Podcast?

Yeah, but we can't get a pumpkin, so we can't enter the carving contest!

Awww, not you guys too... Jesus fucking Christ!

After this, you guys wanna hit the hurricane slides?

Dad, did you know that that Joseph Smith guy read the Book of Mormon out of a hat?

I know, and, and I wanna be fair about it, so, I'll buy you out of your part.

Would you just relax? We've been in a lot worse situations than this and come out of it just fine.

Yeah, dude, Tammy Warner. She's a fifth grader.

Nothing! Dude, I bought like $10 worth of Canadough. But check it out, I unlocked the stadium in Toronto. 

You don't come to this country and make fun of it!

Whoa whoa whoa wait, w-what do you mean you're going to destroy all life on earth?

We want three tickets to the North Pole. 

Jimmy, will you go talk to Wendy for me?

Okay, I'll just use an old standard. He saying "the money. Stop worrying about the money."

Oh. Well, serves you right for screwing us over. 

Like... ah, how about right at 8:35 we all jump up on our desks and pull down our pants and shout, "KISS MY ASS!!!" all together!

Cartman, seriously, you need to see a doctor.

Well yeah! The military planes. Come on, goat, we'll put you on one of them. 

I will take it!  I will walk to the video store.

Great. A lot of help you are, kid.

All right, we just need one more person!

Aw dude, this is even lamer than we thought. 

Well, this is just great! We haven't gotten anything done, and we're totally screwed!

Yeah, right! You'll go and sit in front of the TV and eat cheesy poofs, ass-master!

They don't have a fireplace here; we shouldn't be making love yet.

Yeah, it's only in America that somebody can become famous just because they go from being a big fatass to not being a big fatass.

Alright Butters, let's go.  Uh-oh, Cartman's pig.  Sshh, good pig. Good pig. Goood pig. Sshh. Okay.  Come on, we gotta get outta here!  Oh, no!

Goddamnit, I'm not going with you! I wanna stay here!

You guys, we watched Craig's show all night long.

Well, I don't like being around my sister anymore; does that mean I can leave her, too?

Susan92 is a friend of my grandma's and she's 92 years old! 

Yeah, they make you have your puberty quicker. And I'm just here to tell you that my puberty is gonna be bigger than any of you guys's!

What you assholes acted like you were doing? 

Yeah, like we rip on Kyle for being a Jew.

Now we'll never know where that pet store is!

Yeah, look uh, I don't think I can make it, Jimmy.

Dude, can we please just have the eighteen dollars back from you?

I'm sure. It won't be hurting you anymore.

...Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee. Ble-

Hey hey! I'm not taking the heat for this alone! We all wrote it! If I'm going down, somebody has to go down with me!

One of our friends was raped in Peru. It was very traumatic. 

Be cool, dude. I, I think maybe he's a burn victim or something.

Our parents are never gonna admit what they did was wrong, and they're never gonna change! 

No! We're not gonna stop playing detectives! We've just gotta find that doll before thos FBI guys do.

We'd better go over our story again so we don't screw it up.

Butters, I'm afraid things have gotten worse. All the women suddenly think that... queefing is funny.

Just wait. We got Cartman pardoned; he'll be here any second.

See? My dad is the coolest after all.

Jesus Tapdancing Christ, is this thing ever gonna end? 

Shhh! Be quiet, Not-Kenny! The Maury Povish freak show is on.

Hmm. Maybe Ms. Crabtree did make up that stuff about the big black monster. 

Oh, hi, uh, my name is Stan, and this is Kenny.

Well, we couldn't even talk to him. She's so evil. She has him totally kept away from us.

What?? Did you go to your AA meeting?!

Dude, why did you ever agree to suck his balls in the first place.

How come you wanna take home ec., Kenny?

Excuse me, we wanna overnight this goat to Afghanistan, please?

I can't believe it! It's all a scam!

You guys, you guys! Get up! Listen to me! There's a lake a hundred yards down that way! They've got a marina with boats just sitting there!

Mom, do you think I killed that guy? It was the fish! He says I'm next! 

Craig, how would you like to turn that hundred dollars into a thousand dollars? 

We have to appeal to all the students, so we, we need hot girls for the sixth graders...

Kyle's in trouble, Cartman. I can see him getting worse right before my eyes. There might be a way that you... can save his life.

But Mom, all the guys are going to Cartman's Grandma's for the weekend!

Now it's five years later. And Trent Boyett is being released.

If a person vandalizes a government building, is it not because of his hate for the government?

I'm working with the Pee Wee Hockey League.

No, you guys are gonna have a great time! Whenever there's a party, the adults get to hang out and have fun while the kids spend the night locked in the basement eating stale pretzels.

Hey, we worked really hard to get this theoretical money!

Just how many guys' clubhouses have you been in?

If we were gonna have someone in a bear costume, why would we actually have it be Muhammad, you fucking idiot?!

Your turn, Grandpa. If you roll a five or a six, you can kill these zombies. 

We don't want to make it back, we want to stay there.

Hey, wait a minute. You know, you guys should know one thing.  Most people in America are good people. We just try to live day by day, like you guys do. Maybe if you took some time to see all the great things about our country, you'd see... we're not so different after all.

I'm gonna lock myself in here with these cows until we have a guarantee of their safety, in writing.

Kyle went down to play in the basketball game, Mrs. Garrison.

I can't do anything; she really wants to fight you. 

Fuck you, Steven Spielberg! Come on, you guys! 

Dude, where are people getting all the brown wristbands?

You see, Mom, all the kids at school were told to bring a picture of their moms' breasts for anatomy class.

Go on, Kyle, ask 'em for your little brother back.

Look, if you admit that you're only doing this because you wanna be on TV, then I'll consider it! Admit you just wanna be on TV!

I don't know if you're listening, but... I guess I have something inside me that I can't control. Something... kind of dark. Please... help show me the way? 

Are those REAL Terrance and Phillip dolls? They look all crappy.

No, we're not gonna kill it, Cartman! We'll just have to  take the return address and mail it back to the kids in Afghanistan. Come on, goat. 

You should be able to search his username on eBay and see what he's been buying and selling. 

Guys, guys, does it really matter whose idea it was?!

No, I don't think either of us can. 

Why don't you guys take our Cartman back? He's more like you anyway.

Because, I know what did cause the flood.

Where's Kenny? He said he had the best Halloween costume ever. 

Dude, what happened to you? You're a total wuss now. 

Oh, yeah! We're gonna be in the finals!

We can't do that, dude. Loogie will kick our asses.

Yeah. Usually when he ditches school, he still shows up for lunch.

Dude! D'you think if we hit him with a shovel, he'd shatter?

Well, I just got tired of seeing people like Butters getting pushed around, and I knew I had to do somethin' about it. 

Now we need more weight in the back.  No, that's too much! 

Come on Kyle, let's go check out the fireboat.

What? Whoa wait, what am I doing here?

We dug her up 'cause we wanted to scare the fifth graders, but then, something took her body away.

Goddamnit, get the hell out of here, Towelie!

Dude, how is putting Butters' wiener in his mouth getting him?

Hey man, we gotta get home and get our costumes ready. 

Dude, whatever. At least you finally get to do something. 

Dude, I don't have time to start over with other girls. I'm nine years old, dude! If I don't work things out with Wendy, I could be alone my whole life!

We need something that'll get us money tomorrow!

Ah, I don't know if I did or not. I, I saw something, someone spoke to me and... told me the middle-class white way to cure SARS.  Campbell's Chicken Noodle Soup, Dayquil, and Sprite.

I'm not the reincarnation of L. Ron Hubbard. And... Scientology is just a big fat global scam.

...But you couldn't just ask me. Because XBox people... don't care about the truth. They just care about seamless multimedia connectivity.

Wow. I feel kinda bad for that kid.

Swimming lessons? Dude, that is the lamest thing I've heard heard.

Mr. Mackey, I realize this might be fun for you, but it totally isn't for me.

They both look like turds about to be reheated to me.

I saw a movie once where they baked a cake and put a nail file inside of it.

"Bike-curious"! Don't you people keep up with today's lingo at all?!

But you and Mom are family; how come you can just split up?  You know what I think? I think that when you and Mom got married, you became family. And now that you are, you shouldn't be able to leave her anymore than I can leave my sister.

But we have to watch the commercials in this show.

Wow, my dad's the best! All other dads suck compared to my dad!

Come on, it's not that big a deal. Will you just stop resisting and join the rest of us in the future?

Yeah, I know what you mean. Well look, guys, XBox won the console wars, I mean, what are we gonna do? Not play video games?

All right, look, I've been doing a lot of research on the Web and I found an organization who says they can prove you weren't involved in 9/11.

Look, dude!  Whatever happened with those bullies, you just have to stop running and face it! It's just a dream dude! You can control what happens. Stand up to them this time.

(I don't think I like this new law.)

What'd he say?  Oh. Well what do you mean the election isn't the biggest thing that happened this week? 

Can I eat my cake in the living room mom? Please, can I?

Dude, how do you tell if a piece of poo is in trouble?

Right, because he's saying, "Tell her 'Happy Birthday.'"

Guys, guys! We are totally fucked! The book is gone from my dresser drawer. My parents must have found it!

It's just some dumb activist kids' choir thing.

Dude, I didn't realize what I was saying.

L-look, is this a religion? Because my family is like, Catholic or something.

Dude, I'm sorry that I've been bumming you out, but it's not my fault!

Look, guys. I believe in you. Nelson believes in you. Doesn't that count for anything?

Mr. Mackey, you have to wake up! I don't belong here! I need to have my own regression therapy!

Yeah, now you're doing to see how many times you can say Oh Long Johnson. I thought just, you know, try it out.

Yeah, they're not even having them at the lake this year.

Who cares? I'm having more fun on my own.

We can keep going, but we need to start tearing down houses for wood.

Listen, Token, my dad isn't a racist. He's just stupid, all right? He just blurted out the N-word, and it's no big deal, okay?

Dude, when the police wanna know where somebody is, they ask Apple! The only way we can fix all this is by going to the highest authority on the planet! Yo guys, we're gonna have to ask help from... the Geniuses.

Well, I guess we learned somethng today: it's wrong to eat veal because the animals are so horribly mistreated, but if you don't eat meat at all you break out in vaginas.

We're sure to win, Cartman. Then you get your DNA money! 

But, you were, weren't you? Y-you went to the nationals in Nebraska.

How can they even call that a movie?

It ain't bad. You should try reading it sometime. 

Dude, it's Kyle's birthday. We should do whatever he wants to do.

Jesus Christ!  We've gotta get something to shoot 'em with!

Damn it, I guess I'll have to go get him.

...Dude, no way! I'm not wearing Child Tracker!

But I thought Obama won pretty easily last night.

Look. Cartman... he thinks he's gonna be happy because he has his own amusement park, but, he's gonna find out that without other people, the rides are totally lame. I mean, who could really have fun by themselves at a theme park? I'll bet he's sick of it already.

Look, girls don't even know how to sled. Do something else.

Well come on, do you just wanna be bullied your whole life, Butters?  Kyle?

This is my future self. He came during the electrical storm last night and is caught in a time matrix. He's me when I'm 32.

We don't know what you're talking about! It doesn't sound that way to us!

Bebe is our friend. Didn't you all get the memo?

No! We've just gotta convince these chicks that America kicks the ass out of every other country. Come on! 

Well... we can't just let that guy get away with taking everyone's money.

Uh, excuse me. Excuse me, can I have your attention please? What are we doing?  It's been nine days! Doesn't it seem like we should accomplish something?

I know! But we'll have to wait until dark.

Dad, aren't you supposed to like, not drink and drive?

The cough medicine problem used to also run rampant in neighboring Middle Park Elementary. But they took action: ridded their entire town of cough medicine, and what we see now is a happier school, 100% cough medicine-free. 

No dude, you gotta help us find him!

We have to go to Butters' or Cartman's house! We have nowhere else to go!

Dude, you should do that! You should join the basketball team, right now!

She wouldn't quit until she brought home the gold!

Mr. Garrison, we think that the planetarium guy is-

How was I supposed to know Butters was actually a violent psychopath?

Dick! That's a dick talking! You've had too much of Cartman's farts and you got sulphur poisoning, and now you're a dick.

Well, so much for our winning ticket. Cartman probably drank that with the rest of Kenny! 

But then you didn't solve the problem, you just moved it!

What am I supposed to do? Can't just sit back and watch some kid steal my girlfriend away.  I mean, Wendy said she'd never leave me for him.  But what if she just doesn't wanna hurt my feelings? She said he could get any girl he wants, and that means if he wanted, he could have my girl.  This is all so crazy. I mean really, how could my day get any worse?  No-no, no, I'm not doing it! I'm not doing it!

My sister is a den leader in Girl Scouts.

What happened? Didn't you make sweet love to her?

Yeah dude, she looks amazing. Clyde sent me her pics.  She got really hot all of a sudden.

Come on, guys, we're running out of time! 

What? That's no answer!  Go tell her to be more direct with me.

Yeah? Well you're not the leader, are you, Thad?! We play the music I wanna play!

But Chef, we don't know what you're talking about.

Mom, Dad? I I finished dinner. Can I go up to my room?

No, they can't! We've convinced them that they want to stay in America.

Oh all right, but we'd better not miss out on great Christmas adventures.

There is darkness all around me
Deep, piercing black, I cannot breathe
My heart has been raped.

So? So I just sat there and watched them for a while and, guess how much money they made selling their crappy CDs?

Even Harbucks Coffee started off as a small, little business. But because it made such great coffee, and because they ran their business so well, they managed to grow and grow until it became the corporate powerhouse it is today. And that is why we should all let Harbucks stay! 

Relationship stat- I didn't even pay any attention to that-

Dude, it looks like he's tried everywhere in the world. 

Yeah, don't worry dude. Things aren't gonna get out of hand.

Hello, ma'am, we're detectives with the South Park Crime Unit. Do you have any crimes you need to be solved, for a dollar?

Yeah well, sometimes the things we do don't matter right now. Sometimes they matter... later. We have to care more about later sometimes, you know? I think that's what separates us from the Steven Spielbergs and George Lucases of the world.

Dude, this is not good! She could've at least kept the heat on.

Stop screwing around, dude. We're all gonna go meet at the store later to buy pumpkins to carve.

He was a good friend, and I'll miss him.

This is a sweet spot for a clubhouse.

They say they got the guy that did it down at the police station.

No, I don't wanna spend any money, you guys.  Let's just do something fun that's free.

Dude, did it ever occur to them to just look for us?

Dude, we're done. we're sick of getting killed all the time.

Yeah. I guess parents don't give a crap about violence if there's sex things to worry about.

Ah, sorry. Miss Nicks isn't answering any more questions.

Come on, you guys, think! How can we scare the fifth graders? It has to be something reeaally scary.

There's nothing you can do except stop breathing.

Hey kid, what happened?! I th-I thought you didn't wanna sing and dance anymore?!

You guys can go back to playing Laundromat Owners if you want, but... I'm not gonna give those kids playing the FBI a chance to laugh at us. See you guys at school tomorrow.

I don't think it's fair for them to keep you captive like this, Gorak. I came to bust you out.

I haven't changed, the world has. Don't you see it?

Dude, we have to do something. This guy is performing more miracles in Denver tonight. He's gonna get more followers, and it'll be impossible for me to get Kyle out.

Dad, you gotta stop Mackey and bring us back to reality!

Those people at the tobacco company all seem really nice.

Well, all in all, I have to say this was a pretty special Christmas. 

I don't know, dude. Have you seen that stuff about the pyramids and the link to Mars?

Dude! The bus will be here any minute, and Cartman didn't show up for school.

That's a great idea!  Attention, ladies and gentlemen! Now, for your entertainment, stand-up comic, Jimmy!

Look, uh, we feel really bad, and, and we wanna help Britney however we can.

Holy crap! It says she wants to meet me at Stark's Pond after school. 

...It's about awareness dude. Don't you understand how important this is? Bullying? Did you know that in America, hohoh, over 200,000 students are afraid to come to school every day because of-

Kyle, it's hopeless. We've only got 20 seconds of animation done, and we still have Jesus' and Santa's voices to record, and we don't even have a third act. Dude, it would take a miracle to finish this thing!

Cartman, what the hell are you talking about?!

Kyle's got to succeed. He's just got to.

If that's true, then get back together with Dad for me!

No no, listen to me. The Peruvian flute bands were keeping the guinea creatures away. Whatever is happening to the world is happening because you guys got rid of all the flute bands.

Breathing deep in darkness that envelops my soul. 

Doing all this to bring us back a prize. What a great friend! 

Come on, Kenny, get the go-cart going. I wanna ride it.

This is your chance, Kyle! Cartman has weakened!

Okay. It's almost open. Ready? One, two, three!  Whoa, dude.

Why the hell not?! That's like calling the sky blue!

...vein right, well-  Well, here goes nothing. Help me pull his pajamas up.  No way! Kidney Blocker 2000?!

The school said they're the most dangerous plays, so they don't have us do 'em anymore.

Who the fuck is is, Mom and Dad?

Alright, guys, here's the deal: the main entrance to the mall is already blocked by thousands of waiting shoppers. The kids who want XBoxes plan to flank from the left, here.  Our best chance of being first inside is finding a way to the mall's back entrance, here. 

We don't believe for a minute that you won that contest fairly, fat boy.

You're the ones who made me eat veal without telling me what it was! You're the one who know we were making little baby animals suffer! 

Kyle?  Dude, what are you doing here? Everybody's looking for you. Kyle?

Dude, our parents are just as stupid as these people, our town is gonna end up just like this!

Then people shouldn't care about me-ehhh. Because I don't care about them. What's the point of caring if all it brings is pain?

Come on, dude, we have to hammer faster.

I said that's far enough!  Don't be scared, little baby cow. We're here to set you loose.  There you go. You're free. Run away!  Go! They're gonna murder you.

We can't fall asleep. We gotta nail that song.  You got the tape recorder, Cartman? Cartman?? 

Let me try. 
I'll try to make it spin.
It fell; I'll try again.

Waitwaitwaitwait!  Don't you see what's happening out there? The films you all grew up with, that touched YOUR lives and are part of YOUR soul are now being updated and changed. Join us and we CAN be a group that makes a difference!

Dude, this lady told us if you don't confess all your sins and you don't eat crackers and drink wine, then you go to hell. Period.

Well um, ah-I found out that Cartman is letting a few people each day into his theme park. I was thinking we could put on disguises and get in.

We're not getting on, you fat ugly bitch!

Alright. Everybody gather round. We're gonna tell the story of the before time again.

But it was here. It was all right here. The, there was a techno dance club.

It's mine, Dad, get your own! What the hell's going on?! 

Oh man, we can't let Timmy go to hell. We have to do something.

Look, the point is I'm never gonna break a million points playing with you! You know that's true!

Yeah, I guess we'd better check that movie out...

You know, I've really learned something today. Halloween isn't about costumes, or candy. It's about being good to one another, and giving and loving.

I thought I was supposed to make my own decision.

Kenny, I know we're super-cool and everything, but if we ever catch you cheesing again, we're gonna tell on you.

It's Tron Guy. I saw him on YouToob.

Dude, we've got a big problem. Cartman says Kenny is really messed up.

Look at that, dude. The Passion has made almost 400 million dollars at the box office now.

Don't worry, Evil Cartman. You're staying with us! 

I saw in this movie once, where this guy stuck a firecracker up a cat's butt.

Well, it was nine, actually. One of the women was pregnant.

So, so then, so then the pope says, "Maybe you should go check the toilet." 

Oh no, could, could we skip lunch and keep going?

We can't get to a higher level because that dude doesn't let us finish quests!

We've just gotta get that angry mob back on our side!  Alright, everybody, listen up! Those bastards broke in here and took those poor quintuplets to the mayor's office downtown! But they haven't won yet! I say we all go over to the mayor's office, and demand to see the quintuplets right now!

Dude, I didn't know being in a band was gonna be this tough.

What's up, Kyle? Why are you trying to trash-talk our theatrical release?

I can't. I'm writing a new sacred doctrine for my church.

Wow. We're sorry your mom's a whore, dude.

Jesus Christ, why did we pick the fat guy to lift up in there?

It all started when Cartman got an anal probe.

All right, Sexy Action School News Team, it's time to go to work. Get out there and get some stories!

Do you think he can ride the bull?

Dude, they just shot a guy in the face! We've gotta call the cops!

Do you think animals can be murderers, too?

Oh, uh gosh uh, I didn't really notice.

Kyle figured out a way to get our winning ticket stub back from Kenny!

Yeah?! You wanna bring it, you little pussy?!

And what are we supposed to do, huh?! Stand in that room and keep making small talk?! Make believe like everything's okay?! I CAN'T DO IT!

Can we just drop this please? I don't wanna talk about it!

But I just wanted you to be proud of me, like you were with Kenny.

Okay, the string is tied to Kenny's tooth. You ready over there?

Yeah, you rip on people's religion all the time!

Hoohh, like Independence Day? That sucked ass, too.

Towelie has become a complete nightmare in our town! He's broken into my house twice, and stolen my allowance! I-I've got almost nothing left!

You guys, we just wanna know if you-

You said you'd take responsibility to your uncle Roy!

If the ball hits you, you're out, but if you catch the ball, he's out, and the last team to still have anybody standing wins.

Cartman shoved food up his ass and now he's tryin' to crap out his mouth.

Why do we have to dress up? Isn't this just a circus, with elephants and lions and stupid clowns

You guys, I have to go to school tomorrow.

Dammit! I just want it to snow again!

No thanks, I've gotta get back for the big football game. Come on boy! 

Just bring up my Facebook page and see what it says my status is!

Eh hey, could you tell me how I-

No, dude, you don't understand. Cartman hasn't been telling the truth!

No. If they have it, one of ours will die for Carousel!

No. Dad, we don't even know what'll happen.

Why? What's the point of living when the only girl I ever loved is gone?

Chef, how can we stop all these sexual assment lawsuits?

Yeah, I heard that now even Stacey Anderson is selling kisses.

All right. Just grab the rope. Wait a minute. What's this? 

We do. Me, my friend, and his aunt. 

Butters! Oh my God!  Oh, dude! It's stuck in his eye!

Divorced? On no. Does that mean you and Dad don't love me anymore? This is all my fault, isn't it?

What did he play? Did he tap all his mana?

Hang on, hang on, I'm switching to a 7-iron. 

Are you there, God? It's me, Stan. If you wouldn't mind, I don't wanna be the only kid who doesn't get his period before the new year. Could you speed up my development a little? Thanks, God. Your friend, Stan 

Night, Mom.  Wow, two people from the future. How cool.

Oh yeah? Well, at least my mom's not on the cover of Crack Whore magazine!

Pretty funny?! Dude, we did that!! That was our fault!

You guys stop it! This isn't getting us anywhere!

Well dude, maybe we're just super badass. Have you thought of that? 

Dude, didja see, Jimmy? They're giving away a hundred dollar first prize for the talent show.

Dude, why is this guy always beating everybody up?

No, you don't understand! They've got our friend in the Deprivation Room!

No, dude, it's cool. Kenny says you can download music for free on the Internet!

I was put on the horse. I didn't wanna ride it.

Ah our client has an audition to this show.

That... stuffing was never heard of before 1621, so it might be alien technology?

No NOO. Do NOT tow my bike!  Stop, asshole! RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! 

Dude, this is going to be the funniest tape ever made.

The-hay've got a video of Pete Melman's mom showing up with fresh underwear on Eavesdropper!

We... killed our teacher and they found our seamen in her stomach

Cartman, will you just shut up and let him show us?

There! Over there!  Excuse us! Excuse us please!

Does that mean you're gonna be on that Cheesy Poofs commercial?

No! Mom, please! They're the geekiest kids at our school!

Goddamnit there is no deeper meaning in this book! Read it again!

But, how do they get away with that?

I dunno.  You guys wanna build a snow igloo?

Hey!  Dude, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it.

Ye-but, uh, s-somebody's gonna help the people off their, their rooftops, right?

The pain is everlasting.
I miss you so much, babe.
Want to hold you in my arms again, girl.
Want to-

It's that thing we learned about in school where you pull on your wiener until white stuff comes out.

It was just a joke; we didn't think it would hurt anybody.

You can't charge people to watch a guy get tortured for two hours!

Ms. Spears, uh... we're... really... sorry for making you want to kill yourself.

This whole time, you were just using Kenny's illness to lift the ban on stem cell research so you could sell your stupid fetuses?

Dad?  Dad, what the hell is going on?! 

Well that was the whole point of the whole thing was that the guys came back and they said we were gonna get served and we were like- 

Dude, it's just a plastic frog; it's not real. Check it out!

All right, come on guys, we're not sitting back and watching our friend die! 

Why don't you just tell the people here at the sea park?

It's a great idea, we just have to keep working at it. 

Well it sure is good to have you back, Kenny.

Yeah, there's no way that lady judge is voting for us. She was glaring the entire time.

That's what we mean by "grow up" dude! Stop being a baby!

I can't let Wendy go. This whole time I've been having my friends do all the talking for me. It's time I took control! 

No, I'm not gonna just go with it! I'm gonna find out what's behind all this! 

Kyle, aren't you taking this a little too far? I mean, do we really want a giant douche to be our school mascot?

How do we stretch that into five minutes?

We could never make one that looks real enough.  To be really scary, it would have to be real.

Yeah, that's pretty good. But can you play "John the Fisherman"? 

You guys are ten years old and you just figured out that Slash isn't real? Oh my God. 

I can't believe they won't ban our book!

Up yours. Cartman. I'll get you whatever the hell I want. 

Goddammit Jesus, snap out of it! What would Nancy Kerrigan do, huh? Mancy Kerrigan wouldn't give up. When things were looking their darkest, Nancy Kerrigan fought to be the best.  She wouldn't stop until she was Number One!

It was... I don't know, ten, maybe fifteen minutes of pure hell. 

If you wanna suck farts, Kyle, that's fine. Go ahead. But you can't suck farts and be a dick about it.

And maybe - we can beat 'em even more next year!

Wow, check it out dude, we're on TV. 

A part of what?! Some gaywad magician's crazy life plan?!

Aw, come on, Dad! How come I have to go to work with you?

Cartman, there's a 80-foot satellite dish sticking out of your ass!

Can you tell us where "that" is, please?

Honestly, I don't know what you see in this, Kyle.

We can't let them do it, you guys! We have to find a way to stop those Native Americans!

Come on, Cartman, the way we're filming this, nobody will even know it's you.

Mr. Jefferson, I have to go to school tomorrow!

Dude, we we have to go check this out.

We're just gonna have to carry them one by one.  Come on, you guys. 

We risked everything to get it from the girls. How long before the girls attack us to get it back?

Dude, I didn't know there was such a thing. 

Dude! I think these guys mean to have sexual encounters with us!

I got in trouble for that note Bebe was trying to pass to you.

What's it look like I'm doing?! I found your farm in Facebook so you can help me deal with this bullshit! You've gotta go check out my profile status!

We're getting into that fatass's park whether he likes it or not! 

Dude, Cartman is in his clubhouse playing Truth or Dare with girls right now. You really want him to beat us?

Guys, we have no choice. We're gonna have to move away. Environmental activists don't use logic or reason.

Oh, shut up, assmaster. You're just jealous 'cause they had me talk to him. 

Who cares? Friends shouldn't be some kind of... commodity for a person's status!

No! He's a whole new panda now, and he's got something to say.

Yeah, thanks.  That’s $35. Come on, you guys, we've gotta hurry and give this money to Chef!

Yeah? Well I changed my mind! We're changing the song to Cheap Trick!

It's awesome. You should try to get it on that Ancient Civilizations show so that people can see how cultures used to live.

The arms and legs he would dissolve with acid and lye in the bathtub. 

We think that when you did that, you opened up a doorway to an evil, parallel universe.

Neither did I! But now, if you guys can't accept this great thing I belong to, then I suppose we're no longer friends! 

Oh here comes the bus.  Butters? Are you the only one that came back?

No, no! I got sucked through Operation Imagination Doorway at the Pentagon.

And so the fatass came up with a way to have all the birth-givers disappear. , by using the magic M word. 

You're wearing a bracelet to think of me?

I don't want everything to go back to the way it was!  I, I don't.  You were right, Kyle. Sometimes, the only way to go forward, is to take a big left turn. I've been resisting it, but I'm ready now. I want you to stay with Cartman Burger, dude. It's okay. You're gonna do this and I'm gonna do my thing and ...my mom and dad aren't getting back together. But you know what? It's okay. In fact, it's better. Change is gonna bring new things to all of us. Where will Cartman Burger go from here? That'll be cool to see. And it opens me up to a whole new adventure, exploring... new relationships with all new people in town.  Maybe this kid will become my new best friend.  Or maybe this kid will.

Okay dude, knock him out.  Dude, dude okay, he's out!  Kyle, that's good!  All right, let's do it.

Oh, there you are dude. How's it going?

Dude, my car sucks. I gotta get a new one. 

Dude, it looks like Cartman and Kenny are ditching school again.

That's what Cochran used in the O. J. Simpson trial.

Yeah, but Dad, the whole town agreed not to shop at Wall-Mart anymore.

Tell the captain to take off.  People ask me, "You never took the bracelet off? Not once?"  No. Never. Not. Ever.  What do I do? I Stan ground. 

...And that, Mister Editor, is why they are the true definition of fags.

Don't worry babe. Everything's going to be okay.

So we can't let 'em die, douchebag! You're our friend; now come help us!

Sooo, let's figure out what to do it about. 

Aw, dude, I shouldn't be seeing this!  Blaach! 

Dude, I don't get it. Why are we playing dodgeball again?

Your idea took about this much thought, Craig! 

So that'd be, like what, eight hours we could play before school?

We're not watching Terrance & Phillip, I swear. I, I mean, Cartman was watching it.

Uhh, all right. We'll call you after she goes on TV.

We have to go to Sunday school so we don't burn! 

Members, this is our darkest hour. We've just learned that George Lucas and Steven Spielberg now intend to update and change Raiders of the Lost Ark.  There's only one way we can stop this important and historical piece of art from being harmed. Mr. Secretary? 

Wing doesn't belong to us or to you. We're all just caught up in a business that treats people like commodities.

All right, ninjas! Let's go protect the world!

...Look, we're just asking people who want to play on PS4s to fight for what they believe in!

It was so gross, Dad, I mean, what if another girl at school tries-?

So the terrorists can't ever use it against us again.

No no, it's okay, Mom. We c-we can't go to baseball practice 'cause Kyle has cancer.

Dude, my mom is sooo pissed at my dad for going to Kansas.

But... No, we just... No, no wait. We just got good at this! Aw!.

What about the Foley family? I think they're all ginger.

Well good going, asshole! Thanks to you, there's not gonna be any Christmas, and there's no one left to help us!

I can't. I was banished for not voting.

Yeah, well people make us kids believe that heaven is this white place with fluffy clouds and angels...

What happened after he found the golden plates buried in the ground?

Wendy said that first prize is two tons of candy.

I know, dude. Every kid in school wants to kick his ass.

Can't we just talk to all the girls who made the list and find out why they voted Kyle last?

He's really got it out for you, dude.

Thanks a lot.  Jesus, did you take HGH to do your miracles?

I don't wanna watch this! I wanna watch Terrance and Phillip!

She's a continuing source of inspiration to me.

Dad, it's over. We have to tell everyone we cheated.

Oh, no, dude. Chef's gonna go to jail.

Wow! You know, whatever it takes, Butters. People are aware of the problems in Belarus; maybe I did it all on purpose or maybe it was just a coincidence.

That's it! We gotta learn that song backwards.

Mom! Death is here, and and he's trying to take us all away with him!

I'm saying this to you, John Edward, you are a liar, you are a fake, and you are the biggest douche ever!

Jesus, everyone is claiming you were using drugs to resurrect. Why didn't you say anything?

Hey, uh this mechanical bull's gonna help you practice for the real thing, Cartman.

Don't you guys feel like brushing your teeth first?

...Close your eyes and suck it out of a hose?

I don't know where Sparky is. He usually follows me to football practice.

Well, come on. We we have to at least see the weigh-in.

You people just got greedy, like the Native Americans! 

Dude, do we really want another one of these things hanging around?

You got foolied, outlander! We're the only ones with a working phone. And if you had taken our book, then it's one of us who dies tonight at Carousel!

Do you want a candy shopping spree or not?!

Yeah. If my mom could cook like Cartman's mom, I'd be a big fatass, too.

We're gonna build a clubhouse. I have to ask my dad for help. 

Wait wait, where the hell are we now?

We had to go meet with this counselor lady, and she asked us if the priest every put anything in our butts.

Dude, Butters, how many times do we have to go over this? That's not Skeletor, that's a woman named Maria Shriver.

Dude, this is horrible. We gotta get Cartman out of court so we can go practice.

Chef was just about to tell us what a prostitute is.

I don't know how much longer we can keep this up, dude.

My grampa keeps asking that I kill him all the time, and sometimes I wonder if I should.

No, it proves he DID make it all up. Are you blind?

So the we went to India, which is pretty cool I guess. I've never been there before. And we basically learned that whoever smelt it, denied it, and rhymed it actually dealt it.

Come on, dude. If it were your little brother, we'd help you. 

...I think showing her our asses should be quite sufficient, Butters.

Dad, you know Mom doesn't want you watching food channels.

Dad? Dad, you have to come back. This isn't working out.  Please answer the phone Dad.  Dad?

This is the guy that kept killing us after you went to bed!

That was a private e-mail from me to you!  Hey Wendy.

Well, what about going to hell and all that?!

If we tell you, will you help us stop Fatass?

Well you've gotta tell him to stop, Mom!

Station Eleven: Jesus is nailed to the cross. 

Nothing. Can you just come get us, please?

Kyle, will you stop worrying? God! Now, we'll all be back here tomorrow with our costumes, and then, when the Halloween party gets going, we'll bust out dead Grandma! Let's go! 

Yeah, um, Jesus, after you got crucified, how long did it take you to die and resurrect?

Dude, how long has your future self been around?

You guys!  I'm getting that John Elway football helmet for Christmas!

So, I haven't even spoken to Wendy since we broke up.

You will like this, Kenny. Pull down your pants. 

That's why he's able to do so much, try to help so many people, but still seem like such a piece of shit.

The one tape was returned and South Park was again at peace. 

Well, Cartman wants to start a boy band, so we're gonna rehearse and then try to perform at the South Park Mall. 

Heyhey whoa, you shouldn't be fighting anybody. What about your cancer?

Okay, uh. Asian culture has, plagued our fragile earth for many years. We must end it-

The boat went really slow and it just went round and round.

Yeah. There's got to be a way out of this.

'Kay, it says you and I are now very good friends.

No! Uh what are you gonna do to him?! 

All right dude, if I race you will you leave me alone?

Because our names were called on the commercial last night!

You know what happens when you lie, Craig?! You hold that lie inside!

I didn't beat up Dr. Oz! Don't be mad at me!

Dude, I don't think just poor and stupid people like NASCAR!

Alright, Angels. Uh, your next job is to get Bosley some cookies and a TV set.

Please, I don't wanna go on your field trip, Mackey.

You guys stop! All you're doing is rehashing a bunch of old stuff! 

No dude, dude. We've all been here the entire time.

Come on, we've gotta see what's going on in there. 

Who cares? We have to find out what queef means! Keep reading! 

Okay, so Thomas Jefferson wrote the Declaration of Independence, then the Continental Congress-

One thing for sure: picking our new friend isn't gonna be easy.

Wait! Wait, they they can't do this! Uh, let us talk to the network heads!

He doesn't ever want to play with you anymore?

Kyle, you have to cheer up, dude. So you aren't built right for basketball.

Ugh. I don't know how much more I can take, dude.

You mean like a baker and a cop?

Dude, you are in a fudge factory packing fudge.

You wouldn't even have noticed it if I hadn't pointed it out.

Yeah, why should we all care about getting Scott Tenorman back for you?

Somebody who can do the harder stuff we've written so that Token, Butters, and Jimmy can have smaller parts.

Yeah dude, kids at school totally like us. Craig is just being a dick because we're having a tough time right now.

Goddamn, that guy's crazy.  Hey dude, you've gotta speed up.

No, that's the Adventure Club. The Super Adventure Club has sex with children.

Wow, check it out, dude. We have to remember to tape Not Without My Anus next week!

I don't care how popular being like these kids becomes, I'm not doing it.

Look, we just need help with our own homeless problem.

All right, all right, screw it! We have to postpone the fight 'til Tweek and Craig can learn how to fight.

You're a great Meheecan, Butters, but maybe just not a leader of Meheeco.

Well, we need help with our debate club. We have to explain why we think the flag should not be changed.

Come on, you guys! This is our town!

Alright alright, enough! Everybody just shut up!  Where is profile Stan Marsh! 

Isn't it possible that these Indians don't know what they're talking about?

I'm gonna move here and here, and then I'm gonna roll to kill this zombie.

And thennn there was the time we held that little first-grader down and farted on him for 28 minutes.

Dude, the video game gave Kenny a seizure!

We've got to get it away from that control panel. Does anybody have any ideas?

All I'm asking is that maybe with this one thing, let my dad be number 1. A-and you can still be number 2.

We're going to Kyle's house to watch! Come on! 

Come on, Kyle. This is about you and me, remember?!

I think old people should have rights, Grandpa. I just don't wanna die.

Awww crap, he's only got twenties! You got two dollars, Kenny? 

My dad has five dollars on top of his dresser. 

True. Someone or something doesn't want this video returned to the video store.

Dude, haven't you ever had intercourse, Mr. Mackey?

So hey, I was gonna see if you still wanted to see that stupid Maze Runner movie.

You don't understand. I'm never playing Call of Duty with you again.

Yeah, awesome!
Kenny
panting(You guy! You guys! You gotta come down to Cartman's house! You hear Cartman got a million dollars from his Grandma!)

There's four of us! Kenny's soul is still trapped in Cartman's body!

Yeah, we bought your game, and played it online, but every time we log in, some other player comes in and kills us!

Yeah. You know, they bus in people from different races to our school to promote cultural diversity.

That wasn't a movie, that was a snuff film!

The one where you rated the boys' looks in the class. Look, it really messed Kyle up, okay? How could you vote him the ugliest?

So now we are in th real world.

Uhh, hay guys, look, we don't wanna win, so uh,  here's a list of all the pitches I'm gonna throw, in order.

Hey, look at what the postman brought me! It's a big brown package from Afghanistan!

But they're gonna search you on your way back to your cell.

Okay, uh, we wanna thank you all for coming. We're really happy to see such enthusiasm for our cause.

This is more math than I've ever seen you do.

I can't take this much longer. Maybe we're just, not cut out to be in a band.

Then to make it impossible for police to identify the body, he'd use a shovel to remove your head. 

Mom! Dad! We figured out a way we could raise three hundred thousand dollars!

Dude! We should each buy a weapon, and then we'll be like ninjas.

And then what? Hide it forever from the government? From the... terrorists who want to use it for evil? Maybe... maybe nobody is meant to have this kind of power.

Here. Look, Kyle. I found tons of testimonials on the Internet saying that John Edward has the entire studio wired to hear what people are talking about before the show. And, he pays actors to be plants in the audience.

There's these two people with asses where their heads should be.

Don't worry, Tweek. It's somewhere safe. Somewhere where... nobody will ever find it.

I was listening to you for a while. Dude, you've gotten a lot better. 

How about we try the Barkers? Oh, no, it looks like they're not home.

You know, Cartman is an uncaring, bigoted intolerant asshole, but I have to admit, I had my own prejudice about gingers. I think we all need to realize that everyone is different in one way or another, and we shouldn't be threatened by those differences. I mean, Cartman had me kind of creeped out that gingers were gonna come get me in the night.

Yeah, we said we'd take care of him.

Here here here it is: possession by a ghost. A ghost that enters and then refuses to leave a living host has done so because it failed in the living world to be what it wanted to be. The ghost must be allowed to transform and be recognized by the living as what it always tried to be.

Uh oh. This must be the head alien guy.

Dude, are we glad to find you! You have to come back to South Park, quick!

You're gonna smear Butters' parent's walls with poop. I thought his revenge was unique and customized!

Yeah, I guess so. Anyway Grandpa, I wanted to give you something. 

Oh hey guys, uh... We were just about to come home. We had to return the video.

We don't have a choice, Kyle. Just humor them. Hyaaaaah! 

How come you didn't show up for the fight, Tweek?!

I, I don't know. He seems all right.

That wasn't a dream, Cartman. That really happened.

Oh, boy. This is worse than I thought.

Well I got a...Indi-glo...Girls CD. The guy at the record store said it was perfect. 

Just stay away from us, asshole! I was nice to you because I felt sorry for you, because you don't have any friends! But now I see WHY you don't have any friends! You just used ManBearPig as a way to get attention for yourself because you're a LOSER!!

We just asked him to join our dance troupe. We heard he was state tap champion.

Let's see: Jesus got crucified, then he died, then three days later he had his urection. Let's see, there's fourteen Stations of the Cross. Now, it says we can makes costumes out of sheets.

Yeah. You remember you said that Lorde, the singer, her uncle worked with you?

Wake up, Cartman, we've got to get to the mall.

Yeah, but whatever, I'm just glad he's back for good.

I know, but it mellos me out, okay?!

How shall we journey to the house of Butters? Through the mines of Endor or over the mountains of Grog?

We've gotta split up and find Wing! You and Kenny go that way! 

Wow! Look, you guys! Santa got us all Haibo dolls! 

I got a job, but without my bike to do my paper route, I can't make the money! See?

Don't worry, Grandpa. I'm gonna take care of this! 

What?! You can't. I'm here to bust out Gorak.

But Kyle, it's all shit! For real! It's all shit 'cause the aliens with AI and you and me are gonna fuck it all up! Come on! 

Dude, I am so glad we stayed out of that one.

But they don't care about me, they just want to punish me.

Jesus Christ!  We've gotta call the police. Where's your phone?

I wish Aunt Flo didn't have to visit now.

When's this thing start? I hope there are some good previews.

Wait you guys.  Maybe, is it possible that we're just jealous because Chef is our friend, and now he's paying attention to somebody new? 

I bet I get more candy than you dude.

Shut up, Cartman!  Dude, I saw this in a movie once. The old cavemen get frozen, and then people discover them and make them their caveman friends.

Hey yeah, we should write our own banned book. 

Okay, so how do we all feel about Towelie as our new friend? 

We... we- we're just kids, you know? We, we were just trying to make some money.

He's a way higher level than us. It isn't fair.

We've never seen you before. Do you live in the woods or something?

Nothing else is gonna work.  We have to face the fact that without Cartman we're gonna lose to a bunch o' girls.

Come on! We've gotta get to the roof! 

No, I actually have a way to be sure.  I'm going to cut off my hand. If he is my future self, then his hand will disappear.

Everyone hates me now, and it isn't fair.

That's kind of what I'm here for: Do you really need the biggest crap record? Could you maybe see your way to just... letting my dad have this one?

Alright, come on. We just gotta get the goat on one of these planes.

...Get, get out of here, Kyle! I'm trying to go to the bathroom!

Come on, let's go!  Mom, I know you think I did all this, but I'm gonna prove to you it was this fucking fish!

Right, so how do we get back at them?

All right, let's get the hell out of here! 

My dad bought it on a payment plan that was set up by a finance company which got their principal investors from somebody here.

You guys have no idea how much it sucks! My dad's obsessed! Every day it's Bobby Flay this, Gordon Ramsey that. This morning he was pretending to read Playboy, but he actually had a Bon Appetit magazine hidden inside it!

Now cubs, do like they showed you. Hurry up fast!
Get the Antichrist out of my friend Kyle's ass!

The new people that moved in down the street. Mr. Harrison said that Joseph Smith spoke to God and Jesus and they told him none of the religions were right.

I don't think so Wendy, I think you've had enough candy for one day.

Dude, I'm just happy this whole stupid thing is all over with. 

Yeah, and you should have seen her nose. It was big enough to land stealth bombers on. 

I didn't even know he was working at the mall, Kyle!

You completely betrayed the last bit of friendship we still had.

Dude, don't you have enough? I mean, you got tons of money, a jet, and the biggest rock band in the world, a hot wife, and, you've been knighted. I mean, at some point, can't you just kind of... fuck off?

Uh. It, it's really cool that we beat the spread against the Cowboys.

Well dude, what are we supposed to do?

No, they've just convinced you that he's a brilliant man! Let's go!

All right dude, let's get the hell out of here!

I just think this whole thing is stupid! 

'Scuse me. 'Scuse me! I'd like to return this Margaritaville, please?

Okay, well... a-actually it was all written by... Butters. 

I think something might be wrong with Dad?

I said, you should kill yourself? What you do is sort of, unjustifiable? And you know it's unjustifiable? And you don't care? You're the definition of evil? Kill yourself?

Oh my God, how does it know the answer?

What about Wendy? Isn't she still with Token?

Hey, no wonder that Barbra Streisand lady wanted it.

Well yeah, but pigs aren't smart, like elephants.

If you love Juggernaut, Irene, then tell him what you did two years ago! How you killed his child!

The Princess says that if you wanna change your mind and agree that Playstations are better, she'll consider it.

Wai-wait, the Antichrist?? You said she was giving birth to your savior!

Okay Sparky, we got you a present. Now why don't-  Damn it Sparky, where do you keep getting this thing?!  No pink bandannas Sparky, bad dog! Now pay attention. Sparky, this is Fifi. 

Do we get the sports watch right away?  She says we do.

They want you to give a speech, Officer Barbrady; about the whole experience over the last couple of days.

Yeah, why do we wanna go again so soon?

Come on, guys. We'll just have to find other stuff to do. 

Alright it's time to start the second act. Let's bring the crowd back in from intermission and then improvise some stuff for Saturday!

When we started this fight... it was because we were tired of XBox people telling us Playstation sucks! Now... we have an army of our own!  I can't guarantee you will live, but I can guarantee that before this is over... the winner of the console wars will be decided.  Our new leader has joined us to help make sure that system is the PS4! All hail the Princess! 

There's no way God will want to send us to hell now.

Oh... Well, I guess, maybe, someday, we can learn to... hate you too.

Okay, so, just to set the record straight here, the fight will be happening out by the tetherball pole at 3:30. Tweek just weighed in at 48 pounds, Craig at 45.

They've gotten really good at this good cop-bad cop thing.

Oh, yeah, dude. Let's get his ass to the rodeo.

Sparky! Where are you?! Where could he be?

Jesus Christ! Another commercial? Are they ever gonna say "shit?"

Things are bad enough without you being a smartass! There's whales out there being slaughtered right now and I can't do anything about it, so just keep quiet!

Hi, uh, my friend and I just went to see The Passion.

Come on, we have to try and help our stupid parents. 

Yeah, and I'm more hip-hop and R-and-B oriented. 

Yeah. I donno. I've had it a long time, I just don't feel like cutting it off.

Yeah. I guess he finally found something that's as annoying as he is.

I appreciate what you're trying to do, Kyle, but I have a better idea! This isn't our war, you guys! It never was. We've been pitted against each other by two companies for the sake of marketing. That's why they want lines around the block.  Because they want a war to promote their products. They don't give a crap what kind of friendships they cost. You two want a war so bad?  Then you fucking fight!

Dude, what happened? You're not doing the morning announcements anymore?

And who do we have on our side?

Hey, wait. When do I get to make sweet love? 

Truth or Dare? Wow.  Come on, Kyle. We've got work to do.

No, I think it looks terrific.  It matches your AAAAAH! 

Dude, do you really he would go through all this just to make us feel dumb?

Yeah, I wanna go to the planetarium again, too.

I got cut off for Marty's stupid Movie Reviews.

Nice to meet you!  I mean, you kind of suck, but my dad says you might be good someday.

Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod!..

That's fine! You guys can live off of flesh, but I'm never eating meat again!

A lot of times, when Towelie shoots heroin he just... gets angry at everybody.

I can't watch!  Let's get out of here Kyle! 

This is hopeless. We're never gonna find him.

Well uh, wouldn't it be better to have Mackey face them on his own?

All right, congratulations to those of you selected to stay. In the end, one of you will be the new Kenny.  Good luck.

Dude, I don't understand this game at all.

Dude, Jesus is getting his butt kicked!  You've got to fight, Jesus.

I had no idea ziplining would be so boring.

Because of you! It's your fault that we have to do this! We have to do this because you're unhealthy!

Dude, he looks so peaceful without his little orange coat on.

Don't you guys see? Boobs... do something to our brains. They fill our brains with illusions.

You know something, guys? I think we all took Cartman's ass for granted.

Um, l-look ih if I could just talk to him real quick? I wanna try and stop him from making an ass of himself again.

Aaaargh. I'm gonna go take some more hormones. 

Steve? What the hell kind of caveman name is Steve? 

So will you buy some of our candy bars to help him out?

Hey! Cartman, what the hell are you doing?!

That's what I've been addicted to. It's a freemium game sending me push notifications. 

I don't understand! Just let me go do this one thing, and I won't ever--

Hey, Kenny's right. We should put out a real fire. Then we'll be heroes!

But dude, I'd I don't think you should do that lame water-to-wine trick.

No, you don't understand. Jared doesn't have "AIDS," AIDS, he has assistants. Two guys that help him lose weight that he calls his aides.

Doesn't look like she's having any trouble finding food.

Waitwaitwaitwaitwait. I thought we were gonna cool his hot heart with a cool island song.

You don't see the missteps in logic with that?  Look, I'm just saying that somewhere between Jesus dying on the Cross and a giant bunny hiding eggs there seems to be a, a gap of information.

Okay, now let's put the sea ciety in its new home. 

You dumbass, Cartman! That's not the way it happened!

Those guys are always covered in dolphin and whale guts. They don't care if they stink. Come on, let's break their boat.

Oh nothing, it's just cool how you're gonna get Scott Tenorman back. Is Radiohead here yet?

I guess not, but... What is it exactly you're trying to do?

Come on, dude. There's gotta be somethin' about Starvin' Marvin in the news.

What! No, dad. we promised the Super Best Friends that Muhammad would stay in the truck.

Just let me go! We're nobody! We didn't see anything! I pro-I promise!

Tweek is right. It isn't fair for those asshole directors to keep changing their movies and making them different! Movies are art, and art shouldn't be modified!

I'm not a heathen! I was baptized and my family's Christian!

Alright, let's set up.  Ah hi, we're here to collect signature in support to force the Scouts to accept gays?  Uh, hello, gays in Scouts?  Goddamnit! 

Alright, that does it! Brake angrily, Kenny!  Now listen, Towelie, we've just about had it with you!

Cartman, stop pouting that you lost the game.

Wait, wait, the pig just gave birth.  It, it had a baby!

I don't understand that stuff at all. I need Morgan Freeman to explain it to me.

Don't you worry about that! I've started taking hormones!

But are you sure they had sex, like, "sex" sex, or they actually had sex? 

It's eight o'clock, my favorite TV show is on.

Poor Butters. Can't you just leave him alone?

Come on, we gotta see what Cartman is doing with his money. 

Dude, why would we want gay people to get out of town?

You said we were going to be Raggedy Ann and Andy, remember?

Kyle, it's all set to go!  Just get Willzy-x into the water! 

We're dead. Trent knows we sent the sixth-graders after him.

So, I just tried to keep the tour group moving, as fast as possible.

He just needs some training, that's all. Sit Sparky.  Good boy, now shake.  Goood boy. Now, don't be gay.  Don't be gay Spark. Don't be gay. 

I'm sorry. I didn't really I spent that much.

Dude, I thought you said you were Native American.

We're not doing it for the world, we're doing it for our video game. God, are you deaf?

Tell us how to get to the video store, Butters, or else we're gonna kick your ass!

What was the name of the first person who called you for customer service?

Do you ride a big loud Harley and go up and down the streets, ruining everyone's nice time?

All we ever heard growing up was, "Save the rainforest. The rainforest is fragile"!

Sorry.  What the hell are you doing, fat boy?! 

Well, first we lost one study partner when Cartman put himself in the hospital, and then they took Kenny away, and then Kyle forgot to set his clock ahead for Dalight Saving, so we couldn't find anything in the history books about Iraq and then-

Cartman, are those the same visitors you saw?

She's hanging in there.  Here, drink some beer. 

I don't know. We don't have horses, so we can't play.

Dude, Butters! We have awesome news! A Hollywood movie company is gonna buy our bullying video!

Whatever it is, I don't wanna know. I'm just gonna throw this crap away like I should have to begin with.

Okay, so we can agree that the monster outside can't be Scuzzlebutt, because Scuzzlebutt's nice.

Nonono, I get it. Jesus wanted us to eat him, but he didn't want us to be cannibals, so he turned himself into crackers, and then told people to eat him.

All right, enough already! This has all gone on long enough!

The Primary Main Objective is to destroy the Evil Power.

No, Chef, we don't wanna make love to you!

Because we had to choose between this and home ec, and we didn't wanna be sissies?

Hey guys. Uh- You guys know how to dance, right?

Mom! Dad! Can the quints stay with us? Please? Can they?

W-we only did it because Jimbo lied to us first. We had this report on the Vietnam War for school, and we interviewed Jimbo about it and he made up all this stuff about Vietnam, and he got us in trouble. 

It's listed in order from cutest to ugliest. Clyde's number one.

That uh, a little bigger than your brother's there, Gerald?

That's good, that's good dude.  Just calm down.

Why are you so obsessed with Cartman's Trapper Keeper, Bill Cosby?

It seems like everyone has an attitude of "that's just the way they are" or "that's just the way it is"! Nobody likes it, but everybody's too busy to do anything about it!

We gave it to the parents of Butters as commanded by you.

No Dad, that's enough! You need to be focusing on getting Mom back!

Dude, listen to that video crowd! They love us! 

There still has to be a way for you to kill the porcupine's baby.

Yeah. Phil Collins was right. People laughed at Timmy, and Timmy should be at home, where he's protected from laughter.

Hey, kid, over here.  Hey, uh, listen. You know this whole singing and dancing thing you do? I think you need to uh, ease off a little bit.

Deal with it, dude! Cartman's gone, so now you're the fat kid.

Jesus, they really want Wing as their client!

You don't understand! We saved Terrance and Phillip's lives once.

Dad, Mom says to stop trying to give yourself cancer.

But Chef, when is the right age for us to start having sex?

Woo, woo, woo, woo. Clang, clang, clang, clang, clang!  Come on, firemen! Put out the fire! 

It's affecting kids too! Me and my friends started our own snow-shoveling business. We were trying to be responsible and make money, you know? But then the people came along and, and now we're out of work too!  Oh, they took our jobs!

Dad, do we really have to wear bras?

Wait a minute! Look!  "The following preview has..." This is it! This is it!

You guys be quiet! Now, do you wanna get back at the fifth graders or not?!

That's such a shitty device to keep people playing.

Yeah, I know that. But a good company should never have seven words in its title.

Dude, just forget about it. We can't let him get to us, or he wins.

No no I I hardly got any sleep. I had this whole messed up dream about some gay Mayor guy taking us to Imaginationland where all these imaginary characters live?

Maybe I should. At least they will understand me. Maybe I should hang with the Goth kids.

Kyle! What the hell is going on this time?!

I'm not the one who's leaving, he is! 

I don't know what to do dude, my grampa really wants to die.

No, I mean, she literally doesn't have most of her brain! Her head is gone!

Because the big questions in life are tough: Why are we here? Where are we from? Where are we going? But if people believe in asshole douchey liars like you, we're never gonna find the real answer to those questions. You aren't just lying, you're slowing down the progress of all mankind, you douche!

It's dumb. Mr. Mackey doesn't teach us nothin'.

So all we have to do is go to a really rich kid's house, put our tooth under his pillow, wait for his parents to leave him a whole buttload of money, and then sneak back in and take it!

He does it all with computers and processors... He got discovered on the Internet. He's like the PewDiePie of music. And he played live last week. Rubbed his clit and started trending more than ever. I thought he had learned his lesson... but it's like he doesn't care.

Thank you.  This must be the place.  Goddamn, Mel Gibson must be loaded. 

I don't know what else to do. I mean, he could die, Kenny. And that means we'd never see him again.

Look, what happened, happened. We can't change it now. We have to move on.

I wonder... if he'll ever come back and visit us.

I wasn't. We started playing Detective because we wanted our play time to mean something. Or have you forgotten why you joined the force, Kyle?

I don't wanna trick-or-treat with you. You lied to me.

Why did they have us put on long underwear.

Whoa, dude, I don't see anything wrong with that flag. 

All right, so you're sure he can dance?

Can't tell me what to do! I'm eight years old!  I don't need this stupid family anyway! 

Mom, a-I just don't think there's much of a difference between a douche and a turd. I d-I don't care.

That's it?! Ten thousand years of darkness and I don't even have a Merry Christmas?! 

Yeah, let's just go return them and get our money back.

All we have to do is sneak in the graveyard, dig her up, scare the fifth graders, then put her back before anyone notices she's gone,

What?? But I thought there was one road in Canada.

No. No, Butters, that doesn't sound stupid at all.

Wow. I can't believe Ms. Ellen was a criminal Iraqi fugitive.

It's neither. I know this might be hard for you to grasp right now, but this is all actually real.

Dude, we gotta show our parents what Wall-Mart is doing to our town. 

I'm not hysterical, I just don't want to shoot the bunny.

And so that's why Knight Rider was the best show in America.

That's right. You know, sometimes you have to go with what your heart tells you. There's things we're all good at. And we just can't keep them bottled up inside. 
'Cause you gotta do what you wanna do.
Don't let nothin' get in your way, chase your dream every day. 
True, girl, you know it's true,
that if you really wanna be you, you've gotta do what you wanna do. 
He was unhappy 'cause he just wanted to play ball

That's impossible. Are you guys sure you set it up right?

Does it have Patrick Duffy for a leg

Hey, Mom, I'm sorry I went a little nutty with that Chinpokomon stuff. Can I have $5 to buy a football?

What choice do I have?! There's nobody left who can help us!  Wait... unless... maybe there is.  Here, hold this.  Jesus, I know we haven't talked in a long time, and I know that every time you appear we end up killing you somehow, but... I don't know what to do. And I could really use your help. 

Aw man, I've got H O R S now. 

Yeah. We'd better get this videotape over to Mr. Mackey, quick!

It's not your fault. It's something to do with my family. It's like a curse.

No I, I don't really care about the TV show, I'm just trying to stop the Japanese from killing dolphins and whales.

Mom, the mall is a way for the corporate fat cats to imprison you into a life of servitude. I've got some stuff you should read.

You guy can stop fighting. It was me she was checking out!

I don't think it will, you guys, as long as we realize it. We must learn to control their power over us.

Please, Kyle, I can change my attitude. I promise. Let me go to the movies with you.

Not me! That's, uh, kinda what he thinks.

Yeah, as soon as we get to the concourse you'll see how fun it is.

Where?  Oh, no.  Ha ha, very funny, thank you, goodbye.  No, thank you.  Go away, please.

Well yeah, I was sick in bed. What else was I gonna do?

You don't have to tell us twice, Mom. That guy's a freak!

Dude, you can't let the government fire off that nuke!

That sucks that we couldn't give him the nail file. 

Yeah, and they've been on the air for like, thirteen years. Of course they've done everything.

Nono. We saw him having a tea party with his stuffed animals.

No! Stop clapping! All I did was pick a random name and wait for somebody in the audience to give a response. Now that I see that there's a lone woman crying, my instinct tells me Peter was her husband. So I say, "Peter was your husband?"

Aw, he's all right, Dad. He was just trying to warn us about ManBearPig.

Yeah, he must have followed me to football practice. You see, he is smart.

Yeah dude, of course. Now go, the party's already started.

Oh no, we're out of time!  Are you sure you can do this, Butters?

Cartman, you are so going to hell when you die!

Well, we wanted to start a new movement, and we thought since your company makes all the bracelets...

Nno. No, it's okay. The ship took us to another planet. A beautiful, lush place called Marklar.

With my tonfa of Takanawa, I become the great and powerful ninja Shadowhachi, born to fight evil and people I don't like.

I'm sooo hungry. Do you think people even know we're here?

Clyde, can you take care of getting KFC for Cartman? Kyle and I will get the spray paint cans. If we do this right, we'll be doing the town a huge favor, so let's get to it!

Well, we can't go anywhere or else that big scary monster outside will get us.

Hi, my name is Stan Marsh. I was told to come down here and try to-

I don't know, I... But I don't know if my future is with this company either.

Look, maybe, maybe we can help those people in Beaverton ourselves.

Cartman just needs to put more into it. Dance better, Cartman!

No, me and Kyle are gonna play Guitar Hero!

This is horrible!  Everybody's fighting and my best friend is in an institution, all because we didn't believe in Mr. Hankey!

Okay, come on, the critters are over this way. You mountain lions ready to stop the Antichrist from being born?

Do I really have to do this, Dad?

I've made them complicated?! I don't even wanna be here!

Open up, Cartman! We're taking your Trapper Keeper! 

Mom, Dad, when people die, do they always crap their- 

Alright, alright. Here's your mission. In ten minutes this room is gonna fill up with water and drown everybody. You have to find me a way out of this room, fast.

Dammit, now I'm never gonna have my own circus!

Look, the sea people have evolved to an Egyptian-like culture.

I don't care! You sound like a little bitch to me!

Look dude, we don't have much time. Wikileaks is about to post his biggest scoop ever on Eavesdropper! Lemmiwinks can stop him!

Okay, the Geniuses will see us now.  Now remember: when you speak to the Geniuses keep your questions short and to the point. The Geniuses do not like those who waste their time. 

Our Cartman would never say anything like that.

Well, come on! We can think of something better than stupid pirate ghosts! 

I didn't. I just asked her if November meant anything. Her father could have died in November, or Thanksgiving could have been really special for them. But I go with the birthday and validate it now, as if I knew, by saying "He wishes you a Happy Birthday."

Wait a minute  Oh my God!  Dude! That's this house. They think our parents are the religious cult!

Where's Chef?! What have you done with him?!

Cartman, we have to ask you a question. A very serious question.

Okay, it's clear.  Okay. Me and Butters are gonna go up and take Cartman's kidney out of him. Kenny, you stay here and guard his mom's door here with Timmy.

Dad, you just need to not drink so much. It's very simple.

This is a great way for you to experience America Starvin' Marvin. This is what we call an 'all you can eat buffet.'

Oh, no, dude, here comes that weird new kid.

Robert Smith, hit her nose. Use Robot Punch.

Okay, dude, the girls are gonna be here to play Truth or Dare any minute.

...but... the doctors are gonna make him better, right?

God-damnit, I guess we're gonna have to climb the stupid fence.

Do you know why a gerbil is running around hacking our phone calls and putting our secrets up on the Internet?

Yeah, I wanna return this Margaritaville my stupid dad bought.

If you already built a doorway to the imagination, then why do you need us?

Craig, it isn't our fault! You make it sound like we always wanna be in situations like this but we don't have any choice!

Yeah! He's gonna be so thankful we told him. 

Let me out grampa!  I can't take it anymore, this music is terrible, it's, it's cheesy, but lame and eerily soothing at the same time. 

Ah actually we were just hoping we could talk to you guys real quick.

I reckon that maybe you could make a jail door that opened with numbers instead of keys. You know, like a biiiiig safe.

Come on, you guys. Let's get out of here. 

Yeah. Nobody plays the Chinpokomon video games anymore. Now it's all about the big weekend Chinpokomon camp.

No it's not! It's terrible!  Are you there, God? It's me, Stan. How come you didn't help me? I know you're really busy with things, but this is a matter of life and death. If I don't get my period, my friends won't let me hang out with them on New Year's Eve. Please, please give me my period soon.

Wow, there's a lot about Thanksgiving I never knew before.

You said "Stan, me and Kenny don't give two shits about stupid-ass whales!"

No, I mean, yes, I mean, what neckbrace?  Shelly, before you beat my face into a bloody pulp again, I just want you to know that…that you're my sister, and I love you.  No.  Ahh!  Someday, Shelly, I'm gonna be bigger than you, and you're gonna wish you'd never done any of this to me.

And Grandpa, you should be proud that you made it through life to be a senior, but you should also realize that, when you're behind the wheel, you're a killing machine.

I just want a nice, simple... driving game. How about that?

Why didn't you tell me? I wanna go to the movies.

Yeah, I guess we all are. Maybe things are finally gonna start getting a more sophisticated around here.

Kyle.  Kyle, you have to keep making your macaroni pictures.

What's the matter Jimmy? You still seem bummed.

All right, the original AVID cut of Star Wars: Episode I

Oh uh, and here.  Take this American flag as... a gift. 

But dude, you gotta see it; it's hysterical!

Dude, I don't understand at all. I eat Chipotle all the time and it never made me crap blood.

You know, Cartman, you may be stoked now, but I bet you're gonna find that withuot Kyle around to rip on, your life is empty, and hollow.

No!  You see, we learned something today. Yeah, sure, we laughed at Timmy, but what's wrong with laughter? Just because we laugh at something doesn't mean we don't care about it. Timmy made us smile, and playing made Timmy smile, so where was the harm in that? The people that are wrong are the ones that think people like Timmy should be "protected" and kept out of the public's eye. The cool thing about Timmy being in a band was that he was in your face, and you had to deal with him, whether you laughed or cried, or felt nothing. That's why Timmy rules!

We can't do this without you now! Come on! 

This sucks. Now that "shit"'s out, it isn't fun to say it anymore.

Token! Now, come on, guys! We worked too hard to just roll over for Craig and his stupid overall deal. Instead of sitting here feeling sorry for ourselves, we just need to figure out how to make our show better!

Coach, can I talk to you for a second?

That's true. Jared did like a hundred for Subway Sandwiches.

He's been up there for like, three weeks.

Hey, Wendy uh, can I ask you a big favor?

She's just pissed off 'cause she got headgear at the dentist.  She's taking it out on me.

Isn't this awesome, you guys? I haven't seen a Harley for like three days.

Hi, could I speak with Mr. Bono, please?

I don't think an elephant would make love to a pig.

Hey, these are brine shrimp. I used to feed them to my fish.

I don't know. Let's just hurry up. I wanna get home in time to watch Crime Drama. 

Aah, you'd like that, wouldn't you?! I took care of this egg, Kyle, not you!

We're complaining to the Canada Network 'cause they put something really gross on TV!

Come on, you guys! Our parents are gonna be back any minute!

Oh, so you're really famous and important but you don't know John Elway!

Yeah, his, his cold sore is really bad, and uhh he's losing blood, so we've gotta go.

No, he's not! He can't even get a nurection!

Let's just keep building. We only have five more days until the shopping spree.

No dude. Nobody. My dad... he's kind of losing it. To be honest, I feel kind of bad for him.

Cartman, you are so goddamned stupid, it's unbelievable.

You called us and said if we brought the towel you'd give us our video game back.

Van Gelder?? What the hell are you doing on our bus?! Mr. Garrison, there's some freaky kid from the planetarium on our bus!

Your mom says you were one of the best dancers in the country.

We can take a boat, you guys! We can probably take it all the way back to Fairplay!

What are you talking about, Cartman?! We're only $167 away from gettin' a Sega!

What?? That's stupid. We wouldn't have to kill Kyle! We would just to tell him not to hang around us anymore.

Saying something is so 2000 and anything is so 2009, you stupid ass wipe.

Hey, Dad, we need to build a clubhouse.

Here he is, hiding in the forest as I told you. 

No, wait. We won't tell anybody, if you don't cancel our show!

Four days ago, I came across a brochure for ziplining.  I thought it would be fun. I only acted like it was an idea we all came up with together. 

Go ahead and test it! Then let's just see what happens to this money-hungry, alcoholic prostitute!

When you grow up and you're a fourth grader, you'll understand that you have to be tough and direct with your parents. Go to your dad and tell him you wanna give up singing and dancing, and join the basketball team.

Hey yeah! We deserve that money just as much as he does.

...Uh yeah Dad, he'd like to talk to you.

Kyle, wake up! You've gotta wake up, Kyle! 

Oh come on, people. You really think anybody's gonna be that pissed off about a cartoon??

Dude, that's not cool. Don't give Kyle AIDS.

We thought of it, Jesus. I mean, Kenny's the one that does it all, but we were the masterminds of the whole thing.

Relax! If we lose we're not gonna be murderers.

All of a sudden you seem to think you're above everyone else!

Kyle, I think we may have gotten into something bad here.

Hey new kid!  Kenny says he saw... your mother drop you off this morning, and she's a real dog.

All right Avengers, what say we take this scumbag down?!

No. I mean it sounds like somebody is shitting in my ears. Please, just listen really close.  You don't hear shit?

Stop it, Cartman! It's true! We came to keep an eye out. Stephen Tamil said he had something big planned.

Relax, Tweek, we're just gonna have to go in there and explain what happened. There are more important things right now than free hats.

Does an overseer have trample? DOES AN OVERSEER HAVE TRAMPLE?! 

Yeah, Kenny finally found something he's really good at.

You guys! Check it out.  It's Kenny.  Isn't that great? He's just getting high on life.

Wuh, have you ever actually seen a toxin?

Wow! I guess everything's going to be okay. 

Look, Token, here's the bottom line. You're gonna start having a lot of offers comin' at you from all directions. A media storm is about to hit you and you can't handle it on your own. Nobody can.

Oh right, like he doesn't exaggerate every disease he gets!

Yeah, why not? We get some instruments and some costumes and then... make some crappy pan flute music CDs on my computer.

No, but don't you see? We didn't think it was great before. I think I understand now.  I think I know why Craig's show gets such great ratings! Half the school is high on cough medicine!

I know, but listen: the finals are all sudden-death elimination, right? That means as soon as we lose one game, our season is over.

What is the deal with the coloring the eggs and you hiding them and all that? What does that have to do with Jesus dying on the Cross?  It is symbolic? Are you trying to reference something that happened in Biblical times?  Answer me!

On television us children are starting to see and hear more and more graphic queefing.

Dude, I don't know how long I can stay here.

What?! You've been out here all weekend! How are we gonna raise money to get into the Chinpokomon camp?

So what are we gonna do for New Year's?

Chef, Cartman is in the hospital. They think he might die.

There's only one thing we can do. We have to go see Token and see if he'll forgive Cartman for hate-criming him. Come on, we're running out of time!

If I see you at the mall, Kyle, I will have to try to beat you inside.

Dude, check it out. Cartman's mom made chili.

Wow dude, your dad's a perv and your mom tried to kill you.

Kenny? You don't care about whales and dolphins being slaughtered?

And uh, oh,  ...I ...I can't do this.

Please, I don't wanna go back with them.

Dude, I really don't think that's a good idea!

I don't care, dude! I just want this fish away from me!

Dude, we're gonna play football. Do you wanna play?

I got a hundred dollar check from my grandma, and my dad said I need to put it in the bank so it can grow over the years.

I'm gonna try and warn Kyle to get out of San Francisco.

Alright, I can't take it anymore! I'm getting on that stage!

Alright, come on, guys.  Man, I can't believe we have to do this while Timmy's already back in time!

She's the best chance we have! I say she's in.

Whoa, dude! How do you have sex with a chicken?

Are you gonna be okay, dude? I'm here for you.

I'm not sure. But... I need two hundred and forty dollars.

You know, dude, there might be something to this.

Ah, I'm sorry, but the four of us can't help tomorrow night.

No you're not! I don't think I missed any!

Hey, that's it! We gotta go back to third grade!

Dad, we have to study. Mr. Garrison is making us do a presentation on what the Founding Fathers would say about the war.

We were trying to do good. But we got everyone duped by a bracelet company.

Dude! I can't wait to win that $10,000 on America's Stupidest Home Videos. I'm gonna buy the coolest go-cart ever.

Butters, don't you get it?! Those assholes aren't our future selves! Our parents hired them to make us more motivated!

Cartman, we decided that if you can be mature and admit to everyone that you've gotten yourself into this mess, then we'll help you.

Don't worry. We're about to go get 'em back.

Yeah, but I feel like things are finally back to normal.

Hey, you guys! You guys!  You gotta come with us over to the Jeffersons!

Jimmy? I don't know what to do about Kyle.  You know, I... I don't think he's ever going to be the same.

Then we have to stop it before it gets there! 

Dude, did a bully take your lunch money again?

All right, we gotta find three other kids that can dance.

You're the best player at our school, dude. You'll make the team for sure.

Kenny! Kenny! Dude, what the hell?! You're supposed to be watching Muhammad!

You know, evil Cartman? I like you a lot better than our Cartman.

Dude that's not funny. You shouldn't joke about that.

Alright. Will you donate one of your kidneys to Kyle?

You're right. Well now, how about Timmy?  He's quiet and he takes direction well.

No, he just needs a disciprine. But thanks to you people, my dad now thinks he has a disease that he can't cure himself.

How many parents have you exacted revenge upon?!

Yeah. We set up a stage, and have Cartman do the German Dance. Then we charge people for tickets.

What do you think happens if you do have it?

NO! Pff! No, that's no, okay? No. And anyway, it's not even the issue.

Delete Profile! "Are you totally sure? Yes or-" Yes! Goddamnit yes! Delete! Delete delete!  Hey dad?  Dad?  Oh dude, what the fuck? 

Hey yeah. We need to find the very worst kid athlete in the whole world. Somebody who can't possibly win.

Jesus, is, is it okay to kill somebody if they ask you to, because they're in a lot of pain, you know, like, assisted suicide, is that okay?

All this time... It's the girls that give us diseases!

Look, guys.  The world is changing. We can't fight it, we have to change with it. I've been watching these movies, and from the looks of it, there's gonna be a lot more singing and dancing when we get to high school.  And if you think we'll gain any respect by ignoring this thing and being individuals, then think about this: right now,  everyone thinks Butters is way cooler than any of you.

With Kenny? But, but this is supposed to be my camping trip. Why do they like Kenny so much? Doesn't he like me anymore?

They've all been lying to us this whole time!

Look, Butters, accidents happen. We all have to live with that.

What's the big deal? Can't I have other friends? You guys should give Gary a chance.

I think we have to signal them somehow.

We need a one-way ticket to Des Moines, please.

Dude, I told you something was up with this place! 

I am socializing, r-tard. I'm logged on to an MMORPG with people from all over the world, and getting XP with my party using TeamSpeak.

Why are you saying that, Kyle? You can't be the one who had head lice.  Because I was. You're just trying to make me feel bad because you figured that out, didn't you?!

There's a bunch of people trapped in the middle of town surrounded by homeless people. W-we can't get to them.

And I wrote that the evil Lord Xenu was recently broken out of galactic jail.

Well, uh, we've gotta get Miss Nicks on the plane to Afghanistan, guys.

Perhaps the Great Ringworm of Bailey is about.

I don't get it. The whole fun of Call of Duty is that you get to do the shooting.

Hoh, never mind, Jesus. Nancy Kerrigan sucks.  You know, somebody once said. 'Don't try to be a great man, just be a man'

I took them to see how abortions are done.

We have to do something. Let's form a club.

Aren't we supposed to have won something in order to go to State Finals?

Aunt Flo, where did you get this goldfish?

Oh what? So now that I have a hit TV show you guys care about dolphins and whales?

Dude, we're like the coolest kids in the whole state! 

Totally, dude. Cherry Creek is the richest part of Denver. I'll bet these kids get at least ten bucks a tooth from the  "Tooth Fairy."

Ah all right, just let me get this straight: the head of Homeland Security ordered you to fly us, five kids, to Peru, but had you land way up in the Andes Mountains of Peru so that other government people could meet us and then... somehow tell us how to go to the capital of Peru, way over in Lima, and take down their government.

We go to church to learn that stuff! We go to movies to be entertained! We weren't entertained, and we want our money back!

How can they do this to us? Doesn't anyone believe in tradition anymore?

Dude, what did you make that doll out of?

Is it okay to kill somebody if they want you to?

Phew! You stink, new kid. You smell like a fart.

Okay, good! Do it! I'm not scared of you! Sue me!

Waiwaiwaiwaiwait. "It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's..."

What the hell would you do with ten million dollars, fatass?!

Damnit I should have deleted you a long time ago!

No, because there could be something written on one of them that's important and uh-! No, don't take my empty bottle-!  G-give me back my sandwich! 

No, dude, this happened before! Aliens put some device in you and then we tied you up to a tree and you went up on their ship! You don't remember that?

All right, then you take him to the hospital, Kyle. You take him to the hospital and let your mom find out what happened.

Genius Leslie, we have a problem and we seek your wisdom.

They're rings that says they're not gonna have sex or do anything naughty anymore.

Guys, guys, guys, stop!  Look at what this thing is doing to us. Butters was trying to tell me something outside the house. That this device is nothing but trouble. I think I know what he meant now.

I gues we're just gonna have to do it with the three of us! Come on, guys!

Dude, he's kicking the crap out of Kyle!

All right, dude, let's do this.  What the hell? 

Dude, so my vote didn't even really matter!

McDonald's French fries in a hot tub of... KFC gravy?

Yeah, cause Cartman cheated and won the environmental essay contest.

See? Now we can hold out for weeks!

Yeah, how did he make those clicking sounds?

Well, not yet. Kenny has to get better at singing first.

Kyle, will you talk to Wendy for me?

Yes. Now, come on. Our plane is gonna leave. 

But it isn't supposed to end like this!

Being gay is just part of nature, and a beautiful thing.

Hey no, no. All you people get out of here.

Gee, the bus'll be here any minute, and Cartman still isn't around.

Naw. All or nothing is easy. But learning to drink a little bit, responsibly, that'sa disciprine. Disciprine... come from within. 

No. We have to do a stupid report on Vietnam. You and Ned are the only guys we know who were there.

You bet, Indiana!  No!... Look out Indy, it's... Steven Spielberg and George Lucas!

Alright, guys, focus. Looks like this is gonna be an underwater level.

Butters, where are the ballots going?! Where are they going?!

Our parents would never let us starve. They're bluffing. This is a battle of wills. If we hold out long enough, they'll give in.

We think the movie sucked and we want Mel Gibson to give us back our eighteen dollars. Do you know how we can get in touch with him?

Whatever it takes, you have to do it, all right?!  Hang- hang on, Kyle, Jesus wants to talk to you.

And then Jesus was lead away  to Mount Sinai, where he dies, and has a resurrurection three days later.

He hates me more. He doesn't answer my prayers. I prayed to him every day and he never answered me.

You mean, at some point in this doctor's life he decided he wanted to work on people's buttholes.

Our parents are stuck on top of a building in town.

Look, um... I know that you all think the earth and its natural healing powers can cure Kyle, but... the doctor at the hospital told me it can't.

Our moms and dads are the ones who need money, Butters!

Huh I don't know. I'm going home, I guess.

You're wrong, Mr. Lucas. They're not your movies. They're ours. All of ours. We paid to go see them, and they're just as much a part of our lives as they are of yours.

Excuse me.  Excuse me!  Uh, we ran out of stuff.  We ran out of stuff to build the ladder with.

Mr. Harrison said that I should be followng Heavenly Father's plan, and I don't even know what that is.

You know, I'm just, I'm just through with this whole thing! I just, I can't put my family through any more of this!

Uh, hello? We are having a bake sale to raise money for scout troop number six nine. Uh, please stop by and give us a hand. And now, for your entertainment, our new best friend, stand-up comic Jimmy! 

Dude, what are we gonna do for New Year's Eve? It has to be awesome.

Agh. Come on, they've gotta have our video game around here somewhere. 

But if one of us pretends to be the new girl in class, the girls will wonder where that boy went.

O Great Wizard of Gregendath. What quest do you ask of this Ranger and Paladin?

I don't know what to do, dude. Do we go to the fight, or Cartman's birthday?

You know, I don't think when Gandhi starved himself he was all "Dude, look how fuckin' awesome I am for starving. Check me out!"

Damn it!  That wasn't ten seconds, Cartman. You have to do better than that.

Dude, we just can't up and go to Canada. Look, they're about to light the Christmas tree. Maybe you can get your brother back some other way. 

I don't care what happens to me, I care about my grandfather, you morally empty corrupted maggot!

Alright Kyle, that's enough! I'm not gonna be bullied by you, okay?!

Hey Cartman, that was really cool what you did.

You can't be serious! You people like this?!

I'm not lying. Someone just handed me the--

My parents will never let me keep a goat

But school taught me that the first man and woman lived in Africa.

We're here to have a slumber party with Kenny.

No, listen, I called Customer Service because I need help! 

...It's okay. We'll just have his character die in the film. 

Dude, we're trying to save our planet here?!

Kenny's not feeling so good. That manatee spleen made him sick. 

The last commercial break has to be coming on any second! 

Cartman, you might as well open up! We're just gonna have Bill Cosby bust the door down after he finishes having sex with your mom. 

Dude, this looks like it could get ugly. 

It's time for Carousel! Haha, your side doesn't have its book, fatass! That means someone on your side is sacrificed tonight.

Wait a second, I don't take drugs! That was a lie!

No, because I really want you to kill yourself.

Ah, hi. We made a really successful thing on the Internet, and we'd like to collect our money.

The Princess bids your fat ass welcome to her kingdom and suggests you state your purpose.

That's my new dog Sparky. He followed me to the bus stop.

Dad, I like being in a boy band. I think it's interesting.

My bike had a busted pedal, but I got it fixed, so there won't be a problem anymore. 

Oh, uh... we have a three o'clock meeting with the network heads?

His mom is trying all this Eastern medicine and New Age bullcrap on him, but its obviously not working.

Hey, are we supposed to get your little brother presents for a bris?

Can we please just talk about the actual whaling problem for a second?!

Do a WebCrawler search: maybe he has podcasts up somewhere.

God-damnit, will you people stop reading into stuff that isn't there!!

We shouldn't have to make a bunch of new friends somewhere else. We're a team!

I'll go get my grandpa. He'll help us. Where's the Confederate Army now, Butters?

Yeah? Yeah. We want to adopt a starving Ethernopian.

My name is Stan and I'm your new coach. Now we just need to kind of organize a little bit and practice our-

Dude, that doesn't matter to people right now!

Yeah. He'll be waaay better off back at home. 

It's just that, you know, he killed twenty-three babies.

"Vote or Die"?  What the hell does that even mean?!

Yeah. Every time she shows up my mom turns into a total bitch.

Oh, God damnit! Alright, fine!  Here's your stupid lighter. 

Come on now, people now people now'
People now, come on now, people now
Got to drive hybrids, people now
People now, people now, people now
Hybrids are for people now, people now
Group of people driving people now
Get a hybrid, be good people now.

All right, I'm gonna go kick his ass. 

Come on, Feegan, either jump or get off! 

We're done with betrayal! It's time to put an end to this!

Oh Jesus, there's another one!  Another pan flute band! Have you guys noticed there's bands like this everywhere you go lately? 

Yeah it sucks. All my friends are sick with the flu.

Listen, just because a guy's voice is on the intercom and his words are in a book, doesn't mean he has any idea what he's talking about!

"It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's-"

This isn't a game, Mom. We're not coming out until know the calves will be safe.

I thought mounties were supposed to ride horses.

Maybe your mom can give me a kiss too, Cartman.

Those New Yorker kids are gonna be here any second, and we still don't know what queef means.

Somebody told us they saw a big panda bear in here.

Chef! What would a priest want to stick up my butt?

I don't know. They guy on the phone thought we had Towelie, so now we gotta find him.

Kyle.  Kyle, you can't keep doing this. You know what, at some point, you you've got to let this go.

I can't believe it. She's in love with somebody else.

The chick that wrote the theme song to the new Hunger Games, is you?

Dude, you were going to see four white birds eventually.

Mom, Dad?  Theh, they're gonna go help those people, right?

Okay grampa, okay, just get out of the way of the TV.

Uhhh, look, can we just drop the whole roleplaying thing? I would play along, but my girlfriend's here and I don't wanna look like a total dork in front of her.

I know I know I-, ugh. Look I can't explain it but I have to do this. I'm not gonna die. I mean, how bad can the K-13 be?

Kyle, I have to admit something to you. You know how I told you over the phone I like the new Gersploosh album? I lied. I don't like it. I don't like it at all, Kyle.

You said you set the pie in the window sill, where it must have sat for some time.  But its sweet smell attracted the attention of somebody. 

Don't you see this is about more than Black Friday? Battle lines are being drawn! If you wait it out, but everyone else has already decided to go with XBox, then, that will become the standard! The PS4 would be like Betamax was to VHS.

I'm not responsible for what my dad did!

All right, fine, Craig. When we get back home we'll get you your money back, and we'll never talk to you again. How's that?

Dude, if this guy's goin' to hell, who's gonna save us?

No. Come on, Dad. Can't you guys do it?

See, Kyle? I just started with something really vague. I chose an older man because I'm betting that, based on this woman's age, her father is most likely dead. But if her father wasn't dead, I could still say it was some other older man.

Well, come on. Let's go upstairs and get Cartman's Trapper Keeper ourselves. 

Tomorrow in school we'll all tell the teacher it was us, and let her decide what to do.  And Cartman, if you had any thread of a conscience at all, you'll do the same! 

Anyone? Help four boys and a Chinese woman get back to Colorado?

I'm sorry, Mr. Jarvis, it's just that... I have to get up at 4 a.m. to deliver your paper and then I go to school all day.

Kyle, I'm starting to think that this is a really bad idea.

Uh that, that's okay, dude, I think we got it.

Uh, one thing before I continue. Unfortunately we don't have enough of the... free hats for everyone. 

Dad, who's the guy at work that knows Lorde? Let me go! DAD!

Yeah. Come on, ninjas.  We've got some more work to do.

Alright, let's see: demonic ghosts, animal ghosts...  ...setting traps for ghosts, no...

Come on, let's go get to the plane. 

So what does that mean? I I can get addicted to everything so I can't enjoy anything?

Are you gonna share any of that cake with the rest of us?

Dad, Craig is trying to say that his dad can out dress you!

No, Kyle. You see, we learned something today. This whole Chinpokomon thing happened because we all followed the group. We only liked Chinpokomon because everyone else did. And look at the damage it caused.

Did you eat only once ounce of City Wok like we told you?!

Butters, don't you think it's a little bit of a coincidence that both your future self and my future self got caught in a mexterdexed time plane? 

My profile? Goddamnit my Facebook profile has taken on a life of its own! Where is it?!

I don't suppose you guys want to win this game.

Shelly, please, let us watch. We'll do anything. Anything!

Uh excuse me, is this really a good idea?

Look dude, we're trying to keep our parents away from graphic television shows! This could be a matter of life and death!

Then... then Wendy won't think I'm a total loser!

I'm startin' to think that maybe it's wrong to put someone who thinks they're a Vietnamese prostitute on a bull.

But that's... that's crap! That's not even TV!

They were going to do it for that 'N Sync guy.

My Facebook profile went rogue, Dad. I had to go into the circuitry and do battle with it. I sent all my friends somewhere else.

There's a bunch of policemen chasing after us!

No, because there's aliens with a sniper-chicken on me.

That's okay Wendy, I'm sorry I wished you were dead.

Aren't you a little old to be in grade school?

It doesn't matter if you get in trouble of not, you can still feel bad.  I think you're right, Kyle. Maybe we should confess.

Butters, we've go-! Oh, God, it smells in here.

Hey ah, I'm so sorry, but we have an emergency. Our friend is really really sick.

You don't understand, Mom. You just don't understand. 

But Dad, we're not supposed to shop at-

Then, let's do Token's report on how global warming is going to kill everyone in the fifth grade.

Ma'am, do you have a rag and some bandages?

Uh, can I ask a question? Why do we do this?

Yeah, but my dog found his own way here. That makes him smarter than your-  Sparky, get down!

I can't believe it's all over. What do we do now?

Well, we can't do anything for now, that fat bitch won't let us.

When you get old enough, you grow your own pubic hair that's attached to you, you fuckin' dumbass!

But if life is only pain, then... what's the point of living?

Give up, fatass! There's over a hundred National Guards down here.

We took a bunch of cough medicine to come up with ideas for our show. I didn't come up with anything.

Man, I wish I could really drive this thing.

Jesus, Santa's sleigh was shot down over Iraq!

Is that why we're here? Did something really bad happen on the field trip?

Because it brings a curse? Like the Black Death.

Yeah - no - I'd, it, it sounds really cool.

You should be ashamed of the people in America that you are exploiting! How dare you take advantage of those less fortunate?! 

Dude, I can't wait for Wendy to see how gay I look!

Oh, uhyeah.  Hello, Mr. Governor, and thank you for taking the time to hear our presentation on hate-crime laws, entitled, "Hate Crime Laws: A Savage Hypocrisy."  Yes, over the past few years our great country has been developing new hate crime laws.

Well it looks like with these bus tickets we spend about eighty... seven dollars getting our money back from Mel Gibson.  But I think it's the principle of the thing that matters.

What are you saying?! How do you know my dad is gonna die?!

Hey, I've seen that guy. He has a TV show where he brings people on and talks to their dead relatives.

Oh, stop it!  That's another thing! Why do you have to be so freakin' nice all the time?! It isn't normal! You just weasel people into your way of thinking by acting like the happiest family in the world and being so nice to everyone that you just blindside dumb people like my Dad!

Come on, who's the second-fattest kid in South Park?

Why aliens? Aliens don't belong in an Indiana Jones movie?  Come on dude! There's nothing we can do!

Cartman's right. First rule of survival is stay put and wait to be rescued.

Kyle, you have to hold your breath!  Oh, very funny! 

Then how come that sign says "Church of Scientology"?

We're just gonna slide you down this rope, and then you've gotta get our exclusive video to that reporter down there. 

They didn't come back to the past, you dumbass, they're actors!

Alright. The fifth graders are gonna be here soon. Let's get Kyle's grandma!  This is gonna be sweet

Dude, don't you know what this means? You drank Kenny!

Look, Mr. Cruise, I'm sorry I said you were a fudge packer and that seaman on your back.

...Yeah, or we just go to Country Kitchen Buffet and lock it from the inside so the seniors can't get in.

You guys! You guys, check this out: I saw another Peruvian flute band outside my house last night.

Whoawhoawhoa! Maybe Kyle's right. We gotta spark the vision somehow.

Wendy, there IS a health crisis right now...

Oh, okay I guess that makes sense, but... Butters and Scott won't be able to get their PS4s.

Anti-smoking people are trying to kill Cartman and he won't stay away from us.

What are you gonna do?  Please! Please just let me go! No!

Yeah, this guy probably wants to take pictures of us naked.

We come seeking your help. Do you side with those wanting XBoxe's, or will you join us on Black Friday and fight for PS4s?

Global warming isn't happening right now. It's, it's not what caused the Beaverton flood.

Well then how much of what just happened was in virtual reality?

Does this mean we have to go to church on Sundays again?

The guy who spoke to God and Jesus.

Yeah. He's all pissed off at you. So, will you fight?

I have a button we can use for his nose.

Oh my God. I get it now. It was Bebe's boobs.

Hey. Where did the shirt go?  I covered you with a shirt! Where did it go?!  AAAaAaAaAa  I'm not gonna look.  It's not closer. I'm just seeing things.  GAAAH!  AAAAAAAH!!  MOM! Mom! 

He apparently got to all the cats Cartman's been hiding in his attic.

Yeah. Hey Mom, Cartman found a bloody cotton thing in the bathroom.

No, it's not a chicken sandwich!  I want a Goddamned cheeseburger and some Goddamned fries you fucking goobacks!

Look, you you gotta understand, sir. My dad's never won an award for anything. Ever. He doesn't have one single trophy. I mean, even I have a second-place trophy for most Sports Illustrated subscriptions sold.

Wow, Cartman actually felt bad for somebody and couldn't laugh at them.

Dude! Dude, that's Jay Cutler over there!  Quarterback for the Denver Broncos!

No, dude, if you wanna be Christian, that's cool, but, you should follow what Jesus taught instead of how he got killed. Focusing on how he got killed is what people did in the Dark Ages and it ends up with really bad results.

Well, apparently, it's when you... don't throw anything away and soon you find yourself, living with a, bunch of... junk?

My Dad's in a rabbit-worshiping cult called the Hare Club For Men they protect the secret of Easter but before they said what it was they were attacked by ninjas and put me in charge of Snowball.

This is great! We're in the middle of nowhere and nobody knows what direction the video store is in!

Now we find a way to get this tape to the real reporters.

Dude, what are all these homeless people doing in front of your house?

We sent the Afghani kids some dollars - they must have sent us something cool in return! &lt;/i&gt; Do you have some scissors to get this open?

It isn't fair!  Everybody hates me!  The whole town wants me killed!  Mom and dad are gonna send me away!  I don't want to be sent away!  I want to stay here!  Eehhhehehe!

Give it back! We're on a quest to return it to my parents!

Come on, guys. Let's go play video games!

What the hell do you think you're doing?!

A duck? Dude, don't be stupid! Those OC kids are professional dancers! Now come on, there's gotta be one other talented person in South Park.

Helping my Dad pick out some cool new power tools. What are you doing?

Oh man, they must have accidentally sent him instead of the sports watch.

No, dude. This look really serious. I think we'd better get help.

He is right. It has been getting really hot lately.

Well-uhuh, of course they do, but uh, wouldn't it be sweet to- to play Truth or Dare with them?

Wow. I always knew Cartman's mom was a slut, but Goddamn!

Butters was just sitting there, Dad. He... he didn't even know it was coming.

No, I don't think you understand. We're here with Wing. That's right, the Wing. 

Dude, if you guys build another time machine, you can travel back in time and ask the creator of Star Trek how many episodes there were!

This one time, like eight months ago, I saw two guys kissing in a park. And that was the gayest thing I'd ever seen, until I saw the KOZY-FM Halloween Haunt. 

When you shoot the puck to another player.

This thing in Denver is is just the crust, Token. With our support, you can have the whole pie.

Come on, fat boy, give us some cake now.

All right. Tweek, we'll teach you how to fight, and Cartman, you teach Craig.

No, I didn't break a million points and unlock superstardom, all right? I'm done with that stupid game!

All right, all right, shut up! We're gonna practice! You two guys play defense, and you play goalie.

See, at first, Jesus was all like, "Why me?" And he was all pissed off and stuff. But then he saw that what mattered most was everybody else. So he stopped thinking about his own misery, and did what had to be done. Right as Jesus was dying,  he raised his hand and said, "The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few."

I don't get it dude, w-what's so controversial about this? All he's done is said "shit" and "fuck" a few times.

Would you put a stop to this, please? This is only gonna make things worse.

Why do you have to see an eye doctor?

Uh, Grandpa, I don't think you should be driving.

Well, I'm not okay with it, 'cause it's turned you into a dick, Kyle!

God-damnit, I knew this was too good to be true! Come on, Butters, let's go. 

Look, we already told you everything we know. Some guy just showed up in a big balloon and took us into Imaginationland.

That is our presentation. An idea that we call...

Dude! Chef's wedding is in three hours. We've got that much time to find out how to destroy a Succubus.

How come everyone in cartoons has such big heads?

We know, we know, that's what everybody says.

Yeah, Butters. You wouldn't make a very good ninja. Come on, guys.  We have a lot of work to do.

Whoa, dude! You've got herpes on your face, too!

I did it, I did it, I finally killed something. 

This game is stupid. I have no idea how to go out on the field and be as nice as I can to the other team!

Yeah, and I also know a thing or two about cults. I was the leader of one for a while.  Goddammit! 

Come on, we gotta get to that scientist's house. 

What the hell are they gonna do to us?

Oh no, dude. Look!  It's the music we changed! 

Uncle Jimbo, Cartman found a big animal creature and it ran over that way!

"Faith Hilling is pretty stale," said Republican candidate Newt Gingrich. "If they had crashed the debate by Taylor Swifting that would have been impressive."

Do you just leave your e-mails open for everyone to read?!

You see? There, look! It says Eavesdropper's biggest story every is coming out this afternoon.

Just like me, all I ever wanted was to sing and dance.
And now that I stood up for my dream I finally have the chance.

I wanna see how much you'll give me for this gold and turquoise diamond bolo. 

Dude, how are we gonna go on? Chef was our fuh...f-ffriend. 

It is real. They do it every year. But everyone in town tries to be the first inside the mall on Black Friday. What chance do we have?

You're a dick, and I've had it with your dicketry! I choose you!

Huh? Aw, come on!  Dude, what's going on?

Yeah. This one's moving out of town, so we could take over. 

Sorry if I see things for what they are! Ok- okay, okay, I'm sorry.

Just help me take it back. Come on!  Did you find the address, Aunt Flo- Aunt Flo!

I guess maybe I've always taken friends for granted, like they'd always be there. If a friend died, I don't know what I'd do.  Well, I'm not just gonna stand here and watch my friend die. Kenny, go round up all the kids in town who want to help Kyle! Round them up and meet me at the bus stop at 7:30! Kyle's gonna live! 

Oh, nice going, you assholes! You made us lose him!

Dude, put it back, Chef. More commercials might come on soon. 

Okay, so then we'll just tell the other team quietly that we're gonna let them win, and then we'll act like we're trying. Our parents will never know.

All right, sir, well, please call us if you need anything. 

Let's go to the, uh, media. We'll make everyone in the country know that they're killing Kenny.

You guys, stop it!  Sorry about them. Kindergartners are kind of spazzes.

Actually, I heard they're together because they got locked in the school gym overnight a few months ago.

I just... never saw myself owning a company called "Furry Balls Plopped Menacingly on the Table, INC."

Look, you guys, if Craig can do it, we can do it! Come on!  How about we do... a show... with us... ughhh.

I'm just saying there's lots of symbols and signs out there that show aliens and history are pretty linked.

But, that's not fair! That means Butters gets to go and we don't!

Yeah, like we haven't heard that one a zillion times.

Nobody will. That's the way it's suppose to be. Hit it, Kenny. 

All right, can you explain to me what's going on?

Well, the guy in Arkansas said to destroy the heart. 

They said the gas station outside of town.

But that's a lot of seats? How are you going to pull that off?

I shall return. Do not attempt to stop me. 

What's the big deal? Why won't anybody talk about this.

Dude, this is pretty fucked up right here.

Whoa, dude, I guess having a bris isn't all that bad.

I'm sick of those fifth graders scaring us all the time! We should come up with a way to scare them!

You hold on to this, Cartman. I might lose it.

I know. So how about we take the ten thousand dollars back to the Indian casino? Tell them, Kyle!

No, everyone is out partying in the streets. What's wrong with your brother?

Jesus Christ, what the hell do we do?

Are you sure you're okay with this, Kyle?

We were going to enter the costume contest as a pair.

Yeah, but can he play Buckethead on Expert Level?

Calm down guys, we don't have to go tell our parents. We just need to go out and get some protection.

No! This can't happen! Kenny can't die! Kenny can't die!! 

Why? It's not like you're peeing on your hands! There's more germs on most furniture than there is in pee!

Oh uh, just that, mmmaybe when we're finished, Wendy and- uh... Bebe can come over and play.

Well what did you expect, dude? It's the son of the Devil.

No he's not dude. Craig is a wuss.

This is the same bolo tie worn by King Henry V!

Right, so it's possible that the thief sat out in that tree.  He would have watched Sarah with the doll, possibly while cutting the palms of his hands with a large knife.  The pain gave him sick pleasure.

Hey, wait, wait, wait, wait!  Wait.  Hold on a second. Where's Butters? 

Could, could you, take off, the ears, please?

My Dad is in it. This... rabbit is too somehow.

Well... I just wanted to tell you... that I don't think you're a joke. I mean, whatever you used to be, you're just my dad. And you're the best dad I've ever had.

Well, yeah, but I don't think that we knew "curse word" meant... curse word.

Dad, what are you doing?! Don't take their dirty money!

Tweek, when has that ever happened, except for that one time?

If you look in the mirror and say Biggie Smalls' name three times, he doesn't come and get you, right??

Haven't you heard what happened? Honey Boo Boo's heart gave out.

Yeah, we'll just get a picture of her doing something else.

I would rather game with Craig than spend one minute having to set up an XBox Live account! We will get our PlayStations tomorrow, and you buttholes will have nothing!

Well, dude, it's not like the bar is this actual, physical thing.

You guys do not understand. Having neighbors from Jersey is the worst! All night long they keep me awake! They're either screaming at each other or making some disgusting sex sounds. It seems like all people from Jersey do is hump and punch each other!

They're dead to me. My mom doesn't even know I'm here.

Well, I mean, look at it this way: Almost half the country did actually vote for Obama. If the election really just came down to a bunch of boxes Cartman stole, then, does it matter that much?

Uh, yeah, we need to come up with some ideas and inspiration, so we're gonna drink a bunch of cough medicine.

Wha? What's the movie studio saying about it?

Kenny! Here, take my hand!  Hurry Kyle, the water's rising!

But you're gonna miss it! They're gonna say "shit" and you're gonna miss it!

Do you think they should change the flag?

I guess so. It just still doesn't feel right.

Don't worry dude, we can all go watch it at my house. My parents don't get home until late.

Well, they can't be too pissed off. I mean, we made them a banner.

What if we can get Phillip to agree to get back together. Will you do the Earth Day show for us?

Butters, do you want your share of the hundred thousand dollars or not?

Please, you guys, our whole town's reputation is at stake! Will any of you do it?

Kyle, enough! Cartman jumping more homeless people isn't gonna solve anything right now!

No, I was supposed to be home at eight.

Yeah, I dreamt that Cartman dreamt that we were all trapped on a bus, and then he dreamt that we were talking about things that had happened, only they were all wrong, and, and then he and his mother ate beetles.

All right, you guys, it's first down. I'll hike the ball on the third "set hut!" Kyle and Cartman, go deep post out. Kenny, run a slant down the middle. Butters, be ready for the screen.

Yeah, now beat it you guys. This clubhouse is private!

Cartman, jakovasaurs are making South Park suck. You have to understand that.

Yeah, don't you see? This validates everything that we're doing. If we're making the news, then this is obviously important to people.

Aw alright, I guess we can all watch Terrance & Phillip together. 

You just gotta pretend you're Blanket until we can get the real Blanket somewhere safe.

Dad, you're a geologist! What about your real job?!

Yeah, we know better than to think that.

I think there's a place just outside of town. I'll see if my uncle Jimbo will drop us off.

Dude, this is pretty fucked up right here.

No, it's not okay! I don't want a gay dog!  I want a butch dog! I want a Rin-tin-tin! 

If the pope has my Dad... I have to give him what he wants.

No. NO! Screw this! You know what? "Edit Profile &gt; Update Profile." There! "Delete Profile"!  "You have requested to delete your Facebook profile. If this is an error, hit Cancel" Proceed!  "Delete yor profile, are you sure? Yes. No." Yes! "Are you totally sure?" Yes! 

Whoa dude!  Where'd you get a pet elephant?

Hi grampa, I brought my friends over to watch TV, if that's okay.

Come on, we've gotta get out of here before something bad happens.

You've gotta listen to me! We're not spies! 

Don't worry, Kyle. Craig's not gonna tell on us. Come, ninjas, let's go.  All right, this is it.

Because Jesus told us that Kenny's a prostitute. Is he?

Do you have any idea what it would feel like to start losing your memories?! No! Because you don't have someone in your life suffering from Alzheimer's! Well I do!

No, that cannot be. Honey you are scaring me.

Yeah, one time, my friends joined David Blaine's cult, and I had to go to the Super Best Friends to rescue them, and Muhammad was one of the Super Best Friends.

Shut up Butters! What we have to find out is who in the school is running Eavesdropper! I've done an extensive profile, and I've narrowed it down to somebody in this very room!  Now whoever you are, you're a gossiping little bitch!  And we're not gonna-!

Oh well. Good luck getting Kenny out of you, fatso.

No, there's no blood coming out of my ass.

We're not quadruplets, Terrance. We snuck in that woman's spandex to get in here.

Yeah, just go in at recess and shoot some ball with the team, God damn it!

We're not old people! You guys are just into lame, vulgar crap, and it needs to be stopped!

Well keep looking! We gotta find out what it means before we see those New Yorker kids again!

Look, I'm sorry I killed your mom. The, the squirrel told me she was evil.

Dude, who the hell wants to play Yahtzee?

A hundred dollar gift certificate to South Park Mall?  Maybe we should do the talent show.

Yeah I remember. I'm heading back to the access point. 

It will have to do. We're not getting closer.

Yeah, their purity rings turned our friend into a douche!

No, dude! I think Cartman might actually be right.

What the hell? A stupid rat is in charge of Eavesdropper?

I don't wanna burrito, I want a taco. Supreme.

Oh, well. Doing our own circus was a dumb idea anyways.

We didn't know what we were doing. We were just sitting there, watching Terrance & Phillip and...

YOU are the scums of the earth! Old people are victimized by shopping networks and YOU kick back in your fat-cat mansions, making billions!

Alright.  Oh look, he's following us. It's so sad.

Uuhh, E. W-EE wish you a Merry Christmas. 

Mr. Gore, I I think we should stay with the tour group.

"Hey, you guys! Seriouslih! I'm so fat! Help me out over hmyah!"

...and then we put them back in the tank.

It was about shoes, Kyle. The girls wanted shoes, so they set you up.

My friend is gonna die! He's gonna die and there's nothing I can do about it.  Oh, God, he's my best friend... 

Mr. Mackey, is there, maybe anything you wanna talk about?

Come on! We've gotta catch up to them! 

This isn't about you, Kyle, I have to do this, okay? I have to!

I found this frozen guy in the woods today.

Kyle, could I just talk to you for like five minutes?

That isn't true!  Okay, that's totally true. But you guys, we are at risk of becoming the unpopular kids

It's all right, Kyle. We'll go back to the fair and return them.

Ugh, Dad, can we please not watch this?

I know. I need you.  I thought I was having a great time because I was getting signed by managers and, going to big sex and coke parties, but, then I realized, I was having fun because I was doing all that...  ...with my best friend.

That asshole is gonna kill them and feed them to people!

Yeah, I wonder why he's being so nice.

Dude, look at the walls.  Everything is written in some strange, foreign language.

So he wants to finally be accepted by the living as a little white girl.

This sucks, dude.  This is like the worst Christmas I have ever seen.

Oh my God.  Cartman? Dude, can you hear me?

You think you're so great, don't you?! Well guess what?! Maybe I don't need your help! I'm taking the egg home tonight, and I'm gonna show everybody tomorrow that I'm every bit as good an egg-take-care-over as you! 

But all the other kids are gonna watch it and talk about it at school tomorrow.

Look! We're gonna be the losers tonight, all right?!

No, your producer did.  She made Jimbo tell everybody that I did drugs.

Look, dude, we came a long way. We're not leaving until you give us our money.

Shh! Not, not exactly. We were messing around in this guy's new boat, and Cartman egged me on, and, and I crashed it into the Beaverton dam.

Business? Wait, do you know anything about business?

Come on, Pip, say it. Say "Please, hit me."

You totally had it! You had enough to save the town and then some.

Jesus Christ, dude, they've done some stupid crap before, but Jesus Christ. 

But the big dance is tomorrow and all the guys are gonna duct-tape him to a flagpole.

What?! Cartman, you call people names all the time!

Dude, something tells me this bris thing isn't good.

Yeah, look, I I know you think the kids in school like you, but, actually they're all getting really annoyed.

Dude, I canh- I... I can't do any...

We don't wanna go to some stupid adult meeting anyway!

You don't suck at football, Butters, you suck at all sports.

So they can fill my head with more Disney lies about how perfect the world is? I don't think so.

U-uh, cool. My name is Stan, and a-uh, I'm the leader of Earth.

Come on, let's just go! We'll kill Butters later! 

Well then write the principal an anonymous letter.

Okay, we have to do this stupid report, so--

Oh, dude, look!  It's that commercial with the guy that lost 400 pounds eating at Subway Sandwiches!

Look, guys, about last night, can you just be quiet about it?

Well Cartman, if you wanna drive NASCAR when you grow up, you can.

Yeah! She's evil and wants to suck Chef's life out of him

Dude, this is sweet, not having parents around. 

Eh, grampa, I had no idea how bad it was for you. Now I understand.

South Park Junior Detectives! We know you have Sarah Peterson's doll!

Well, I'm glad we took care of that.

I just wanna find something else to play.

Eric, the outfits are even skimpier than before, leaving very little to the imagination. No doubt that if I were a little older, I would be aroused.

This is a mistake, sir, we aren't really a Peruvian flute band.

Dude, are you sitting at your computer? I need you to do something for me.

Because, you stupid Melvins, they have rad food and desserts upstairs! 

Oh, hey Wendy. Clyde sent me these. Don't be jel.

Dude, like Chef says, I've gotta get a piece of lovin' while the gettin's hot. 

Yeah, but, it's okay! We can still get our Sega Dreamcast!

Hey! Whoa whoa whoa, Cartman! All you've been doing is making fun of Kyle and now he's saved your life! You at least owe him a thank you!

No, you're not doing it either! We just need to find something that looks like boobs to take a picture of.

Hey, what are you doing, man? Cartman says he has something really cool to show everybody. You've gotta come.

Chickenpo--? Oh no, I must have caught it from Kenny last night.

Okay. Here we go. Ready? Are you ready, Cartman?

What are we supposed to do with it?

Aw Butters, you ruined it. This is all one big long shot and you ruined it.

Yeah, he said some guy at work is Lorde's uncle or something.

AGH!  Wait! Chef just got a new plasma TV with surround-sound. Let's go to his house! Come on! 

Can't we play on speeder bikes or something?

Uhd- W, WW-e wish you a Merry Christmas

Just do it really fast, and we can go.

Look, I just want you to know, if you want to, you know, be with that Bridon kid, then you should.

No, kid! You heard what Ms. Crabtree said: there's a big black scary monster out there!

That was the longest day of school ever!

Oh My God, this is not a fad, this is who we are!

Huh? Sorry, I'm watching a movie on my iPad. 

Today is Towelie's intervention. We have ...no idea how he's gonna react.

Dad it's just a stupid click of a button, it takes two seconds!

Yeah. That's good. A little higher on Craig's side.  Yeup. 

I don't get it. The whole fun of Call of Duty is that you get to do the shooting.

I don't get it. The whole fun of Call of Duty is that you get to do the shooting.

Dad, I don't wanna bury my head in the sand.

Oh my God, you guys are not gonna believe what happened to me last night.

Stop it, Cartman. Just 'cause Kyle's mom is a Jersey asshole doesn't mean Kyle is.

But, Mr. Garrison, if we change our mascot, that means the eco-terrorists win!

Cartman, there's an ice cream truck sticking out of your ass. 

Oh, boy. Sorry, dude, you're on your own. 

But all the other guys get to go to Cartman's Grandma's; why can't I?

Don't you say that! Kenny's not gonna die!

Well you said you knew a guy at work who was Lorde's uncle.

How can you eat when you're farting fire?

Uh, hi, is this the Parental Revenge Center of Western America?  Ah I'm really pissed off at my parents and I wanna impose swift and horrible revenge upon them?

Now we just wait until morning. Check-mate, Cartman. Pretty soon, you're gonna be our slave.

'Scuse me! 'Scuse me!  Everyone, I have an announcement to make. I'm giving back my Pinewood Derby trophy! 

I mean, maybe if we all commit right now to working toward a better future, then, then the future won't be so bad, and, these immigrants won't need to come back here looking for work.

Help you, fatass! We weren't in the commercial, remember?

Do you have anything on the menu that doesn't taste like shit?

Yeah, what a dick. Timmy's five times more talented than he is.

Oh my God, our parents are so stupid, dude. 

Hey, we aren't the ones on an ancient temple prophecy wall, buttwipe!

Wow. I really wish I hadn't sat here and watched that.

Yeah. You know, we believe in equality for everybody, and tolerance, and all that gay stuff, but dude, fuck you.

No! I'm gonna hit you if you don't say it. If you say "Please, hit me," I won't hit you.

No, I was telling Kenny he would like it.

What Kyle really needs... is a new kidney.

Okay, we've figured it out. To add more weight to the sled, we're gonna use these bricks , but we're gonna cover 'em with kid's clothes so that the girls think it's another kid!

The boat caught on fire, and it exploded!

It's not a big deal. We can just watch American comedy. 

Let's go see the stingrays, and then we can go to the sea lion show.

I don't think we're in a very safe spot.

This is it you guys! We know what our calling in life is now. Tomorrow we are signing up for wrestling class! 

Dude! You gotta build us another time machine!

I wonder why Cartman wasn't in school today.

I said it's not our responsibility to give them what they want.

Maybe you're being too hard on him, dude.

And then the guinea pigs killing people.  And then... 

Oh, God. This kid's gonna last about five seconds out on the playground.

Alright, here, everybody.  Tweek, give everyone a rubber band. Hey, somebody's gotta help Timmy put his condom on.

Kenny's parents must be laughing pretty hard about now! We're dumb enough to believe Kenny's body could be in a teapot!

Okay, search for Mel Gibson. Mel Gibson bio, Mel Gibson news, Mel Gibson... home page. Here we go.  Welcome to Mel Gibson's ThePassion.com, your source for everything Mel. Pictures, philosophy, upcoming projects. Damn it, no phone number! Oh wait! "For more information on Mel Gibson, call the Webmaster at 1-800-43.." Okay, okay, wait, here we go. 

Timmy, come on! We're gonna be late for Scouts! 

But if there is no other team, then it won't be any fun.

I guess we'll have to sneak into his house after he goes to sleep tonight.

We got you back for getting us sick. We had a prostitute use your toothbrushes and stuff.

You know what? That's great with me, Thad, 'cause I don't need you to break a million points! I never did!

It's true. The whale talked to all of us. In between shows at his orca tank.

I... the... critters. Their... bir-birth of a Savior? 

Alright, let's go get the gymnasium ready. Tweek, you go make fifty hats. 

Well Marvin, it was sure cool seeing you again.

We told you doing a comedy award was a bad idea! Now all of Germany is pissed off at us!

Dude, you don't believe that guy talked to your grandma, do you? 

We're the kids whose names you called on your commercial last night. We're here to do the shopping spree!

Way back, in the long long ago, we all lived by the birth-givers' laws. But the birth-givers were unfair. They made us go to bed early and eat broccoli. 

You just did that to everybody in class!

But it's not fair! It's not fair that one day you're on top, that you're the coolest kid in town, and then the next day you're at the bottom again, 'cause everyone has blood coming out their ass but you, and if I can't menstruate, then by God, I'm not gonna sit around and be the only periodless 8-year-old boy! I'm gonna do something about it! 

Dude, I thought Mr. Hankey lived in the sewer. What's he doing in Nebraska?

My father has asked that we bring you this copy of Lord of the Rings.

Yeah. I mailed it last night. What sucks is that now I'll have to actually watch that Bob Saget guy to find out if we won.

Mr. Jefferson, uh, it might be good for Blanket to learn how to chop wood.

Yeah. We wanna get one of each of these ninja weapons.

Kyle, it's just pee! It's not that big a deal!

Yeah well, I blew it. Now we're gonna fail and Wendy thinks I'm a total loser.

Hey yeah.  Well guys, let's go to the swimming pool!  Aaah. Let's go take a shower!  Let's go waterskiing!

Ah, actually, Mr. Jefferson, we were seeing if Blanket wanted to chop wood with us.

A demon from Hell sent to suck the life out of men!

Yeah, I'm sure ManBearPig needs to be stopped. I'm just... I'm just scared that I can't do anything to stop him.

Isn't there anybody who can help me? Isn't there anybody who cares?

They, they had it! They freakin' had it!

Very well, Professor Chaos! We'll play along. Now, fell the fiery sting of my tonfa of Takanawa!  Hey kid, that knocks you down.

Dude, this is pretty fucked up right here.

Yeah. Third grade sucked! Cartman, why the hell did you try to make us think third grad was so great?!

I just, I can't concentrate 'cause my dog is gay.

Uh, I don't really wanna get on there. 

Yeah. We all got so caught up in how we felt that we didn't realize... women actually cared about something a lot deeper.

Dude, I think Barbrady enjoys being in school a little too much.

Dude, every time I lost a tooth I only got a quarter.

Roy's a dick! He ruined my chances with Wendy in the clubhouse!

Dude, check it out! Eavesdropper found an e-mail from Jenny Simon's boyfriend calling her "soft-serve Simon."

And now, do you still think that you need to hang out with older, mature friends?

It just looks like shit to me, a bunch of processed, gooey shit.

Yeah, our eyes are finally open, dude. It's like waking up for the first time.

I'm in like a gumdrop forest. I just saw Strawberry Shortcake tied up and dead with pee in her eye.  Ha-hang on. I think something really big is about to go down.

You have to be drinking milk for that to happen.

Chef, I have a goldfish that keeps killing people.

Yeah, I'm sure that's what Cartman would say too.

