We have to get out of here now, Kellih! 
If we find anything, we'll try to send help for the rest of you.  Let's go.  Come on if you're comin' Mister Vice President! 
If we have made too much of an impact, then that consciousness would try to snuff us out! I think we're looking at a global catastrophe, the likes of which we've never seen!
Oh my God.  We have to get out of here!
This isn't going to stop. The world is rejecting us! If we're gonna live, we have to get off this planet.
First we have to get out of the forest, into the forbidden zone. It's the only way we might even see another planet!
It's real. Real as my love for my unborn babih.
I think we need to put all resources now into a full investigation, perhaps even begin a licewide evacuation.
Don't you get it? The world doesn't want you here! It's not gonna stop until you're dead!
Kellih. Kellih, can you hear mih? I don't know if you can. But... I wanted you to know I tried. I tried to save our babih. But I let you down, babe.  Keh... k-Kellih? 
Heh. We made it, Hope. We made it, Kellih! 
Our ancestors came here from another world. Maybe there's still other worlds out there with life forms like us. Maybe there's even a world where they've learned to live with the planet instead of just on it.
We'll die here! Look, the world is getting rid of us! Don't you get it?!
Sometimes... I just worry what kind of world our babih is gonna grow up in.  I need to run up to the forest and do another sediment analysis. I'm worried we might be overworking the tertiary layer. 
Damn you Vice President Craig! You could be killin' us all!
Yes! Because maybe we rolled the dice too many times!
Look, this is the world, right? But now, think of the world as... a living being.  If it were somehow conscious, then it would ultimately become aware of our effect on it.
You son of a bitch! You had a chance to stop this! So help me, if we live through this, I'm gonna see you rot in prison!
Kelly, I was just thinkin' about our babih. I want to name her... Hope.
What the hell do you want, Vice President?!
Mr. President! Mr. President! I believe we have a serious problem!  The environment... is changing. I believe it is somehow, reacting to our presence on it.
Then go ahead and die there, I'm leavin' with my babih!
Everyone get up into the trees! We have to get up high! Come on, Kelly! 
We aren't out of this yet! You two look for other survivors. You get whatever food you can and bring it back here. 
