Jan, hey.
A shot of MIDORI, perhaps.
Andy, it's not---
This is not working, ok?  We are getting slaughtered out there.
[sighs]
Okay, just get it done.  Jim, will you make sure?
All right.
I'm sorry, all right? It's done, it's done.
Hey, Michael.
All right, Jan just emailed me. She wants us to meet her up front.
Um... When I was in the Coast Guard, a couple of us broke into the women's barracks and we got arrested for trespassing.
And I just want to let you know that if our branch absorbs your branch, I'm going to look for a place for you at Stamford.
What? Uh, no. [to Jim] Uh, I want you to make sure you call Karen and get her to fax that vendor list over.
I honestly don't. I don't know.
Wow. Uh, sure. Absolutely.
Or what?  We didn't bet anything, Michael.
So with the twelve new local accounts, we had a total of four percent organic growth, which was just above our pre-year targets.
[sounding upset] Andy, Jim, can I see you in the conference room for a minute?
Excuse me, Jan, I'm sorry... I'm gonna have to stop you there. I, um, will not be taking the job.
Not much, they're uh, I guess running late upstairs, so we're just waiting for the presentations.
Yes.
All right. Think you guys should be all set. Oh, here's the corporate card for dinner.
We just need a strategy, ok?  We're going to set up a trap in the gun room.  All right Jim, are you using the MP-40 or the 44?
Yeah, we should go.
Can we do it over breakfast? It'll be...
SNIPE--
I just want to say thanks. Good luck.
I don't think so.
As of today, I have accepted a senior managment position at Staples.
You don't snipe in Carrington, ok?
JIM!
Yeah, stop by later.
She is our boss.
They're exclusive with Staples.
Fine! All right.
Well, Jim and I have a meeting with Uni-ball in about forty-five minutes, so we should probably go now.
Listen, Michael, I heard you were a great salesman.
Yes now.
Sure, what's up?
Thank you.
Thanks, but maybe another time.
[stunned]
You know Dan Gore from Buffalo.
Jim got us a great lead with a new rep from National Envelope. We can grab lunch with them tomorrow.
You hooked up with Jan?
Did you?
Hey Andy!
We gotta go.
Okay.
So, end of day we are going to have a little diversity policy refresher, because of some more problems at the Scranton branch.  And I have a list of business startups I got from the chamber.  Yes, I am going to need someone to cold call them.
What about you, Craig, you lose anyone?
Nice to meet you.
And Karen? Let's keep it to twenty dollars a person this time.
Yes, I'm aware of Jan and Michael's... history. Um, I don't really like to talk about it 'cause it's unprofessional. Kind of gross.
Um, we should...
We should probably head on down and hook up with Jan.
You know what, Jim, I wouldn't worry about it.
