Please.  I just got some stuff I gotta say to you. [Pam nods, meekly]
[to Jim] Hey man, uh... I'm sorry. [Jim motions 'Don't worry about it'] [Roy receives his check from Angela] Thanks. [to Pam] Can I, like, see you after work for coffee, or... something?
Piss slop who cares-a? We played you! You... you really look familiar. Did you... you cheered for them, didn't you?
[to Jim] Look at Larry Bird. Larry Legend.
Hey, um, I was wondering if it'd be ok if I go to Lonny's poker game tonight.  I promise, it'll be like the last time for a while.
One, two, three, up Jenkins! Down Jenkins. Oh, I think I heard the quarter over here.
[Points to Pam's painting of the building] [laughs] You gotta sign that.
[as they leave] There's nothing wrong with your car.  I just thought you might like a break from the 'grief counseling' session.
I hate it when girls insist on taking them out to new restaurants every weekend night and then they're like 'When are we going to go on a date-date?'
Hey, remember when we were planning our honeymoon and you wanted to go to Hawaii and I wanted to go to Mexico?
Whoo! Who's next? Come on, Pam! Come on! Come on!
Excuse me, I'm sorry to interrupt, uh, I need to see Pam.  There seems to be, like, something wrong with the radiator in her car.
You said it was important, so... How's it going?
Huh? huh?  Come on... Come on, Pammy I was just kidding.
Which one is she? [Michael stares at both waitresses]
[on video] Ah, w-we'll see you next year.
Well. You're not goona get longest engagement, man, 'cause we got that locked up.
[laughing] You gotta drink on that one. Too bad.
Yeah, I was gonna get you one of these for Christmas, and now I don't have to. I'm gonna save a ton of money.
Let me see this. [scans one box seven times] Looks good to me.
[looking at Dwight] An alliance? What the hell is he talking about?
[steals the ball, scores, mimics singing] Du-du-du-du-dupee-do. Your ball.
It's cool if I go, right? I mean, I looked at all of them.
No, it's cool, because I know you're a good guy. And I know that that crush ended a long time ago, so... you know. We're cool, right?
That sucks. [laughs] You guys got it much harder up here.
Oh yeah... Wait a minute, you... broke off our wedding for the guy.
I don't really want to work here without Pam. You know that Cinderella song, 'You Don't Know What You Got (Till It's Gone)'? That pretty much says it better than how I know how to say it... in words.
After Pam dumped me, I um, I kinda stopped taking care of myself there, and uh, I hit bottom when uh, drunk driving arrest.  I've been working out and um, you know, I'm not gonna take her for granted.  I gotta win her back.
Hey, my cousin Billy, they just had the twins.
Yeah, man! I'm uh... I'm really glad you're still gonna be working here.
I was definitely right. [both laugh] Oh, brother.
I can't. My brother, he just unloaded the jet ski's and kinda took a bath, so... we're going to go get hammered.
Jim... Halpert. Hey uh, I, uh, you know heard there's a rumor going around about you used to have a crush on Pam.
That corporate booty, he likes to hit it!
[Put's his hand on Pam's arm] Come on, we're going to Poor Richard's.
Come on! Shaun Alexander? He's the best back in the league.
[to Pam] Hey, want to get out of here?
Should have done it a long time ago.
You think this sucks for you? I was the one who actually wanted to get married.
But you're not even gonna try to go out with him? [Pam meekly shakes her head] I don't get you Pam.
Hello, everybody, could I have your attention for just a second? Could you listen to me for a second? We were up at the front, and we were talking about what's really important, and... Pam, I think enough is enough. I think we should set a date for our wedding. How about June 10th? Come on, let's do it! Come on, Pam!
If you still want a honeymoon. Hey, Halpert. Keep an eye on her, all right?
Yeah. What about you? What are you doing?
Well, Valentine's Day isn't over. Let's get you home and you are gonna get the best sex of you life.
Oh, man.  Um, could you go without me? Make something up, say I like, ate something, or...
I do what's right whenever I figure it out. I love you, babe.
OK. And where to do you get all those cool bows?
Your art.. was the prettiest art of... all art.
I don't know. Probably like, a sweater or something.
I know. Uh... I gave them twenty bucks. You want to dance?
Bushmaster's hard to beat for long distance. It's a great point.
So you don't have the biggest package. Don't feel bad.
Hey, I saw your tape. Your band, Scrantonicity? You guys rock.
What's up? Can I hang out with you guys for a bit?
[wrestling with Jake] Pam! Pam! I love this guy! [laughs] Come on!
Okay, maybe another month, like, maybe for, like President's Day or something.
We can go back in, like, a couple of weeks maybe.
I know I normally don't notice these kind of things but uh... This wedding's really nice! I mean, the flowers and stuff? Phyllis has got some great taste.
Yeah, I know. I guess they couldn't wait. I'll bring in a picture if you...
I know you're probably not going to remember this, right? But um... Those color roses? I got you those color roses for our prom.
So, what's the deal? We gotta pay for our own drinks? That's lame.
When you were in the Navy, did you ever almost die?
No you gotta put your name in the corner.  I've seen that artist do that.  Its good too, cause like you can know who paints what, you know.
I uh guess I wasn't really too involved in the planning.
It's possible. I can't believe you traded Shaun Alexander, man.
[points at one of Stanley's hands and one of Pam's] Not here. Not here. It's either here or here. [Stares at Pam] Not here. [Points at Stanley's hand].
Started a gravel company. I mean, who knew it'd take off?
Yeah, you're right. This is so over. You kidding me, Pam!? Come on! God!
No, she was totally Miss Artsy-Fartsy in high school. She wore the turtleneck and everything!
Hey, Jimmy what do you think of that little purse girl, huh?
It sounds good. Seriously, we've gotta get going.
I've just gotta wait for Darryl to do his shot. Just a minute. Come on! [chanting] Darryl! Darryl!
So, ah, it was a year ago today that I met Laura. I thought she was my waitress and, uh, took her three weeks to tell me that she actually owned the place. You are full of surprises. You are my beautiful mystery girl. And, today, I have a surprise for you. [approaches piano]
Ok, don't wake me up cause I'm playing ball in the morning.
[yelling] What the hell is this? What are you trying to cop a feel or something? Huh Halpert?
Okay, I'm going to go wait in the parking lot. And what kind of tunes you want for the ride? Little, uh, classical? Or oldies?
Come on. If it wasn't for you, I never would've met Laura. I mean, seriously, kinda dodged a bullet on that one. [sees Jim's reaction] Just kidding.
No, no, no, I'm not coming in on Saturday.
The warehouse guys are a bunch of jackasses sometimes.
I'm so sorry, Pammy.  I really wasn't gonna do anything.  But then I... kept thinkin' about you two together, and...  I just thought you guys were really good friends, or... or maybe he was gay or somethin'... Not that that's wrong.
OK. Are you sure I can't use like, the cartoons from the newspaper?
I didn't do anything. Ask anyone, I totally could have and I didn't at all.
I think after I lost Culpepper and T.O it was over, man.
[Katy walks through breakroom] Man, I would be all over that if I wasn't dating Pam.
Just tell her I'll talk to her later.
Okay. Hey, don't try to lose too much money, all right?
You guys, uh, want a round, on me?
I was just kidding.  You know I didn't mean it. I can't...
Uh... Oh, I got it! Uh, what's the name of that, uh, tight ass, uh, Christian, uh, chick. The, uh, the blond?
Aw, yeah, god, we appreciate everyone coming so early. It's, everyone's just been so nice.
[Karen walks in] Hey. All right, I'll see you guys later. [leaves room]
You know how I said I was taking boxing lessons? Actually, I was doing this. Um, so, I hope that you like it. [sits in front of piano]
