Welcome to Scranton, Jo. Land of a thousand problems only you can fix. [Jo's phone starts vibrating, she picks it up and sees Dwight has texted her 'Dwight's ability as a manager has lead him to higher levels of proffesional success,'] Oh for god's sake. He's texting me his resume one line at a time. These are costing me ten cents a piece, you jackass! I'm roaming!
[to Angela, who's having a hard time deciding on a chair] Just choosing seats, not getting married. Chop, chop little onion!
No, send him in. [to Search Committee] Who is this?
Well, some pretty big shoes to fill. I was sorry to hear about Deangelo. He was a good man. Tragic. [Jim coughs]
Let's just talk.
No, that's very generous of you, but I'm all set.
You should take that as a compliment!
If it doesn't matter, then tell me.
Yeah.
You can go on. Shoo!
Because I want to deal with it the way I deal with it.
So listen, why don't you tell Gabe if by the end of the day you can't handle the changes.
But you wouldn't need more trucks?
Shooting is worse! Are you kidding me? It's not even in the same - you shot a gun? What is wrong with you?
[as Gabe hands out forms to everyone] It's a little form, says 'I did not do it.'
Well, this is my last day at the Scranton branch for a while. But I'm leaving it in the very capable hands of some of the loveliest people I've ever had the pleasure of knowing. Oh I'm gonna miss this place. And the snow! Hoo, my dogs love peeing in that snow! Makes me think they're onto something.
I am so proud of Sabre's 'Print In All Colors' initiative. Any Sabre employee of color, is welcome to apply. [Kelly applauds]  Daryl?
Oh no honey, if you got a bug, I want you to go on home. I can't have you getting Callie and Jo Jr. sick. These dogs have got to be in a commercial with Dwight Howard next week.
It's not. Let's get Kelly in here to take his place.
Err, thank you very much. We, we don't get to see much coal in Tallahassee, I'm used to alligators, and some of the worst Chinese food you've ever tasted.
Why is this my problem, Michael?
Oh look at you.
Have I been that naughty?
Ohh, Robin was good. She's always good. Keeps him on his toes. Its Howard's show though. [picks up resume from Jim's desk] Whose is this? Darryl Philbin. Ohh. Very nice to see a familiar face on top. Ah... a little long aren't we? Four pages? Is this the same Darryl Philbin who's had two jobs in ten years at one company?
[gesturing to Michael] I thought this guy was the manager?
When I was growing up, there was nothing better than being a big old business tycoon. And I thought I'd break that glass ceiling and be a hero to all those little girls out there... and they'd make a Barbie out of me.
We don't need any heroes here honey. It's time for you to get on home now.
You know, Michael, you have more experience in sales and management, so I'm gonna defer to your judgment.
So it's not relevant that he took the receptionist away from you?
How'd my girl Nellie do?
Oh good morning sweetheart.
I want to talk to Dwight Schrute for a second. I want to ask him a question. [Gabe gets up to leave] If he isn't here in sixty seconds...
Now Jim here is thinking about taking himself out of the running for being manager.
Turn me around. Now. [Michael starts to leave, Jo whistles] Hey, Buddy. Is it something I said?
Course you all, no doubt, know why I'm here.
[cell phone rings] Oh, I gotta take this. Yep. Uh, finish walking my dogs for me. And don't ride 'em. Lotta people try to ride 'em.
Better.
This is knucklehead talk. I'm not gonna bite it, you know. You can't give me gravy and tell me it's jelly, because gravy ain't sweet! Is it, Jim?
I think you [to Michael] will become the salesman, and congratulations! [to Jim] You're gonna be the new manager of this branch!
[to Dwight] Hello.
Let's just say I had hired this Jack Souvenir. Then what?
Fine. I don't care which one of you does which job, just stop meeting with me to talk about it.
I, did I sell cheap printers? I do. But if I have to go out there in front of the press and make one of them public apology recalls, I mean, it's all I'll ever be remembered for. Nobody will want to play with my Barbie.
Oh, I love this, so much fun! There's such team spirit in this room! 'Morning Darling!
Can you now?
Overnight all my damn bags home. I'm carrying nothing but my Sable gloves.  I've had it with Homeland Security. And I want you to put all those tracking numbers in my Blackberry.
And that's your unbiased opinion.
You two are grown-ass men. What do I have to do, fire you and get two people in here who don't need so much management?
Hahahahahaha.
The way I look at it, there's only one of two reasons. He knows a secret about her that she doesn't know herself, or he wants to use her services to mop up after a murder.
Now, after all the talking I've been doing. It's your turn. This is a town hall meeting. I want to hear what you all sound like.
Hey, all! Cornelius, Bobo, have at it. Nobody let my dogs hump each other. They don't seem to know they're brothers.
And we didn't find anything on your computer.
Michael?
Question 1. Ever shot a gun in the office?
I'm not sure you do, teddy bear.
Let me see what I can do.
Beaumont-Adams is a girl's gun. That just makes it plain stupid.
All that for this job.
Not long ago, we discovered a defect in one of our printers, so we got a software patch and fixed it right up, just like that. I don't know how it works. But just as we were about to send out a letter to our affected customers, giving 'em free toner, and we keep 'em, happy, but somebody here, they liked that first story better. The one where we lose half our clients for no damn good reason! Whoever it was who talked to the press, they should come forward, please.
Anything I can do for you Puddin'?
Oh, hello, Mr. Scott. Pleased to meet you.
So say we catch this whistleblower, what do you think I should do with him?
Get everybody sick in the office.
That's right, darlin', now you're the proud new owner of a Sabre handbook and my autobiography. Now, you all must be in a tizzy. I can see it on your faces, I mean, what's going on now? I mean, who owns Dunder Mifflin? Right? I mean, Sabre? What's that? Some company I've never heard of? Down in Tallahassee? Where is that? Near Mars?
Was how I put it not clear enough? I mean, you had to go and make up your own saying? Deal with it, boys.
Huh?
Who's this fella? Went to Cornell. What's wrong with him?
Okay.
Gabe...ugh... you got all close to these people. Got involved in their lives. Let's get you back to Florida. We'll figure out something for you.
No, child. No. It's over. Now I gotta find a replacement for my replacement.
Hey, I appreciate you reading that statement. You looked pretty up there.
What?!
Well, I guess we're all right, Michael.
Except this. [hands stack of paper to Toby]
You three are my search committee. You're in charge of finding me my next manager. All righty?
Dwight! Walk me out. Let's talk soon. And stay on top of these people. You gotta admit it - it's nice to have a little power, eh? How's it feel?
[Michael dressed as Jo Bennett, using a bad Southern accent] DeAngelo! We're in serious horse manure here! The Dundies are tonight! And we ain't got no host!
Now, I love reading, and I hate being interrupted. Shut up and listen, you gay bastard. Chapter One. I was born, not into luxary, nor poverty. [Gabe looks through Jo's book] But into adversity, and for that, I thank the Lord. My Father was a man. That's all we can know.  After I learned to ride a bike, there was no stopping me. I would ride up Magnolia Stree and down Azalea Lane. Which would later become my--
I'm Jolene Bennett, Jo for short. I'm a breast cancer survivor, close, personal friends with Nancy Pelosi, and Truman Capote and I slept with three of the same guys. When I was a little girl, I was terrified to fly, and now I have my own pilot's license. I am CEO of Sabre International, and I sell the best damn printers and all-in-one machines Korea can make. Pleased to meet you.
Thank you.
Well, I got a nephew too. But he don't work for me. You know why? Cause he's a screw-up. He can swim in my pool but he can't come in my house.
Wait a minute, who is it? Who's there? Is there somebody in the room with you? [Michael gesturing 'no'] I want to see who it is. Turn me around.
Yes, well okay. Florida ain't that far away.
Why don't you come with me? We'll start out with the honcho, what'cha say?
Who's Holly?
Cause Gabe's tall and weak. She's short and strong. I'm doing an opposites thing.
Well I mean, if you can put your name on this day, and be proud of the amount of work you've done, then, by all means, you should toodle on home.
If you keep him, Michael, I'm gonna hold you accountable for him. You're on the hook for this kid. You got that? Cover his ass like tighty-whities.
They're the easiest-to-use printers on the market.
Well, I think you're both being a little too modest.
Till then, we need a new acting manager. Now, who's got the most experience in this office?
Oh honey. I'm not home, very often. And uh, me and my relatives, they take up the guesthouse. I think you should check with my office, before you book any dates, okay?
Integrity move. I like it.
Well there's chatting time and there's working time. I'm still on working time.
Good-looking group.
Okay.
I like that.
Michael?
Turns out our printers are famous. They're all over the news. It's an interesting story. Cheap foreign printers attacking innocent Americans. Well, actually the, the real story isn't quite as racy, but uh... let's give it a go.
Oh, I hate that.
All that's just birthday information, Michael.
Yeah, I want to hear more from you.
Who else would be responsible?
Well, if you feel like you've done a solid days work...
They love a good crotch.
Luckily I have someone for you!
I love you, Dwight. But you don't fit this job.
Thank you. You know I get way too many ideas from the top. Now I want to hear your ideas. I mean, did you guys know that Liquid Paper? That wasn't invented by some fancy engineer. No, that was created by a lowly typist.
Michael.
When Mama was working as a prison guard and something went missing, she'd ask one question: What do we do when we find the guilty party? And if they said, 'Come down on him with that swift hammer of justice!', innocent. A clear conscience don't need no mercy. But if they said 'Officer Bessie, well they may have had a reason, blah blah blah blah', well nine times out of ten, that's the anus they'd check.
Well, I'm gonna let this marinate. So you can go.
Empathize with me for a moment. I came up here with a big problem, and now I got a branch manager who's giving me the silent treatment... Speak to me... speak. [Jo's dog barks] Come with me.
Oh, that's Mrs. Bennett, sweetheart. My husband and I are divorced, but I kept the 'Mrs.' just to piss off the new wife. Well, let's take a gander around this place.
[Jim's edited version of her book on tape]: Now listen here, Gabe, you're too fat. No one's gonna like you if you're too fat. I made some changes to my book. See if you like them.
Uh, that's, uh, Guantanamo Bay.
Sorry Sugar. What'd you want?
Oh, you don't become the most powerful woman in Tallahassee by slacking off. [Scoffs] You do it by working hard. Or marrying rich. I did both!
The moment Darla put the cupcake in her mouth, her daddy pulled her aside and said, 'You're Too Fat. No one's gonna like you if you're too fat.' The next time I saw David Geffen was at the buffalo club. 'I love you, you Gay Bastard,' I said. 'You Gay Bastard,' I s--. 'Gay Ba--' 'Gay B--''
Lower yourself, Gabe. I don't wanna be having a conversation with your crotch. Ok, educate me now why you won't fire the boy.
I would take until the end of the day if I were you. [Michael leaves conference room]
Oh honey, surely you don't want that.
Yeah. I think I understand.
Two guys doing one job? We gotta do something about that!
I'll interview you right now.
Yeah, I noticed you've had a great year. Good boy... you turning that money into more money?
I think that's it. So we're all good! [many employees raise their hands] Thanks ya'll.
Aw, thank you. I've been working on it since I was a little girl. To, um, to what do I owe the pleasure of this videochat?
All right.
Michael Scott... what do you know?
Mama Jo knew there was something up.
Coordinated and implemented receipt storage and delivery of over 2.5 billion units of inventory. 2.5 billion, Darryl? 2.5 billion units of what?
Anything else I can help you with?
I've always been a fighter. And Fate has obliged me with plenty of battles, the first being a hard--
Well, give me a shout if I can brighten your life.
[walks in with her dogs] Gabe, honey! Oh, lord. Take all this. [gives the dog leashes and multiple bags to Gabe]
All right then.
Paper material?
Oh honey you didn't buy a ticket?
Oh, stop asking yourself easy questions so you can look like a genius.
Do you always stay seated when a lady enters the room?
Okay, it's fun to talk about the rejects, but uh, who's got ya excited?
Well, if you ever get down in my neck of the woods, you got a place to stay.
Oh no no no!  Are you feeling ill?
I'm sorry but is that a gift I see in your hands?
You know it doesn't have to be an invention.
Howdy. I hope I'm not interrupting anything.
Okay hush now.
Oh, speak of the devil. We were just talking about you. Have a seat!
I look forward to that too.
[Looks over his proposal] I like this Daryl. I like this a lot. Maybe you should be doing your sketching upstairs. Would you like an office up here?
Each of you is doing half a job.
Michael.
Sounds like you were as blindsided by this as I was.
That's f***ing crazy. [Jo and Dwight both smile] Get outta here. [Dwight leaves] What a nutjob.
Yes?
I know what it is. I skimmed the first chapter. I'm just curious, why would a man who hates people want to have a relationship with a maid?
She didn't mention it?
Who is it?
Hello?
[pulls out glass cube with coal.] Is that a lump of coal?
Pardon. Pardon me, Mr. Scott, but the last time I saw a company as mismanaged as Dunder Mifflin, it was my grandson's snowball company, so you'll excuse me if I prefer that you all adapt to the way that we do things.
Honey, you don't seem like your normal self.
Yeah. Take Jim's old office.
Or what? You gonna shoot me?
Yes it is.
I think one of you should return to sales, and the other one be manager.
Now Dunder Mifflin has an arm's reach in all these small businesses all over the northeast. Now we're gonna take that arm, and we're gonna start selling printers.
Another couple of heartbreakers. Who is this tall drink of sun tea?
Slow yourself down there. Just like a man. Wants to jump right into it while I still got my socks on. Jim Halpert - the only man that ever turned me down.
Hey!
Okay Dwight.
I don't like to tell a man what to do with his money, but if you ain't investing in property, then you're dumber than a dummy.
Oh! You're sick! [Andy coughs] Dangit! That's exactly why I sent that receptionist home.
