Oh, great. Well, what is a hero to you?
Um...
Great.
I can't leave until you do.
No. With more ignorance.
Now, I need you to take these forms. This kind of expresses the joint experience we had today. And I need you to look 'em over and sign them as kind of a group pledge.
Michael, can I talk to you candidly?
Great. Guy listening. Ok, anyone else remember?
Well, we only have an hour.
We both know that I'm here because of the comments you made.
Thank you. OK. Now, at the start of the session, I had you all write down an incident that you found offensive in the workplace. Now, what I'm going to do is choose one and we're going to act it out.
Does this company have 100 years to erase?
Okay, Michael, I just...
Thanks for filling these out. I promise this will be quick. We only have about an hour.
Does anyone have anything else at all? Anyone besides Michael?
Now, this is a simple acronym. HERO. Uh, at Diversity Today, we believe it is very easy to be a HERO. All you need are honesty, empathy, respect and open-mindedness.
OK.
Don't worry about dating.
I'm sorry, Michael. We're actually out of time.
Oh, my sorry. That is not appropriate.
Those are my instructions from the Corporate offices to put you through this seminar for the comments that you made. The reason I made copies for everyone was so you wouldn't be embarrassed.
Great. We're all set.
No, no, no, no. An outsider's perspective would probably be pretty helpful.
Beautiful.
Ok, you're thinking of a superhero.
So we're going to reenact this with a more positive outcome.
Yes, please.
HERO, at Diversity Today, we believe it is very easy to be a HERO. All you need are honesty, empathy, respect and open-mindedness.
That's fighting ignorance with more ignorance.
Yes, exactly. Now here's what we're going to do. I've noticed that...
Good.
Wait a second.
Okay, um. Uh, I'll try to make this quick.
Right. Exactly. Uh, instead, we need to celebrate our diversity.
Thank you very much. And it would also help me if you were seated.
Stop it!
Great. You're the Chris Rock guy and you're guy listening.
Oh right, more like 200 years.
Yes, but you're not listening to me. Yours is the only signature I need.
Well, it's my name. It's not a test. OK? Um, so looking through the cards, I've noticed that many of you wrote down the same incident, which is ironic, because it's the exact incident I was brought in here to respond to. Now, how many of you are familiar with the Chris Rock routine? Very good. OK.
Uh, see this is what I'm talking about. We don't have to pretend we're color-blind.
Um, it's not throwing me. I need your signature.
OK. Thank you.
Yeah, but it's not appropriate. This is not helpful as a memory aid.
Well, let's have someone who wasn't involved in the reenactment.
Actually, I'd prefer not to start that way. Michael, I would love to have your permission to run this session. Can I have your permission?
