This is plaintiff's exhibit 107. I quote from an entry dated Janruary 4 of this past year. 'Just got back from Jamaica. Tan almost everywhere. Jan almost everywhere. Hehe. Oh diary, what a week. I had sex with my boss. I don't know if it's going to go anywhere. Jan was very specific that this is not going anywhere, that it was a one time mistake. But we had sex six times so you tell me. I am definitely feeling very eerie.'
Did Ms. Levinson ever say why she thought she was being fired?
She thought it had something to do with her recent breast enhancement surgery?
Ms. Levinson told you she was your direct superior?
You don't need to go any further. Her breasts.
What about your romantic relationship with Ms. Levinson? Could that have played a part in her termination?
Starting at paragraph 6. Council: 'Mr. Wallace, regarding Michael Scott, was he a contender to replace Jan Levinson?' David Wallace: 'Yes.'
Irie, sorry. 'More tomorrow. xoxo, Michael.' It would appear, that neither you nor Ms. Levinson considered you had a relationship in any sense of the word. Is that correct?
And you were directly under her the entire time?
You can respond, just remember it's all going into the record.
Council: 'Was he your first choice?' David Wallace: 'Michael Scott is a fine employee who has been with the company for many years.'
Mr. Scott, can you describe the circumstances of Ms. Levinson's termination?
I have one more question, Mr. Scott. Wouldn't you agree with Ms. Levinson that the company exhibits a pattern of disrespect toward its employees?
With all due respect, I'm in the middle of a line of questioning. Now Mr. Scott, what did you say Ms. Levinson said? Regarding your employment status with respect to her corporate position.
Wait, we'd like to enter to the record a page from Michael Scott's personal journal.
Can you go back to where this digression began?
Aren't we trying to determine whether Michael or Jan were engaged in a romantic affair? Not Michael and this Ryan person.
A good start. And I think it's busload.
