Now, don't worry, don't worry. I'm on my way to pick her up, but you might have lice too. You know, lice can be tricky. Sometimes lice, like...[Pam hangs up phone]
Oh, I know.  I love how they use butter cream frosting.
[on speaker phone] Hi, honey, it's mom. Look, Cece's school just called. She still has lice.
Thank you. [they hug]
Well, as long as you're running numbers Pam, then help me out with this one.  Let's see your six months pregnant, but you've only been married for 30 days, so what does that add up to?
Oh you'll love it.  You can have my guide books.  I think I'm done with those really long plane rides.
[looking through the book]  A poem!
[laughs] Sticking with 49.
[reading]  I can not go to school today said little Peggy Ann McKay...
Oh, well I like Nana, but I also like the classic Grandma.
Well, thank you.  All of you.
Michael, what are you talking about?
[holding the baby, walks up to Jim] Hi, honey. I was just changing the baby.
Oh, Michael what do you think?  Grandma?
Wait a minute.  [looks at the bag in Michael's hand] Is that another birthday present for me cause you already gave me a necklace.
Oh, oh no.  I don't think so.
[hugging book] God... it's a scrapbook.
[opens present, reads inscription] A scrapbook of our first memories by Michael Gary Scott.  For my girlfriend Helene on your birthday.  [laughs]
Well, it was an adventure and a half trying to find the cafeteria, but I have returned with the coffee.
Hmmm?
So, Pammy-- are you still liking sales?
I, um-- I got it.
Oh no, I think a triathlon is pretty much something I can rule out.  It just-- doesn't interest me.
What did you think we were?
I'm sure I won't.
Oh--
Ooh, somebody has a full diaper.
Michael?
Um-- I have the measles and the mumps, a gash, a rash and purple bumps. And my teachers really mean-- Happy Birthday , I love you Helene.
It'll go away in time just don't touch it.
Hello, Michael.
Well, you know-- Michael and I were-- talking, and maybe if you put a little more face to face time with your clients you could improve your sales.
You want to go snowboarding?
I think it's wonderful, absolutely wonderful.
No, no... [laughs]
Hmm... I might have done it when I was younger, but now there's just other things I'd rather be doing, instead of running and jumping and swimming--
Tell her how you gave it to me.
Gimme.  Look at this wrapping paper.  It's got the word love on it in every language.
He put it around my neck while I was still asleep this morning.  What a nice way to wake up.
Love you.
Uh huh.
It was from the wishing well at the mall.  You threw it in.  I went back later, waded in and I found it.
[sees table decorated with a banner and balloons] Oh my God!
No.  I'm 58.
