I gave up a lot of weekends because I thought it'd be good for my daughter to see a black man as president. Even in a silly home movie. What a stupid waste of time.
I wish, but uh-
[to Andy] Take a shot.
Uh, Matt is on a delivery. Just leave it here, I'll take it.
They only want it for the initials.
Yeah, sell!
It's not that we don't believe in the company, We don't believe in you.
Really? 'Cause I think maybe I saw five.
I made a suggestion at the meeting that was good. You were there.
Cable's out.
[Michael walks into disarray of people's reactions to the TV going out] Where you been?
Oh. Yeah, um, I must have did that when I was in the bathroom.  All right then, uh, let me get to it.
So this new computer you found in the warehouse.
Yeah, you really did. 'Cause I know every INCH of that warehouse.
If everybody wants to sell, we sell, right?
And I'd blow your mind.
Not at all. There's a way that it can be scheduled. I sketched this out downstairs.
Absolutely.
Thank you.
[opens the door the Ryan's office, grabs him by the shirt, pulls him out of his chair] Consider it a WUPHF in person. [shoves Ryan down to a chair]
Is it any particular branch of Washington University?
What is wrong with you? What happened to you in High School?
[singing] Moving on up, to the East Side, to the deluxe apartment in the sky...
Maybe you could go back down there and see if you can find me some extra sick days.
Matt's a pretty good-looking dude, don't you think?
Are you serious?
Look, this is a marketing campgain. You got nine days. Let's say you do get the money. What are you going to do with it?
You got this crazy opportunity to get our money back. Tell Mike To Sell.
Now Mike, I have to ask you to leave, so that I can learn about this tiny television.
Andy look, all I know is that if I was a girl, and I had to choose between the tall dude who loved Asia, and the you looking dude who loves sweaters and wearing sweaters... I'd choose you.
W.U.P.H.F.
Hey! What are you fellas doing up here?
Wow, so much Asia stuff. I wonder if there's a guy in China right now, looking at a bunch of our stuff.
