You called me man? I just said my name just now, did you forget it already?
We're a legit operation with a license from the city I can show you. We pay minimum wage against commision---
I just want to remind you to stick to the script. Improving the work. So, make the call, say the lines, make the sale. Got it?
I don't know what to tell you, man. I'm sorry, I just can't give out his password like that.
I think that you should call the cops.
Hey guys, uh, sorry to interrupt. I just wanted to say goodbye to everyone. Through Teach for America, I'm going to go down to Detroit and teach, uh, inner city kids about computers.
You, you guys have fifteen parties a week, you can't learn my name?
Good for Vikram, because he out-sells you every night.
Okay, look, I get it, people. I'm the lame IT guy, and everybody hates me.
Yeah. [Kevin runs to his desk] I already got to yours, Kevin. [Kevin runs back]
Mind if I get in there for a second?
You give a quick pitch. You make the sale. You move on. That's how Vikram does it.
Just one... [Dwight pushes Nick's neck to the desk and pushes his arm up] Gah! Ah! Dwight, what the hell?
A few more minutes is a waste of our time.
You could make jokes when you've made a sale there rookie, ok? [laughter ends]
Everybody in the conference room. In 5 minutes.
Well, you don't want to wait too long, Pam.  Otherwise the baby's going to become a teenager in there and you'll be up all night, from the rock music.
We're offering a $50 bonus tonight to the guy with the most sales. Ok.
Oh yeah, it's just that my friends are in the car waiting, so I thought I would...
Thank you so much for that. I saw all your hard drives, and guess what? [gestures to Ryan] You're not a photographer. [gestures to Kelly] And you definitely can't fit into a size two. Darryl, man, you're on Facebook. Why you been telling people you're not on Facebook? People want to be your friend, man! All right? And you. [points to Andy] This guy, you're the one who told the press. You wrote an e-mail to the editor. I saw it, and I also saw a QuickTime movie of your little printer fire test on your hard drive. This guy's the snitch, he's the snitch. So that's it, check it out. [gives the finger]
