Michael, you have to let this go. I'm with someone else. I don't feel that way anymore.
We have to convince Dunder and Mifflin to go back in time... fix their parents. [both laugh]
Oh... [laughs along] Nice, I've never heard that one before actually.
Oh, no, he said you were a really good salesman.
You guys, this has to stop. Someone could have really gotten hurt.
Oh, well....look, we could always call, or email, or write. I should get all your email addresses.
Okay, bye. Okay, bye. [kisses Michael] I'll miss you.
So we're only eight pounds behind Utica.  Now, I know it's a stretch but we could weigh ourselves again at the end of the day and maybe win this thing after all.
Someday I would love to hear 'Beers in Heaven.'
The Springsteen tickets seemed too good to be true. But, a lot of Michael seems too good to be true. So far it's all true. But yeah, those tickets, really seemed too good to be true.
Oh, I say, I say, I say I sit on you!
Do any of you have any concrete complaints about something he's done?
I have to unpack this weekend but maybe next weekend we go to the outlets!
Pencils down! [Dwight quickly puts his pencil down] Just kidding, take your time.
Oh, yeah. I brought um, some maple candy. But I have to admit, I got a little hungry on the drive, and I ate some of them.
[as Yoda] Pass curvy metal piece, you will.
Oh... We haven't found our great idea yet.
It's been a weird week since we found out I had to transfer. Michael wanted me to quit and get some job here in Scranton, and I said 'Well, why don't you quit and get some job in Nashua?' And he said 'I asked you first.'  And I said 'First!' at the same time he did. And then I said 'Jinx.' And then we never talked about it again and haven't been back to the conversation. So...
How do you think it went before the Buffalo thing?
We sat down and we watched them all in one day.
I'm saying that her behavior is unethical and a little icky and I don't think I want to work in an environment where that sort of conduct is tolerated.
I live here. Um, can I talk to you about Michael?
Yes, that came out during the ethics seminar.
And exercise. Although I know everybody loves going to the gym.
I didn't forget my keys, I just didn't want to make out with you in front of the cameras. Do you think they can hear us?
Yes, it's called time theft, and it's the same as taking money from the company.  Can anyone think of examples of things that are over the line time wasters?
Wait, wait, wait, what do you mean you love me? We've only been dating for a week. Do you mean you love me like, 'oh, hey, there's Holly. I love that girl.' Or you do you mean you love me like you love me-love me?
We could go to the food court and get different foods. You could get Chicken Teriyaki. I could get a hot dog.
And you know what?  I even got two tickets to see the Counting Crows tonight as a surprise.  Why do guys not call when they say they are gonna call?
Stealing office supplies is another big ethical area that there seems to be some confusion about.
Maybe we didn't want to think about it. We can make it work. We'll date long-distance.
Maybe Mikanos ran away to join the Italian circus.
What do you do in your free time?
Oh, maybe you can show me some of the fun hangouts, and where to get my nails done.
Eight point five.  I got a red wine stain on my favorite shirt.  But he's cute, right?
Oh, look at all this stuff! It's only seven hours.
[walking out of the building] Oh, I forgot my keys.
Um, I-I brought the binder. Do you wanna take a little look?
Yes I did, I think Todd's gonna make a great addition to the staff.
How's everyone doing? My door is always open if anyone wants to talk.
I cannot keep myself from Michael. Everything he does is sexy. He has this undeniable animal magnetism. He's a jungle cat. The man exudes sex. He can put both his legs behind his head.
It's kind of a good news, bad news situation.  The bad news is we're not doing very well, so we really had to starve ourselves this whole week. But the good news is that all the other branches are doing just as bad as we are, so corporate upped the prize to five days.  So if we stay fat long enough, we may actually get a whole month off.
Well we could put it in storage... in case.
Well I did show my face around these parts, you old bastard.
I got it for Christmas. I'm so out of my league here.
[sticking both ring fingers up] Ha ha, ha ha!
I'm starting to get a feeling for what life was like around here for Toby.
Ok. [to everyone] Michael makes a really good point so, uh, let's just open this up a little bit. Say my name is Lauren and here I am shopping in a supermarket and I steal a pencil.  That's not right.
[imitating E.T.] New phone is confusing. Gets bad reception.
We could stay in a cozy B&B with a fireplace?
Hmm. Well how much money do you have there? [looks at the change in his hand] Okay, let's see... fifty... Oh, this is a button. Okay. Fifty-five, sixty-five, okay, you have seventy-five cents. So, that means you could get anything up in the top row.
Michael scored the big ticket item.  Springsteen tickets! The boss scored the boss.
Well, I just have to get through the binder.
Jaws. They swim in the ocean and they terrorize the whole community.
In this next section we examine the difference between sick days and personal days.  Sick days are only to be used when an illness precludes you form doing your job or can spread to your coworkers.  Personal days, on the other hand, are much more flexible.
[in a New York accent] Have ya hoyd the news? Extry! Extry! Read all about it!
Michael. Don't. Don't. Don't make it harder than it has to be.
Can I talk to you for a second?
Can I have everyone's attention?  Excuse me, may I have everyone's attention, please.  We need to finish the ethics seminar.
Oh, no, Michael, I don't want to talk about it with you. I mean, I'm fine, I just... I don't want to talk about it.
Give me all your money and take off your clothes.
Hey, could I have a rain check on the mini-golf. I, uh, actually have a date tonight.
Were there even cows where you grew up?
What if I said it wasn't up to them?
Look, I'm not playing. I'm gonna go look for him.
Sorry to interrupt. Forgot to collect my things.
Have any of you ever faced any ethical dilemmas in the work place?
Do you have a script for the sketch, or...
Why is it such a certainty that we are supposed to be together?
He had a little note pinned to him that said, 'You've got a friend in me.'
No, what I'm saying is, he's not funny, but you're funnier than he is.
[talking head] It's a little sad. Michael and I just started dating. He wants me to stay and get a job around here as a baker. Or a baker's helper.
Waaa! More paper! Waaa! [she cracks herself up but Jan is unimpressed]  No, she's just on a coffee break.
No. Which one's Kevin? [they glance over at Kevin subtly, who is stifling a giggle]
Ok, but we should get back to business.  Have any of you ever faced any ethical dilemmas in the workplace.
Now he's the biggest Toy Story fanatic ever.
[in the same accent] Watch out for my guns they're both loaded. [makes gun noises]
Yeah, yeah it's just you know I don't want to go home when he's on his death bed you know, I wanna be there when he's still my dad.
[pushing Kevin away] Um, yeah, that's not gonna happen.
Stop looking at me like that. Okay, let's just go up somewhere high and see if we could spot him on the street below.
Today is ethics day.  After they finish their quiz I'm going to run my first ethics meeting here.  It's gonna be insaaaaane.  No, it's not.  I have to read from the binder.
No, Darryl did not touch me. Can we just keep going, please? [crying]
Stealing office supplies is another big ethical area that there seems to be some confusion about.
It's been a little tense.  People are suspicious of me.  And my best friend in the office won't even talk to me. Turns out being the morality police does not make you popular.  I should know because in middle school I was the hall monitor and the kids used to stuff egg salad in my locker.  I was just hoping middle school was over.
Yeah, but we wrote it specifically for this audience.
Oh, just changing my cell phone plan. Okay. Okay. Here you go.  I'll take my free stress ball too now.
Nothing really happened. I mean, I know I made a big deal about this whole New Year's deadline, but um, it came and went... and, we're still together.
Yeah, Andy proposed to one of your accountants.
Will you stop! There has been a few coincidences, that's all.
If you leave on Friday, by five, you'll be rolling in at... midnight? At best?
Well if that's the case, I guess I've gotta be fired too. [all groan in disgust]
Really, you can't think of anything else that you might have?
And then sleep in Saturday. That only leaves us less than 24 hours before you have to go back again.
Everyone, please, I just need your signatures to show corporate that I gave you the training.
No. I know. I was like, 'What? Are you serious?'
I don't know what you're getting so upset about, we had to break up a long time ago, it was a good memory.
Ok, let's just all try and work harder, ok?
Oh really? You don't think he walked by the bakery just for the smell of it?
We have to try this out on somebody.
That is correct! [both run to another side of the stage, acting out a different scene] How did you know that?! [pantomimes electrocuting Michael]
So much happening. [not as excited as Michael]
Three nuns, [Michael laughs] from a Missionary in South Africa.
Ok: Bill Cosby [puts the ant tube high up. Each time she mentions a name it gets lower], Steve Martin, Charlie Bit My Finger, Michael Scott, then all the way down here [tube takes a jump to the bottom] Todd Packer.
Thanks Michael. [Michael groans exhaustingly] Today we're going to have a business ethics seminar because recently, without mentioning any names, there has been some misconduct at corporate and we have a very strict ethics policy and that employee has been fired.
[walks into conference room with Michael and Todd] Hi!
Don't you have a sales call to go on?
Okay, listen, I'm gonna tell him that if he doesn't propose by the end of this year, we're over.
Yeah, I know what you mean. I nearly fell asleep when he gave me a tour of the files. Um, well look, I'll let you get back to work, but I-I really look forward to working with you, Mr. Scott.
Oh, it's fabulous. I love what you did.
No, I have to go over pencils and office supplies.  It's part of the ethics thing.
No! You do not talk to him like that!
Oh no, I see they're letting just anybody in here.
That wasn't us, right? I mean... you remembered to lock the doors?
I mean all of you have done things I wouldn't have done myself but Meredith's actions are really over the line.
There is no joke. I just said it because I haven't had much luck lately and I'm not really looking to date. Maybe I should switch to women.
[walks in with a dirty Woody] Who did this? It's obvious to me I'm not welcome here, but somebody better tell me who did this, or else I'm leaving.
No, you are saying that we should sweep it under the carpet, accept the discount on supplies, not fire Meredith and pretend like the whole thing never happened.
Michael, thank you so much for saying that. [puts a hand on his arm] I feel so welcome here.
It's not that bad. But if I'm really jonesing to see you guys, I can always fly.
And arch your back. And slowly bring up your head. [Michael and Holly face each other in yoga pose]
Wha- It's your dream and you never even mentioned it before!
Oh, I don't know, Michael. I'm not feeling up to that.
The economic downturn has been difficult recently, forcing the closures of both Camden and Yonkers, to be followed soon by what other branch? For five-hundred thousand dollars, is it A.) Scranton, B.) Buffalo, C.) Utica, or D.) toothbrush!
What? No. Dwight asked if I wanted an egg roll. What... what are you implying?
[pantomimes biting off Michael's fingers, Michael screams] How did you know that?!
Your wife becoming me will I. [everyone in the kitchen starts cheering, then enters annex]
Dwight's right. What you did was dangerous and inappropriate. I'm really surprised at you guys. Last time I was here, you were both best friends.
Hey, I'm so glad you came down. It's been so much harder than I expected.
Wow, you love me-love me. I love you-love you. [both laugh]
What I don't understand is... why the steak coupons?  I mean, if you were already getting the discounted paper?
Thank you.  In fact, spending a half hour at the water cooler during work hours is a form of stealing.
Michael, you cried at that tagline for a movie you made up.
Aww man, I really wanted to see them.
Michael's recommendation was glowing! And, honestly, he's been nothing but nice to me!
I just got off... Kendall?  I just got off...
[with accent] It's a very strong coffee with milk from a goat.
...or that Dunder Mifflin does not discriminate.  Nor does it condone unhealthy dieting habits or extreme weight loss strategies.  As was clearly stated in the official starting---'
Mom, Dad can't seem to focus on a subject.
Meredith, that is serious.  I mean not only that a conflict of interests, there's also an exchange of goods.
And I was thinking... you know maybe since given our last conversation that we're both ready... Michael Scott will you..
I... I'm not there Dad, I'm in Pennsylvania.
He knows how to get things. He got me.
Oh, after vous. [walking into the girls bathroom]
Stop. You can let yourself be upset. He's your friend. You know what I usually find?...
[interrupting Oscar] Well, I just want to say goodbye. [hugs Oscar]
I think I need to go home to Colorado. My dad isn't doing so well.
No, it's not a formality.  Now, were these, um, meet-ups just personal?  Unrelated to business?
[sternly] Michael, I have been dating A.J. for a year and a half now. You do this you know.
Oh, that would be great. You need that.
Okay, look. We can't fire someone because we don't like him.
Oh, it was a pretty good company, but I just couldn't see a future there. They kept hiring from the outside. It was easy to get in but impossible to rise up.
Well that is a very safe place for them.
Oh, thanks. I'm really looking forward to sitting down with you and finding out more about what you do here.
Michael is taking a personal day to move me up.
I'm not saying it won't be hard. But we can make it work. That's what she said.
Oh, it's so nice to be back. It looks beautiful in here. Super classy. It's like a party for limousine drivers.
Let's start discussing those questionnaires that you filled in this morning.  It is wrong to make personal calls during work hours. Now, some of you marked that you very strongly agree.  But ideally you would have selected totally agree.
Well, that's very sweet but we have to follow the protocol.  Those are the rules.
Yep, the old comedy team is back together again.
[deep man voice] I'll pay the rent! [Michael laughs] Okay, my mom's looking at me and she has no sense of humor. It's a joke mom!
Well unfortunately immunity or something being off the record does not really exist in the workplace.  I mean I've never heard of anyone who's kept their job after something like this.
Yeah, it was a good day. I mean, first days are always the hardest, right? Well, I should go. [Kevin is waiting in the car] I gotta buckle him in.
No, Michael. I don't....[mimicking Scooby-Doo] I'm gonna puke!
Michael, there is some serious issues with Meredith.
And I want you to come with me. Now I know that's a lot to ask of a boyfriend..
Oh, I get it. Everybody knows about the ultimatum.
Um, I think I know. But I'll sound stupid if I'm wrong but is Dad there?
[to Toby] What did you do to him?
Oh, I want kids. I really want kids. But AJ and I are practically engaged. We talk about spending our lives together.
Well why do you have to make a movie at all?
Robert Mifflin had a great life. But unfortunately, had undiagnosed depression, which over nine million Americans suffer from and is very treatable. For two hundred and fifty dollars, how did he kill himself? A.) A rope, B.) a knife, C.) a gun, D.) brushing his teeth!
Oh, okay, get ready for this. You're not gonna believe it. I was making salad, and he fell right into the dressing. I mean, there was salad dressing all over him.
So... You know, somehow after all those ribs, I'm still really hungry. I don't know, I was thinking of maybe going off-campus somewhere, getting some dessert, or...
You know we don't have to sell that if you don't want to. If it's a problem with the neon I can have my neon guy take a look.
Ok, so I have gone over this and I have thought about it and I just don't think there is any way I can write a report that doesn't end with her being terminated.
[reaches for her cell phone] Oh, I should get this. Hey! Oh, no, don't go see that one, I want to see that together. Yeah, go see that action one. Okay. I love you, too. All right.
Michael we've only been dating each other for a few weeks
[on answering machine] This is Holly Flax, I can't come to the phone right now but please leave a message after the sound of the tiny truck backing up. [BEEP]
Yeah it did look shorter on the map-
The company. Nobody knows our future, but it's not gonna be decided by the company. It's not gonna be decided by anybody but us. What we are is up to you and me.
So, listen, I don't know if your offer still stands or whatever, but you can give your yoga teacher my number.
Oh, no. Michael, I don't want to make people uncomfortable.
[grabs Michael's arm] No, Michael. It's not a real game.
You made ourselves to be more than we were.
Oh, I had a good time, but it's been three days and no call.  I even have two tickets to see Counting Crows for tonight, so...
Oh, I'm trying to adjust the lumbar support on Toby's chair and... that made this up/down lever thing not work, and then I took the whole chair apart, and that... is the story of me on the floor. It's pretty good, right? You know, I'm gonna sell the movie rights.
Um, tonight, I'm free tonight. Is that too eager? [laughs]
Oh, I think everyone's on edge because of the strangler trial.
Umm, Kendall, I understand that the discount is good for the company but I'm just not happy about the way we are getting it.
Um, I'm gonna head back to my work area and just--
Did she really just have a baby? She's so beautiful.
Ohh, so you can't make my orgy? Kidding!
I think it's really cool you hired Kevin.
[now pretending to be Dunder and Mifflin] Nice campus. Think you'll get in?
It just wasn't fair of me to give him an ultimatum in the first place. The whole thing is totally my fault. But we're going to be just fine. Just fine.
Oh, I think it is pretty clear that it was unethical.
No, no, I'll look at it later. It's part of my job.
[weak Clint Eastwood accent] Well, well, well, if it isn't Michael Scott. You old bastard.
Corporate would like to emphasize that ideally you would all totally agree with that statement.
You made up a fake girlfriend to see if I'd get jealous? And you destroyed a gift my boyfriend gave me? What is the matter with you?
[everyone in the office is standing in the kitchen with a lit candle] Hi guys.
He is mentally challenged. But he's doing a super job here.
[gasps] We could do Back to the Future.
We're gonna be just fine. You know how you say something over and over and the words start to sound weird? Going to be just fine... just fine... just fine... just fine...
Thanks.  That's sweet.  Anyways, umm, seems like we lost to Utica by only eight pounds.
I'm an atheist. Did you know that? I don't know your religion. There are so many conversations that we haven't even had yet.
Hi. Yes, uh, I'm Holly Flax. I was told to ask for a Mr. Flenderson?
Oh, no, that is so sweet. But thank you though.
I'm not a lesbian. I don't know why I said that... It's a joke.
That is a really good point. AJ said he hadn't seen any of the Toy Story movies.
Oh, I think she's on a sales call.
Michael, I can't keep getting into a situation where I date whoever I'm working with. Well, you can understand that.
Well, at least everyone lost weight.  That's all that really matters.
Next day I found him in my bed.
[laughs oddly] Very funny. Okay let's get started.
Years?  Of just a few hours every weekend?
