[shaking Holly's hand] Whoa! I'm sorry, Michael. I thought we were meeting Holly today, not Jennifer Aniston!
Apparently, as soon as corporate found out I wanted to come in off the road, Jo offered me a cushy new job in Tallahassee. And here's the best part. I'm a huge alligator nerd. I can name you every genus, every sub species. Also I'm a huge boob nerd.
[walking into Michael's office] You're looking at the new face of corporate. Gonna put the 'ass', in Tallahassee!
[at Hank's with Michael, talking to Hank] And a '76 that's good to boot, I like that. [Hank smiles]
I know this stuff can hurt, but I wish someone had said something to me about my ex-wife. All I'm saying is about a month or so, meet me down in Florida, I'll introduce you to all the local [spanks the air] talent.
All right, truth is I gotta couple love bumps on my ding-dong so, game-over!
[grunting while humping Michael and Dwight] Don't even watch, Halpert!
Yeah. You know how to read... a menu!
Since when did you learn how to read?
Hey what's going on you guys? [walking into the kitchen with Holly, Dwight, and Kevin, with whom he fist bumps] Yeahh! Three muska-queers!
It's great to be among friends, but until then, you suckers will do!
I don't know, I love her and all, but she turned into a bitch. Mostly she's great, but some days she acts like her mom. [Holly is un-amused]
I really though I was becoming too much of a womanizer. I realized I had shirts in five different women's houses.
I think I'll pass. The only hot chocolate I'm into is Viva A Fox. [winks]
Listen, I'm gonna tell you something that none of these people have the stones to tell you. It's your girlfriend, man. She's uptight.
I'm sorry if you were offended by my comments earlier.
Okay. You want an apology? Here it goes. Kevin, I am so sorry. You are skinny, and you are a genius.
[to Jim] So you two are married to each other now, right?
Well we gotta go out and celebrate, tonight!
well I was there for twelve years. Plus my name's carved under the desk.
Michael, can I open the kamomo with you. I've been on the road too long. But, I wanna connect with my daughter. And it's not right to call her a bitch in front of strangers.
