And then there's a way more fun party that starts at two forty-five.
Hey, what if we leave tonight? Grab a bite, get a hotel room, enjoy the city a little bit.
Maybe you just feel guilty about all the pranks.
Why are we turning in here, this is a beauty salon?
So we have all night.  Where do you want to go first?
So, how are things in Scranton? How's Jim?
I am NOT a quitter.  I will do this all day if you want.
You can't give paperclips to a baby. He could swallow.
Hey, um... did you hear about your friends in Pennsylvania? Rumor has it that the Scranton Branch is... [clicks her tongue to her mouth motions chopping off a head]
I love it. I want in. Who's the target?
Uh, nothing.  They're just out of Herr's chips.
Yeah, I'm happy he said that. I mean, I don't think he's into me or anything, but, I'm kind of into him. So...there you go.
When I heard Jim and Pam had kissed, my reaction was to have lots of long talks with Jim about our feelings.  Roy just attacked him.  I'm not sure which one Jim hated more.
Wait, how would you moon us if you were driving?
So I guess you have the Ben Franklin wig and the costume and you figure, how can I put this to practical use?
Yeah, right? I'm so glad you said that. Because, I don't know how those meetings usually go.
Really? I thought it was so obvious. I'm glad it didn't make you uncomfortable.
I... I... I, uh, think I'm just allergic to your perfume.
But don't worry about it.  My snack food doesn't fall under the umbrella of your authority.
Uh, so I had a couple of ideas to make the Stamford people feel more at home. Each year we have a Christmas raffle ... [Phyllis and Pam nod their heads in agreement].
Oh, you guys, guys, um... I'm sorry, but there's a problem with the karaoke machine. [everyone sighs]
[throws some desk material in the air to signify debris from the grenade explosion, grins as Jim walks away]
Look, most relationships have their rough patches. You just have to push through it sometimes.
Look, for the record, a certain Scranton salesman approached me, okay?
I cried for weeks over that guy, so yeah, seeing him climb out of a PT Cruiser in a ladies warehouse uniform, felt pretty good.
Let me ask you, did you accomplish what you wanted?
[sings] Every little thing she does is magic. Every little thing she do just turns me on. Even though my life before was tragic. Now I know my love for her goes on. Every...
Okay, great.  I think that's enough.  Can I get back to work now?
You didn't know that 'Bueller?' was from Ferris Bueller?
Oh my god! Hey! You want to meet at Cooper's in an hour? I need a drink.
Does anyone ever stand up to Angela or..?
Yes, you are. Here. Let me take that. Just... uh... get in the car.
Exactly.  But you get it, right? Can't stay there.
I don't know this place as well as I thought I did.  I'm getting cleaned out.
Yeah, if they let me, I think I... I think I would.
[on phone] Bonjour.  Je cherche des tchips de la marque Herr's.  Non?  Ah... merci quand meme.  Au revoir.
I guess Jim and I have had a little bit of a rough patch for the past couple weeks but we had some really good talks and actually now I think that we're better than ever.
[off camera] I'm at the grocery store buying a corkscrew to give myself a lobotomy.
Wait, 'Amazing Race' like, the biggest sale wins?
Traffic, yeah.  Oh, def- go, go because of traffic, definitely, beat-beat the traffic, mm-hmm.
[Karen sees Pam's art show flyer on the cabinet door, she looks around to make sure no one is looking, then proceeds to rip in down, Oscar comes out of the bathroom, Karen acts like she was just looking at it and then walks out of the kitchen]
Right on. [to Andy] Hey is that Josh's computer?
Ben Franklin tied a cherry stem with his mouth!
So what's going to happen to us when I get this job?
Hey um, I wanted to talk to you.  I know this is weird or whatever, but Jim told me about you guys.
[with her hands making the rocker sign] Call of Duty!
[sighs] Do you still have feelings for her?
So you're still doing this kind of stuff, huh?
That's Drake. And just so you know, I don't want to be weird or anything, but we use to date.
[recording] [in bad Italian accent] Dis is Kar-en Fill-uh-pel-li. Please leava me da message. A bon danza.
Jim's nice enough.  I dont... I don't know how well he's fitting in here. He's always looking at the camera like this.  [makes classic 'Jim'-camera face] What is that?
You know, I think I'm just gonna distill all this, and send it in an email to my team.
That wasn't him. [Jim nods, mouths, yes, it was]
Why are you singling my line out, like, a million years later?
He's a very nice man.  And he's very well suited for the job he has now.
Dwight, what is that on your stomach? Is that a Muppet Babies tattoo?
Oh, you know I'm gonna have a congratulations Karen party um, tomorrow night at my friend's house.
Let's just get this over with, shall we?
Really? That's so cool. I've always wanted to learn...
Look, it's really simple. We just want you guys to treat us with respect.
Thanks Ro.  Hey, we finally connected.  How's Scranton?
Well, you know it happened so fast I didn't really have time to be scared.
All right, you guys.  See you later, wish us luck!
[Driving to New York] Hey, thank you so much for driving me down for my interview.
Yeah, the deal closed yesterday, it's the six month commitment.
Frankly, it's kind of insulting. But I have a bunch of stuff I need to return in my car. So... I could do that.
[whispering] Look how cute he is!  He's trying to shoot with a smoke grenade.
If you wanted to see me, you could have just called me like an adult.
Wow.  That was some serious... hardcore... self destruction.
Lots of it! [Meredith leaves to break room party.]
Not gonna have to do that, till after I have the baby. No, I am wondering. What are you talking about?
When you get up, I'm just going to take it back anyway, so...
[Karen and Pam enter] Dwight, you won the raffle! [holds out gift]
Must be an... air freshener plugged in somewhere. It smells like a funeral home.
[lifts up blindfold] Oh my God! You ass! [chases Jim and throws egg at him] [both laugh]
[Stanley gets up and walks towards the break room.] All right Stanley. Woo.
I still haven't found an apartment yet. I'm living in a hotel. Yesterday, I saw a 'for rent' sign down the street from Jim and he said he didn't think it'd be such a good idea. He said it would be like we were living together. In different houses. Two blocks away.
Hey, did you guys see this memo that Dwight sent out? [reads memo] 'Women will be sent home if they wear makeup or heels exceeding 1/4 inch. Females are not allowed to speak to strangers unless given written authorization by Dwight Schrute.' This is ridiculous.
Perfect. What do I do? Just give me an assignment.
Oh, I understand that this is confusing for everyone, let me explain. There's a party that starts at three.
Thank you. It just all happened so fast.
Look, I've never seen a Clint Eastwood movie.
Hey, uh, before I leave tonight, would you mind making a half a dozen copies of Jim's and my sales reports for our interviews tomorrow?
I think it's great that Jim's invited. It's important to have contact with the New York execs, or they'll think everyone here is like Mi...chael.
No way. [both hold up Bridget Jones' Diary movie DVD]
[recording phone message] This is Karen Filippelli. Please leave a message.
Oh, the vending machines!  How did we miss that?
Hey, do you want to grab a coffee?
Yeah, he's so cute. He's a dermatologist. We met a bar. Can you believe that?
I think you'll really enjoy this, adult Jim.
Uh wait, are you a robot or a Martian?
Oh, my God. I'm so happy for you. [hugs pam]
[spotting Herr's chips on her desk] Where'd you find them?
Hello?  Yeah, hi David. Yes, I would like to be considered for the corporate position in well.
Oh, things are going really well?  Are they?  They are?  That's great, that's so great.  I wanna hear more about how happy you are with Pam.  Can you tell me more about that?  Thank you so much for coming to Utica, and breaking my copier, and telling me how well things are going in your relationship, really, thank you.
Of course not. I mean, you're kind of like, my first.
But if you said 'Go ahead, make my day,' I would know that it's from 'Dirty Harry'. How can you not know that's from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off'?
Hey, maybe you want to come over and raid my closet?
Open it! Open it ! Open it! [Dwight rips open present. Angela is upset and Pam notices]
And then we're gonna go to the movies.
Ok. Oh, um, don't mention that you and I are dating cause I think he might still have feelings for me.
Did you ever have a thing for Pam?
Hmm...  I don't know.  Maybe you should go back out there and sell paper so we can go on a trip.
Um, well, Jim and I were talking and Roy walked in looking super angry.
Hey, do you see that guy behind you in the blue blazer against the wall?
Who are you faxing so early in the morning?
And now we get to remember it forever.
And he's a big dude, you know?  And all of a sudden, Jim pushed me out of the way, and Roy cocked his fist, and then bam, Dwight sprays him and knocks him on his butt.
Yeah!  You would rather sit on your couch and watch a Phillies game, than go out to a movie with your awesome girlfriend.
For talking sense into Halpert. The Day's Inn room 228 was starting to get really depressing.
I am the regional manager of Dunder-Mifflin Utica branch.  Turns out it's a pretty easy gig when your boss isn't an idiot and your boyfriend's not in love with somebody else.
[moves to block Jim from Pam's eyeline] Oh my God.  Can you believe that?
His name is Dan, uh, this is us. So dorky.
Look, All I'm saying is it would be a great opportunity, and we'd love to have you come aboard.  So think about it, okay?  Okay, bye.
I'm pretty sure his family's coming with him.
Look, I've got like fifteen new clients I inherited from Dwight and each file is password protected with a different mythical creature. So, I'm sorry. I can't.
We didn't have a party planning committee in Stamford. Somebody would just volunteer to run out to Carvel and pick up an ice cream cake. So the fact that they have a committee here, fascinating.
Yeah, you know... I might do that. I, who knows? I... I might do that.
That's it? That's what you came up with?
[her players gun is pointed directly at Jim's player's head] Any... last words?  No?
Actually I think you could make the argument that it wastes time.
Angela, we've been hearing really great thing about uh... your brownies and we were hoping you'd consider merging into two parties.
Are we taking this too far? You know what, I don't think we're taking this far enough. [Pam and Karen look at each other] What?
This is not fair, this is going to be in my head all day. Please.
Okay, good!  Because, um, a bunch of my friends are meeting downtown for lunch.  And, I was gonna meet them, so...
So, that's... my basic 5 year plan.  And after that, who knows?
Ok ... um, another idea was karaoke ...
Dwight, this memo that you distributed is insulting.
I'm the only one left. Everyone else was either fired or quit. And there is one in Anger Management.
Well, if you're wondering why his wife was staring daggers at me, it's because I kinda saw him for a little bit while they were separated.
