Oh, well then, yeah. All right. Hey! [knocking on wall] Good luck, guys. Seems like you got a great operation here.
Hey, Dwight. Good to see you. Jim, hey.
I've never been a desk man. Always traveling on the road. Come on...why not, huh?
Oh, you know...funny. Your wife and I went on a few dates.
Obviously. I don't even think she called me back.
Was it two? I thought it was three.
Excuse me, everybody. I want to invite you all to the Halloween party I'm having at my bar.
Well, whatever works for ya. Anyway. All right.
Okay, so you...set up this fake company, then you hired this homeless woman to impersonate an executive to spy on me so that you could copy my sales technique?
I don't think it's gonna work out the way you think.
It's good to see you guys. Nice to meet you.
Well, actually, uh... no, Miss Van Helsing, that's not why I'm here. I'm here to meet you, see if we'd be a, you know, good fit.
Look, I'm just glad we can laugh about it. Because I was a little nervous about coming to work here, with, you know, our history.
Ha ha, okay, there you go! [phone rings, Meredith answers]
What do you mean, my tricks? There's no tricks, man. I'm just a good salesman. You wanna copy that? You can't copy that! [opens door to leave]
Jim and Pam really don't want you to go?
You know what? I may have parked my car in a compact space, and I hate when I see others do that, so-
[stops laughing] Well, great, I just wanted to make sure that things weren't weird.
I'm gonna take off my coat, if you don't mind. It's a bit warm in here.
I swear to God, I'm gonna hit you. I didn't mean that. I'm sorry. I'm not-it's just I'm very upset right now.
[laughing] Well, that does not sound like me.
You know what it was? I think she gave me her number but then her fours look like eights, and...
I was looking forward to throwing some darts with you guys.
We should think of this as a first date. And I think it's going very well, how 'bout you?
Okay. You wanna know?  I didn't call her back because she spent the whole date talking about you. She was obviously in love with you.
Do you honestly want to know why I didn't call her back on a date over four years ago?
