That's not how I plan on doing things.
Defending duo! He sets him up! [Jim moves the piece of trash with his hands] He sets him up. Yeah. Oh-ho!
Yes.  Yes, I was gonna say the same thing.  We should buy him out.
Is that we are cutting three percent across the board, which means we will no longer be matching 401k contributions. All overtime requests will need to come through the corporate office.
Just want to fill you in on a few details. As you know, I will be running the branch while we search for Michael's replacement. So please feel free to come to me with any questions or concerns. [Kelly raises hand] Yeah.
I am aware of the effect I have on woman.
Right. I mean why work harder than you should.
Thank you, Michael. Thank you for the C-shaped bagels.
I don't want to hear excuses.  I want to see improvements.  This is unacceptable.
Uh, hold on, Michael, thank you. Uh, Stanley, you know, we can't make any promises, but we'll try everything in our power to avoid that.
We need to talk about our two companies, and how we should behave. Dwight tells me you've been pestering him for company info.
Oh yeah, take your time.  Stanley, pay attention.
Hi. I need a rundown of your clients, can you get that to me.
And I wanna start givin' you more responsibility. What do you say you and I go out for a drink this week?
In the last month we have lost ten major clients to Michael Scott.
Alright. [Dwight blows whistle in Jim's face] No, no, no. That's supposed to be the kickoff.
I don't know what to do to inspire these people. Okay, maybe it's my fault-
Yeah, it looks like Pam won't make it back. Okay?
Aw, man, I can't wait to play with you.
Okay.  Hey, Dwight.  Can I talk to you?
Well, it's not for everybody I suppose. [Andy laughs]
That's very kind of you to say, David.
No, it's a little bit more than that. I'm going to set up in here, ok?
Nah, that's weird. You're gonna sit. [Dwight sits] Great. You know, Dwight, it has been quite a transition for all of us. Are you happy with the way things have been runnin' lately?
Excuse me, guys. What's going on in here?
Yeah, I mean, come on. This is a work place. It isn't designed for your vanity.
Because you have embarrassed me for the last time today.  Got it?
This doesn't seem like a good way to spend company time.
Okay. See you on the field, there, bro.
Michael, I'm going to stay for the day.
I'll tell David what he needs to know. Sorry. David wants it this way.
I didn't know we had so many, uh, soccer fans in the office.
You know, Michael, I don't need to know everyone's sexual history.
Yeah, I don't think we can let you play with that foot.
I've just been impressed with your performance and I wanted to make sure good work doesn't go unnoticed.
Oh, uh, Pam? Hey everyone, lunch is on me today.
For regional manager I've decided to go with an outside hire.  For obvious reasons.
Okay, let's go over non-discretionary cuts. Okay, guys? [Charles sees Stanley with his crossword, Charles stares and he puts it away] Thank you. So, umm...
Yeah, I will. What I told Michael last week-
Okay, do  not go anywhere near the conference room.
Michael, I want you to stop pestering my salesmen, and I want you to leave Dunder Mifflin alone. Do you understand?
So you keep this made up position? It's important to you?
Whatcha got, Jim?...  What is a two-way petting zoo?
He shows promise and Jim, I don't know-- I-- he's been a disappointment.
Look who just woke up! [laughs, scores a point on the next play] I've been up for a while.
I wrote a memo to all departments asking them to find ways to save money but, uh--
Yeah, I'm Charles Miner, here to see Michael Scott.
No, they were your client.  They just called and told us they're switching over to Michael Scott Paper Company.
Oh, I meant, I meant that Kelly. [New receptionist walks in]
Ok, so we're on the same page, great.
Okay, I'm gonna call you Kapoor, okay? And you, Hannon.
So, we had a personnel change today.  Shouldn't effect our day to day.  But, until we get a new receptionist I want Kevin on the phones.
Is this something you really want to have said?
No, no, not salaries. Petty cash, supplies, and uh, you know, parties.
You know, you can run this stuff by Toby.
Okay, let me know if you find it.
Let's see what you got in those legs!
I was actually in Germany for the 2006 World Cup Finals.
Uh, I need you to go over this client list and indicate any wrong or false data.
Yeah, I like your work ethic. You're so... focused.
Woah, woah, woah, woah, you wanna get that looked at.
Sp-Well, um, Michael should have filled you in last week.
not if you're starting your own paper company, Michael. Hank...
Uh, no, sorry, Michael. No, Kevin, right? We're going to need you to do that during office hours.
Hey, you know we're in tough times and we're not immune to this economy.
Hey, did anyone see the client list that Michael was supposed to be working on.
Okay, Michael handed in his 2-week notice, did you also hand in your 2-week?
Everyone, except for Michael, go back to your desks.
So you're the assistant to the regional manager?
Actually, I meant questions more about the day-to-day operations of the company. Kay. [Andy raises hand] Yeah.
You started on that rundown yet?  [Looks at Jim's screen.]
This isn't a good use of company time, Michael.
I don't know if I have hurt your feelings or you do not disagree with my methods, but it is over.
Must be nice to get a rest from all your rest. [walks away]
No, I worked at a company called Saticoy Steel.
Okay, great.  Uh, Dwight come on in.  Also, Jim.
We still have the inventory sitting-- [everyone starts chattering at once]
Ok. Nice meeting everyone. I'll see you in a couple of weeks.
No. Hey, hey. I just want to hear 'yes'.
Yeah, I want you to be on top of that okay?  I want you to be my productivity czar. Okay, good.  Uh, okay that it on my list. So uh, you know, no excuses guys. Lets get going okay? [everyone leaves except Kevin and Stanley, who are sitting stunned in their chairs]
I can't pretend I haven't seen that.  So I am going e to ask you to stand up, walk  out. And you can't take anything.
I don't know what to tell you. The job's been taken.
But the goal is to, you know, fight our way through this.
[on cell phone] Charles Miner. Hello? Hello, who is this? Who is this?
Yeah, I love the sport. I love the sport. Alright, man.
Did Michael just let anybody in his office?
See you on the field. Ha, ha. I can't wait!
[Dwight, Jim and Pam leave] Thank you very much.
Great. Fax that to everyone on the distribution list.
Oh, Jim, you're putting a volleyball game in front of your fiance's health.
There he is. There he is.  How was the trip up?
I feel like I should be thanking you.
What about you, Jim? You a fan of the game?
I don't know. You know, this is a company picnic, so technically that is a company injury, you know? Safest thing to do is get that examined, right David?
I do this for every branch I go to. If you do not like it, then I think there are some bagels left over from this morning.
