She's pretty hot huh? [Jim nods]  She's completely crazy.  Steer clear Big Tuna.  Head for open waters.
OooOK.
Big Tuna is a super ambitious guy, you know?  Cut your throat to get ahead kind of guy, but I mean I'm not threatened by him.  I went to Cornell, you ever heard of it? [laughs]  I graduated in four years.  I never studied once.  I was drunk the whole time, and I sang in the acappella group, 'Here Comes Treble.'
OK.  Who put my calculator in Jello?  Good one.  But uh, seriously, guys who did this?  Seriously guys, who did this?  I need to know who put my calculator in Jello, or I'm gonna lose MY FRICKIN' MIND!
Hey, Big Tuna. You ever Google Google? What do you think would happen?
[makes frustrated noises]
I didn't mean you should do it. You were supposed to ponder it. It's... You removed the fun. Thanks a lot, Big Tuna.
Why did you do that?!
We're on the German team.  Shoot the Brittish.
Now?
Put the game on hold everyone.
It's the new guy. [looks at Jim]
See what I mean?
WHAT?
Are you playing for the other team?!
Saboteur!
Saboteur!  I'm going to kill you for real.  This game--- the game is over.  I'm really going to shoot you.
[coughing out his words] Suck up!  Josh, did you hear what I said?
Hey.  What are we doing?   What's the game?  I want in.
Did you check the vending machine?
Did you check your... butt?
Hey, Big Tuna, can I talk to you for a second.
Can you stand up? And talk to me over there?
I'm acting my heart out here.
Yeah, really. You asked for my help, so I helped.
I don't care 'bout anything but you... what ever happened to those guys?
Yo, mama! Ask me how bad I wanted to bone Jennifer Grey.
Seriously, you guys, ask me.
Let's just say, me and Jennifer Grey probably would've broken a few laws.
We have such a roller coaster thing, Karen and I.
Roller-coastery friendship. Hot. Cold. On again. Off again. Sexual tension filled type of deal. It's very Sam and Diane.
From 'Cheers'.
You guys ready to party?
I said are you ready TO PARTY!
Hey, Big Tuna, you ready?
One. Two. Three. Shot!
Oh, that burns! Golly. Um...
One. Two. Three. Shot!
[sings Indigo Girls] I went to the doctor. I went to the mountains. I looked to the children...
[sings] I looked to the children, I drank from the fountain.
Wait, wait.
TUNA! Are you kidding me!!
No way, dude. I am not driving home. I have brought an inflatable bed for just such occasions. You're welcome to share it though. It's a roomy twin.
At Cornell, in my fraternity, my house name was 'Hubble' because I was so good at finding a party. I was like a powerful space telescope, so... Freshman year, when my skin was still really bad, they called me El Guapo.
Yeah. Big Tuna, tuna?
[speechless]
Didn't see that coming.
Um, sorry... the Scranton branch is closing? [Karen nods and Andy looks at Jim] In your face!
Mmmm.. suck-ah!
[surrounded by clapping coworkers] Stamford, Connecticut! Stamford, Connecticut!
[after screaming and throwing papers around in the kitchen] What's up, Josh?
Thanks, man. You, too. Totally.
[to office worker] That's the other thing you got to watch out...  [to Jim] Yo! Tuna! I wanna talk to you about this new boss, Michael Scott.
So what's he like? Likes? Dislikes? Favorite sports? Favorite movies? Favorite men's magazines?
Playing your cards close to the vest. I get it. Good luck over there, Tuna. Cross me and I will destroy you.
What?
I'll be the Number Two guy here in Scranton in six weeks. How? Name repetition, personality mirroring, and never breaking off a handshake. I'm always thinking one step ahead. Like a carpenter that makes stairs.
Hello.
And you must be Michael Scott. Aloha and... hello.
Michael, thank you for welcoming me to your little kingdom, Mike.
Nifty!
Michael Scott. Thank you. I appreciate it, Mike.
Andy Bernard. Regional Director in Charge of Sales.
Umm, on the contrary.
And I'm a director.
Which on a film set is the highest title there is. Do you know anything about film?
Congratulations.
Hey, buddy. Anything new to report?
Sure thing, buddy.
Am I trying to get under his skin? Yes. Because the angrier he gets, the more marginalized he becomes. Meanwhile, Andy Bernard is out there layin' on the charm.
Hey, Angela. Check this out. It's my new screen saver.
Do you like it?
Thank you. You have such a pretty smile by the way.
You're welcome.
[sings drum beat intro to 'What is Love?']
[sings] What is love?
Baby, don't hurt me.
Baby, don't hurt me!
Whoa-oh-oh-oh
Whoa-oh-oh-oh.
Oh, probably because of all the nose candy.
Dwight may have won the battle. But I will win... the next battle.
Michael, I would just like to say you have handled this entire situation with great aplomb.
Saw your dorkmobile in the parking lot. What does it get, like four miles to the gallon?
Yeah, my Xterra's pretty sweet. Luxurious, yet rugged. Leave it to the Japanese.
Actually, it is. It's Latin for 'earth.'
Yeah.
Yeah, I bet you would. Oh, by the way, 1985 called. It wants its car back.
Oh, speaking of time machines, I just got back from the future and I went to your funeral and, guess what, nobody came.
Oh, that was a really well constructed sentence. You should be an English professor at Cor-not University.
If I were an idiot, I'd be driving a TransAm.
[coughs word] Idiot!
[coughs sentence] Nice comeback!
[approaching Kevin to shake hand] Hi, Andy Bernard.
Nice to meet you.
That is a penguin. You like it?
Andy, or Andrew.
Yeah.
Ha, that's why I wore this shirt.
Hey Kevin.
Have you lost weight?
I know, but you just give off the vide of a guy who's getting thinner.
You're welcome.
[gets up] I'll do it.
[turns over card] King of hearts.
[claps] That was fantastic.
It is inspiring to me to watch you navigate these murky waters.
[over phone] I am so horny.
Oh, I think you can, Big Tuna. Tell me about that Indian chick, Kelly. She seems pretty slutty. Good for a romp in the sack.
Oh, and I care why?
Next. How about... [motions toward Angela]. Blondes are more fun. C'mon, trust me on that.
Okay fine. Um. Pam, the receptionist. Paaam. Should I go for it?
Jackpot.
All... righty, let's get started. What is she into?
Are you kidding?
I started the main Frisbee golf club at Cornell. Where I went to college. I live to frolf.
Pam-a-lama-ding-dong. Listen, you're cute. There is no gettin' around it. So... I don't know if you like country music, but I was thinking maybe one of these days we could drive out to a field, crank up some tunes, smoke a few Macanudos... maybe even toss a disk around.  Utway ooday ooyay inkthay, Ampay?
Shh. Think about it. I'll hit you back.
Yeah.
I play the banjo.
[singing] You know I can, my man.
I'm gonna go get my banjo out of my car.
Wow. Prison sounds horrible.
[singing] So we've been told, and some choose to believe it, I know they're wrong, wait and see, 'cause one day we'll find it, the ainbowray onnectionkay, the lovers, the dreamers, and meeee...
Yo, Michael, sweet ride Mike.
Michael
If I may say. She's even prettier that you described her.
Hey, what's the haps? [Dwight shuts door in his face.]
Umm... I'm number three.
Yeah, but I'm number three.
Hey. I can't concentrate when I know you're in pain, man. Let me take you to lunch. [Michael sighs.] C'mon, my treat.
That's my boy. I know the perfect place, too.
No. Benihana. Much classier. But don't worry, the babes are totally hot, too. [do a fist bump and explosion]
So she looks really hot, so I said, 'You look hotter than usual today.' [to waitress] Thank you. Michael [gesturing to sit down.] Head of the table.
So she looks at me right, and she goes, 'I'm sorry, don't I even know you?' After a year, a
No.
Put that away. Put that away. S.O.S. We... I... May day. Haha. Man down over here, [to waitress] we need your help.
I think we'll start with a round of noga-sakes. [waitress gives confused look]
One part eggnog, three parts sake. Some places won't make it for you though, because eggnog is seasonal.
Wait for the onion. Trust me. Hey Cindy, he just had his heart broken, you wouldn't do that to him, would you?
You made her laugh. Yes! She totally digs us. [referring to what chef is doing] Watch, watch, watch, watch. [Onions smoke up] Heh, heh? What did I tell 'ya?
This drink... [in audible conversation with Michael]
Cindy, Cindy.
I want you to close your eyes and imagine your dream house. [Cindy laughs] C'mon, do it for Michael. He's had a really long day.
This is great.
Now open your eyes and describe it to me.
[referring to waitresses] They have been checking us out, all night! I am not kidding!
What?
Now, you are thinking. Yes. And you know what? Because you have had such a rough day, you get Cindy.
My new girlfriend.
Your hands.
I'll use my hands on it.
I am now chopping off Phyllis' head with a chainsaw! ... Rin-in-in-in-in-in!
Boring. Call me if she rolls over.
Ole ole - ole ole... Ole ole - ole ole. People in the party - hot hot hot [playing conch shell]
I give thanks, mon.
Hey Dwight, I bet I can stack faster than you can.
Oh, yeah? Prove it, champ. You ready?
One, two, three, go!
Get out of my way, Jim!
Dang it.
Those aren't straight. Totally crooked. Totally crooked. You're disqualified.
Five of us transferred from Stamford. There are two of us left. Me and Karen. It's like we are touring Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory and dropping off one by one. Well, guess what? I am not falling in a chocolate river.
Hey Dwight, pass the tardy sauce. Get it Michael?
Hmmm, well... let me think about this for a minute. Oh, I don't know. Michael Scott.
Ph. D. Doctor of Sales.
Well, it is very gracious of you to accept.
Sebring by Chrysler. Heck of a... motor... carriage.
He does your laundry?
Bueno.
In order to take down Dwight, I have to chip away at his ally, which, in this case, is Michael. Here's the good news. Every success I've ever had at my job or with the lady-folk has come from my ability to slowly and painfully wear someone down.
What's the deal with Dwight doing your laundry?
Wow, that is a long story, but quite well told, Michael. I find it very interesting. Especially about the part Dwight going behind your back and basically, like, being a terrible person. You know if you want your laundry done right? I used to work at Abercrombie. So, pretty good folder.
I think you have assembled an amazing team at Scranton. It's really a pleasure to be a part of it. It's like, everyone has their own special skill, you know, just like the Superfriends. Except for Dwight, who is more like a SuperDud. I mean, he would be a Superfriend if there was a Superfriend whose super power was always being late. You know?
My plan is taking longer than I thought but I don't give up easily. I have walked two marathons.
Caught an eighty-pound shark off of Montauk. It's in the Hamptons. My dad's got a 42-ft Bayliner. Sniped it with a rifle from the crow's nest. Also shot a deer once.
Ok, this is the classic undersell because you should know we don't work out of a log cabin. We trade on the New York Stock Exchange. Ever heard of it? It's in New York.
Oh, man, that is, like, poetry.
I swear, this guy could sell paper to a tree.
Ow.
Oh man. Talk about your classic 'Lame dash O.' Do we even want that guy buying our paper?
I... I'm so sorry man. I really screwed that up.
I really 'Schruted' it.
Schruted' it. It's just this thing that people say around your office all the time. Like, when you screw something up in a really irreversible way, you 'Schruted' it. I don't know where it comes from though. Do you think it comes from Dwight Schrute?
Hey boss. Got a minute?
I forget, why did Dwight say he was late this morning?
That's weird. Because I was just walking past his desk and I saw this, which is a tollbooth receipt from New York City, stamped really early this morning. So, why would Dwight go to New York without telling anyone? Do you think he went to see Jan? That's not like him. Is it? Someone told me a story about this, with, like, laundry and betrayal. Did you betray Dwight and try to steal his job or something?
Oh, doggie.
It sure seems like he is lying.
Oompa-Loompa Doompity-Dawesome, Dwight is now gone which is totally awesome.  Why was he gone, he was such a nice guy?  No, he was not.  He was a total douche.  Doompity-doomp.
Um, am I happy the way things turned out? Oh, well, happy's such an ugly word. But, um, I saw what needed to be done and I did it and now I'm thrilled. So, it's pretty... [camera had focused in on Angela watching] Hello? Pretty good.
[to Ryan] Big Turkey. [cellphone plays 'Rockin' Robin']
All four parts. Recorded it on my computer. It took me forever.
Thank you muchly. [cellphone continues playing]
I called it myself. I just thought you'd get a kick out of the new ring.
Side note. I'd just like to say I'm thrilled to be working directly beneath you.
I feel I have a lot to learn from you, even though you're younger and have less experience.  So here's to the future... Andy and the Tuna. [sings] Andy and the tuna...
The cost of doing business.
Was the top salesman...
[chuckles] Addition by subtraction.
Mmmm. Yeah you're right.
Hey, boss.
Noooothin'. Ehrrrrrrrrr. Heh. Man. TGI-Wednesday. Am I right?
Gonna go home. Get my beer on. Get my 'Lost' on. What are you doing later, wanna hang out?
Well, I will take that as a maybe. [Michael gets up] Where are you going?
Oh, well, I'm going to the kitchen, I'll walk with you.
[lurking by the bathroom door] Yeah, things are going pretty good. Gettin' a lot of face time with the boss.
Feel ya, dawg.
Absolutely.
You said... [makes gibberish noises]
Which is like, 'Right on.' And Pam was like 'blah blah blah' and you were like 'Yeah, psht.' Nailed it.
Oh, no.
I think I could go for some tuna fish right about now. Oh, oh, got my rod here. [fake casts off] Whizzzzz. [catches Jim] Click, click, click, click, click, click, click. [Jim gets up] Cli -- ah! I got one! I got one! Ahhhh!
185 pounder. Check it out. Whew! ['displays' Jim who looks thoroughly annoyed]
[singing] In your he-ead, in your he-eyd-ed. Zombie. Zombie. Zombie. Ey, ey, ey, ey. In your he-eyd-ed.
[after Jim knocks over his pencils] Oh. Good move, Tuna. Nice one.
Large Tuna. Have you seen my cell phone device?
Cause someone is calling right now. There is a call.
What's going on?
Where is my FREAKING phone?!
Maybe you're in the ceiling!
[trying to look in Phyllis's desk, she slams the drawer shut] I don't trust you, Phyllis!
Wait up. Where are you going? Do you want me to come with?
Just listen, I forgot to tell you the plan for this Saturday. You, me, bars, beers, buzzed. Wings. Shots. Drunk. Waitresses, hot. Football - Cornell/Hofstra. Slaughter. Then a quick nap at my place and we'll hit the tiz-own.
Duh. Which is why I was just joking about doing that.
Fine. I'll just sit at my desk and be quiet. Sorry I annoyed you with my friendship. [Andy's phone rings] Excuse me. And I'm also sorry that a lot of people here for some reason think it's funny to steal someone's personal property and hide it from them. Here's a little newsflash! It's not funny! In fact, it's pretty freakin' unfunny!  Oh, my GOD. [punches a hole in the wall] That... was an overreaction. Gonna hit the break room. Does anybody want anything? Pam, you good?
Sure? Okay.
So Michael had a little chat with corporate and they decided to send me to management training. Anger management, technically, but still. Management material. [gets out of his car] This whole thing supposed to take ten weeks, but I can be done in five. How? Name repetition, personality mirroring, and positive reinforcement through nods and smiles. So, don't worry about old Andy Bernard. I'll be back. Just like Rambo, so.
Oh, hi! Yes. I am and you must be... Marcy!
It's so good to meet you!
Yeah.
I graduated from anger management the same way I graduated from Cornell.  On time.  Now I'm back.  Got a second chance, and I'm not gonna blow it.  [in a forceful voice] So look out Dunder Mifflin!  [laughs] [snaps] I mean, look out... in a fun way!  You know, not like, I'm gonna hurt you...
Hey guys!  Guess who's back! [Dwight pepper-spray's Andy] AHHH! [screams in pain] OH, GOD!
Good morning, Pam.
Drew.  I'm Drew now.
Apology not... accepted.  Because it wasn't even necessary in the first place. [laughs]
Several weeks ago, Andy Bernard had an incident. [cut to shot of Andy punching a hole in the wall] But after five weeks in Anger Management, I'm back.  And I've got a new attitude.  And a new name.  And... a bunch of new techniques for dealing with the grumpies.
Mornin' Jim.
Good.  Drew.
Dr--- You can call me Drew.
Cool.  I can't control what you do.  I can only control what
Drew. [walks to Dwight] Dwight.  How's it goin' man?
You guys...
It's on!
Thank you.
Anything.
You mean a moon bounce.
I'm gonna need... I'm gonna need petty cash.
Do you, do you want a drawbridge?
Whoa!  What's the situation?
Ok, when's the shunning thing gonna end?
When people think of Andy, they think of hate and anger. When people think of Drew, they think of baked goods.
Oh no, nobody likes my cookies. I'm so angry, argh I want to hit something. [laughs] Totally kidin' guys.
Little device I learned to diffuse tension, be the first to make fun of yourself, because if they make fun of you before you do... Then you might lose your mind.
Ahhh... Is that the last of it?
It's OK. I can't always have what I want, but I can always want what I have.
Is it fresh? [winks]
Umm... [draws back arm] No. [laughs]
People don't need to be afraid of me. I can't achieve anger any more, and I have a new car. Toyota Prius, because Andy didn't care about fuel efficiency, but Drew has seen 'An Inconvenient Truth'. Nearly twice.
[Michael, Andy, and Dwight are standing around a trampoline] You know guys, I recently learned some pretty cool stuff about the difference between feeling something and... acting on that thing.
Yes bosses.
[Michael is up on the roof of the building] Michael, go ahead, we're listening.
Let me borrow that chief. Michael, you don't have to prove anything to anyone but yourself. So don't jump just to prove anything to us. OK? That said, if you need to prove something to yourself, you should jump.
Up to you.
If you do jump, I want you to reach for the sky.
Grab a comet and kiss the moon! Kiss it!
[in parking lot] Goodnight Stanley. [sees his car is keyed, just nods his head]
[English accent] William Dolittle at your service.  A.K.A., Will Do.
Beer me!
Hand me that water.  I always say 'Beer me.'  Gets a laugh like a quarter of the time.  So how's what's-her-name?
Who, Karen?  Yeah, she's only one of my oldest friends.  [takes swig of water] Mmm.  How's the apartment hangin'?
Nice.  Check out this sunshine, man.  Global warming, right?  Today was supposed to be really cold, I bet.
Uh, yeah.  Should have said so.  [sings] Rha-dah-dah-dah!  Give me the beat, boys, and free my soul.  I wanna get lost in your rock and roll and drift away-he-hay.  Ruu-da-doo-da-doo, ba-dit-da-doo-da-dun, Give me the beat, boys, and free my little-ole-soul, I wa--
Your call, dude.  My girlfriend made an awesome mix.  Beer me that disc.
So, Tuna.  When we get in there, let's do a really good job, okay?
Well not everything a guy says needs to be said.  Sometimes it's just about the music of the conversation.
Whoa!  What the--- Why is my girlfriend here?
No, she's a part-time frozen yogurt chef.
The one in the green hoodie.
I wonder if she's, like, a... a guidance counselor, or something?
She's like, probably a tutor.
She probably a t--
Sh---
Jamie!
What are you doing here?
Are you a student here?
You never told me you were in high-school!
OH MY GOD!
I had no idea.
Huh... We didn't do anything illegal.  Except knock over a mailbox with her friends.
Who was that guy she was talking to?  At her locker.
But who
[scoffs] Pfft.  You don't teach it well enough.  One of your students is a
I want to take out an ad, in your yearbook.  A full page, two words---
That's not what I had in mind.
I don't care.
Yeah.
You know what--- I don't---
[Joins in with classic Andy falsetto] Oooo-oo-oooo-ooo-oo-oooo-oo-ooo-ooo a-wi-imbube!
Oooo-oo-oooo-ooo-oo-oooo-oo-ooo-ooo a-wi-imbube!
Sweet.
Oh, my God!
I had no idea.
How could I not have realized?
Yeah, she does, doesn't she?
She acts older, too. She knows everything about European history, and photosynthesis, and she made me this lanyard with, like, a Fimo clay thing. She's a real Renaissance woman.
Chicken pot pie.
That's what I was eating, in the parking lot of a 7-Eleven for dinner. And I got out of the car to shake the crumbs off my shirt, and this smoking hot woman comes up and we strike up a conversation.
She lets me buy her and her friends some wine coolers for a dinner party she's going to.
I threw in some scratch tickets, 'cause generous guy, and next thing you know we're making out in the woods.
No, we were really making out in the woods.
I gotta go talk to her.
Yeah. I'm Mr. Bernard Johnson, MD. I'd like to talk with Jamie about a certain heart condition. Diagnosis: broken.
Who's this guy?
You're such a liar.
Yeah, maybe you should call the police. See whose side they take. Warning, most cops are dudes.
Dude, there she is. Don't look, don't look. She's sitting with Denise. How am I supposed to do this? Denise hates me.
What is your problem, man? Can't you support a bro? That's why you don't have any friends, Tuna. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I just, I need...
...your help. I love her.
Yeah. I lo- I love her. Is this what love is?  This, like, horrible feeling in my stomach?
Look, okay, just be my wingman. Beer me five minutes. Talk to Denise. She's really into White Russians and whippets.
Jamie, can I talk to you for a second?
What?
What happened? What can I do to help?
I'll check the web.
If it were up to me, you ladies would be the fashion models.
I really appreciate your letting me work alongside you so closely today.
This guy looks like a real deviant.
Aye, aye, Cap'n.
Think we'll find him?
[pulls a candy bar from his coat pocket] Halvsies?
Listen, man, I really appreciate you letting me shadow you today. I feel like I learned a lot.
Yep. If you don't mind, I think I'll hang some of these posters around my neighborhood. Schools, post office, et cetera.
Hey good lookin', what ya got cookin'?
Hey listen, I'm sure everyone's already told you but, your presentation out there, was pretty inspiring stuff. Must be nice being a woman around here, knowing they have a protector in you.
Borscht, according to Dwight it's best served cold.  You know what else is best served cold?  Yeah, gazpacho.  You see what I'm doing?  I am establishing a mutual love of cold soups.  This is the first step in my plan to win Dwight's trust.
I should make you my vichyssoise.
Let me be clear.  There's only one thing that's important to me, and its not friendship.  Its dominance, and I think I know a thing or two about dominating.  Okay, I lived with a dominatrix for three years in Stamford.  Mistress Lila.  Taught me more than any college professor I ever had, while attending Cornell, which is where I went to school.
You can make people believe anything.  Today I made Dwight believe I like cold soups.  Why?  I don't know.  I don't have to know.  That's what makes me so dangerous.
We will be team U.S.A.
Phyllis is out. Yes! [to Kelly] Follow my voice. Follow my voice. Yeah, keep it moving. Keep it moving. Right this way. Looking good. [Cheers]
Don't worry. You're not...
No where near the big rock.
What're you doing? No! See, now we're disqualified.
I am okay if I lose every single contest today. Honestly. Because I see these contests as an opportunity for me to demonstrate what a good sport I am. Mallard! [throws a stone]
[begins to clap] Great job everyone, that was fantastic. [Michael sighs]
[slams fist onto table] I am so hungry! [starts eating hot dog real fast]
One came up.
I didn't win. But the only reason I didn't win is because I recently learned that it's better to work thing out with words.
Yeah it is. I totally could have kicked your butt so bad.
Yeah, right, c'mon! C'mon! [Dwight and Andy wrestle]
[Trying to wet bandana, falls in water] Oh, God! Waaa! Guhh! Wuuuh! Help! Angela! Angela, hey! Oh, thank God! Please tell somebody!
Go tell them I'm floating away, obviously!
Angela, it's pretty simple! Look at what I'm doing and go tell somebody about it!
Angela!
[lying in water, car lights light up his location] Hello?  Who's there?  My name is Andrew Bernard, I was with a group called Dunder Mifflin.  Hello?
Nice!
It is an honor just to be considered for Michael's job. Honestly. And if I win it, then I will be ordering a pretty sizeable Most Improved Player plaque to put over the hole I punched in the wall.
Keep eating tuna, Big Tuna. Loser!
[in sumo suit, waves down a car, which swerves around him, runs after it, waving his arms] Wait! [throws sumo hair-hat at the retreating car]
Blup-dup-do. What's up, Big Haircut? You are no longer Big Tuna. From henceforth, you shall be known as Big Haircut.
What is it, Big Haircut?
Sorry, I can't hear you Big Haircut.
What?
[signing interview sheet] I will see you at the inter-view.
Saving the best for first!
White, because it contains all other colors.
You make a chair, but you don't sit on it.
The capital of Maine is Montpelier, Vermont, which is near Ithaca, New York, where I went to Cornell.
Should not be a problem. I minored in history in the Ivy League school which I attended.
I agree. But in another way, I am off to a very good start, wouldn't you say?
I am a great interviewee. Why? Because I have something no one else has: my brain. Which I use to my advantage, when advantageous.
Damn it!
Hail to the chief!
My first order of business: accept.
Three months ago, I was nowhere.  I was just a Cornell grad, in anger management.  Look where I am now.  Not bad. [washing out Michael's mug]
That's it!
Class is canceled, everybody out!
I'm punishing them.
It's like staring into my soul, when I look at this wall.
This is gonna look so awesome!
[laughs] Totally!
When an attacker goes through another country sometimes they wi...
It is the source of all energy on this planet.
I'm a very good interviewee.  Why?  Because I have something that nobody else has.  And that is... my brain.  Which makes me charming, witty, intelligent... [long pause] and quick on my feet.
Trick question.  There was no second man on the moon.
Eli Edison.
Step 1, disinfection.  Step 2, incision.  Step 3, remove the appendix tenderly so it doesn't burst and spread toxic...icity everywhere.
Re-suture.  Sutures, yes.
17 B.C.
Did you see who did it?
Isn't that your money?
[in bathroom] I'm petrified of nipple chafing. Once it starts it is a vicious circle. If you have sensitive nipples, they chafe, so they become more sensitive, so they chafe more. So... I take precautions. [tapes a cotton ball to each nipple]
Hey Angela. Hey, um... I'm sorry about your cat. [Angela starts to cry]
I've walked 2 marathons. Pretty sure I can handle a 5k. Key is drafting, eliminate wind resistance. [running right behind Kevin]
Oh God! My nipples, it's starting.
[runs into the back of Kevin] Ah, God watch the nipples, Kevin.
Ay-o!
Then... what are you saying?
So, how's the view old girl?  [looking out windows]  Oh!  There's a cemetery.  You think that's affiliated with the hospital, or is it a like a separate feature...
Tuna!
Jim Halpert's off the market. Guess who just became the best looking single guy in the office?
Fire guy [makes flames with his hands]
Here for what?
We should call it Dunder Mifflinfinity. You know, push the words together?
Mmhmm, sweet, chocolate turtles.
I'll go with you Stanley.
What about cash? With cash you can buy anything you want, including a gift basket, so... it's kind of the best gift ever.
Yes! Cash basket! Nice work Tuna.
Dude, you are so money, but you don't even know it, but you do.
Later man.
Ha! Tuna... [inhales deeply] Tuna Tuna Tuna.
He has a killer job, he's rich, he smells like what I think Pierce Brosnan probably smells like, he wears really cool rich guy clothes.
So, sorry Tuna but if you don't know why that's awesome... then... you need awesome lessons.
Dah!  Come on!
And this is where I will record your sales.
And then I will say something positive, like kudos or job well done.
I can't tell if he's mocking me.
Ehh, can't do that.  Really hard for me to let things go.
Thank you.
Yes like a chime or a bell...
Yes!
Twenty seconds to go time.
[blowing air horn] Yeah!
Website check please.
Three-oh-five.  You my friend are winning handsomely.
You my friend are in a very close second.
Okay, uh why don't you just lay off, lady?
No !  [blows air horn and dances]
Four!  Three!  Two!  One!
Woo!
After numerous projections that the computer would crush all salesmen in it's path, I am very happy to report that our very own Dwight Schrute has crushed his electronic nemesis, if you will, by a whopping fifty-two reams.
Fifty-two reams!
Dwight has defeated the computer.
He beat the computer.
What do you think of Angela?
No, not like that, as a woman.  W-O-M-A-N.
You hadn't noticed she's a woman?
I hear she's single and ready to mingle.  I'm thinking about making a play for her.  What do you think?  Crazy, right?
Isn't that part of the fun?
She works here too, how is that any different?
[raised eyebrows] Okay.
Are you looking for dinner and a movie?  Because you're not going to find it in that box.  [Camera pans to Kevin giving an 'are you kidding me?' look]
Just so happens that I know where you can find it, but again, not in the box.
Angela, are you hearing words that I'm saying?
Hello.
They say you should never mix business with pleasure.  Really?  Well then, explain to me how a putt-putt golf company operates.
Here you are my dear, one thing made of ice.
Yes I will.
Excuse me.
I stole it!
You said your upper back itched.
Look Angela, I know this is weird because we work together, and up until and possibly now I've repulsed you, but I like you.
So, Angela is stubborn as a mule, she's giving off fairly strong vibes that she's not interested.
But do I like her or not, because if I like her, then I can't back down.
[answers two ringing phones] Hello, hey hang on a second.  Hello, hang on.
[Andy plus two voices on the phone singing] If you change your mind, I'll be first in line.  Honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me.  If you need me let me know, gonna be around.  If you got no place to go, if you're feeling down.  If your all alone when the pretty birds have flown, honey I'm still free, take a chance on me.  Gonna do my very best, and that ain't no lie, if you put me to the test, if you let me try.  Take a chance on me, that's all I ask of you Angela.  Take a chance on me.
I don't know yet, I have to call you back.
I'll call you back.
[to Dwight] What do you think of Angela?  There's just something about her.  All that strength and steeliness and righteousness all wrapped up tight and shoved into a tiny little delicate frame.
No.  I will not be playing it 'cool' [makes air quotes] with Angela.  Let me tell you a little story.  When I was seventeen, I was waitlisted at my number one school.  Even though I was a legacy, and I had like a thousand extra-curriculars, mostly drama, madrigals, barbershop club, I was waitlisted.  Did I wait, on that list?  No, I did not.  I busted into the admissions office and I [singing] sang them all the reasons they should admit me to the school [end singing].  And guess what?  I.  Got.  In.  And here's the kicker.  That school?  Cornell.
No. Actually, whomever is the formal version of the word.
So.
Me.  All night.  Dreaming about Angela's smoking hot body.
Not from a male perspective.  You need to set me up with her, I know she told you that she's looking, and she's totally not responding to my moves.
I have moon-walked past accounting like ten times.
Yeah.
Really?  Well, maybe you should look in the smart part of your brain.
Okay, well I come from a line Wasps so long it leads back to Moses.
Yeah, and I punched a hole in a wall.
Yeah.
I left a little present for Angela.  I think she's going to like it, because I found it outside of Vance Refrigeration all alone, and I told her in the note that the cat came to find her, that they were destined to be together.  I got game.
Gentlemen, a word.  Look, you guys are my closest friends in this office.
And as such, I come to you...
I am dying of lovesickness and horny-sickness.
I'm talking about Angela, okay?  Did you hear what she was saying to Pam the other day?
No can do.  I am itching all over with Angela-pox.
Hey, fellas!  And... lady.
That's not why I came over.  I mean it's a week late, but... I just came over to say hi.
Angela, you like lacrosse?
Scranton U. Varsity's gonna scrimmage the J.V. squad.  Should be pretty interesting.  J.V. gets really amped.
Yeah.
You wanna go?
Because we could get some food...
Afterwards at the...
Still waiting on that check.
Best ad ever. [sings in the tune of the 'Kit Kat theme song'] Gimme a break, gimme a break, break me off a piece of that... I am totally blanking. What is the thing?
What? No, why?
[singing] Break me off a piece of that... huh huh huh... br- applesauce.
Break me off a piece of that Chrysler car.
Football cream. Grr!
Hoo hoo hoo-hoo!
It's true, I give a mean backrub. I also do good aromatherapy [makes farting noise]. Not! You just got 'Nard dogged!
I need some advice. I've been spending a lot of time making out with Angela lately. But we've been necking, but only necking.  Right? Not actually kissing, our mouths, just the neck on neck. It's just like rubbing slash nuzzling our necks together. It's hot, I'm not going to lie to you , but it's a little weird, but you seem like a guy with answers, so how do I fast track this to get to first base?
We'll use code names.
That's not different enough.
Does anyone actually know what Sue Grafton looks like? I mean, is she hot or-?
Well then maybe we should just use Angela and say she's Sue Grafton. Would anyone notice?
News flash. I got some juicy updates on Operation Fallen Angel. Remind me to tell you later.
[singing] Break me off a piece of that lumber tar. Snickers bar.
Break me off a piece of that Grey Poupon.
Let me pour you some bubbly because somebody got to a whole new level last night.
No, no no no, this is good. You know how we haven't really gotten anywhere that I want to get to physically yet? Well, last night, that changed. We're makin' out, I'm kissin' her neck, and cheek and her ear lobe, and she's not really kissing me back. But she closes her eyes and she's like, 'Oh D, oh D.'
Yeah. D for Andy.
Oh D.
Oh D!
[singing] Claude Van Damme, Hair for Men, poison gas, NutraSweet. [speaking] It's gotta rhyme with 'piece.' Fancy Feast! [sings] Break me off a piece of that Fancy Feast! It's the cat food. Nailed it.
[joins them at the table] Totally, I mean, come on, such a free spirit.
Just came to discuss my favorite E.M. Forester novel.  Pam, these finger sandwiches look finger-lickin' delicious Pam.
The Finer Things Club is the most exclusive club in this office.  Naturally, it's where I need to be.  The party planning committee is my back up, and Kevin's band is my safety.
Fine.  I'll just sit here, in the common area, and read my book.  Which just happens to be the very same book you're reading.
Why can't I be in the club?
So, Stanley, are you really outta here?
I'm gonna miss you man, you've been like an uncle to me.  Like a kind old uncle Remus.  I wanna stay in touch.
Oh-oh, come on!
And let me just add, that as a member of The Finer Things Club, I would bring a strong financial contribution to any discretionary funds that we may have.  Finally, here is a recommendation from former U.S. Senator Rick Santorum.
Mmmhmm. [leaves]
[opens envelope Toby has handed him] Dear Andrew Bernard, after carefully examining your application to The Finer Things Club, we are unable to offer you a position at this place and time.  We would, however, like to place you on a list in case an opportunity arises when your inclusion can be tolerated.  Your position as an ongoing financial patron, however, is yours to cherish.  Sincerely, The Finer Things Club. [pauses to consider]  Yeees!  [to Phyllis] I got waitlisted.
I got into Cornell off the Wait List.  A lot of people were like, 'Oh, you just got into Cornell because your dad donated a building.'  No.  Okay.  I got into Cornell because I'm smart.  I'm smart enough to have a dad who donates buildings to things.
Tuna. [rolls in chair to Jim's desk]
Me likey the ice cream cake, okay? Fudgie the Whale.
Well, I'm just saying, you know, if you want to make people happy, namely me, you will have a Fudgie the Whale.
Wow, OK, harsh. Just don't expect me to show up.
Loud and clear. [rolls in chair back to desk]
Pizza rolls.
Mushroom caps.
I played a lot of pong growing up.  I spent a lot of time on cruise ships.  I'm also a monster snorkler.
Okay, you know what, this table's not regulation.
Do you know anything about physics?
Just serve.  Let's go. [hits one into net]  Dammit!  These balls are weighted weird, aren't they?
Yeah.  Get another one. [throws the offending ball at Jim, who takes another from his pocket]
I don't know! No, okay, just... serve!
Hey-o!
Tuna! What's up Tuna, we having tuna for dinner? [to Pam] I bet you're sick of tuna right? You probably have tuna every night. Tuna! [to Jan] These are for you. [hands flowers]
Except for one flower, which is for... my flower.
[playing charades] No it's a... hump. There's a hump.
Okay yes, first name of that animal and the second name is the state where Helena is the capital.
Yes! Yes.
Michael, you're up.
Time!
Thought about it, I'm in.
Yeah it does.
I believe it means mouth pleaser.
It's French.  I studied some French during my semester at sea.  Or, shall I say a semester at la mer, which is French for 'sea.'
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Mmm. [takes one and eats it]
I lost a penny out of my loafers, Oscar.
I left my cell phone in my car.
Because of the construction at W.B. Jones, half of us have to park in the satellite lot.
It's like a ten minute walk.
Yes.
OK.
...So help us out.
We won't let you down.
Uh Michael Scott could not make it today due to an unforeseen prior engagement.
Gentleman please. We called this meeting. Andrew Bernard is the name of me. And this is my associate, Mr. Kevin Malone.
Well first of all, I'd just like to say [pulls out note cards] what an honor it is to be sitting here with you gentlemen.
[at same time as Kevin] I did it.
Yeah, there it is. You're welcome.
Did I do this for me? No, I did this for the little guy. For Joe Sixpack. The guy who wakes up every morning in his four hundred dollar a month apartment, wonders how's he gonna pay his mortgage that month. Wonders how he's gonna fill his car up with oil. Wonders how I'm gonna pay my kid's orphanage bills. That guy shouldn't have to wonder where he's gonna park.
Oh yes! Count me in dudes. I am in some serious need of some bro' time. Old ball and chain's been a lot more chain than ball lately if you know what I'm saying.
Yes, it's Eddie.
By a show of hands, who thinks we're a better couple than Jim and Pam? [people raise hands]
Yeah, Pam! Hit me up! Go long. Woo! [Pam throws football, hits Meredith's face]
Here it is, you should draw a picture...
Cause that says, that says...
So much more than words...
[playing with Madlibs] Okay, adjective...
Good one. Okay, you ready?
[reads] The tall man entered the nice building to visit a very nice man. 'Sit down, Mr. Smith, can I interest you in any good... cat food?'
What about a cat eating man food?
What if we changed our outgoing answering machine message, so it just had a little more... zing, and a little more pep?
You meet a lot of ladies driving an Xterra, because you pull up to a stoplight, and look over and there's an Xterra next to you. They're always driven by chicks, so there's your icebreaker.
That's a racing stripe.
Mmm, I doubt that very much.
How next to?
I have to pick one of those?
Can you go over those options again?
Well I have the, the blue book value...
Can I think about it?
Let me think about it--
Let me think about it--
I'm thinking about it--
Thinking--
Yeah. All right!
What the hell is this all about? [holds up flier] You're flipping my car for profit.
I gave you a deal... based on what you said to me.
Oh no!  No, no-no-no-no! My grandfather would be spinning in his urn, if he knew that I was out here with a Dartmouth boy. You take that shirt off right now or I will take it off for you, sir.  I am... totally and completely kidding! [they both laugh] Andrew Bernard, Cornell '95.
Oop, got some blisties.
Hit about 1200 balls last night, in preparation for today, so hands are a little tender. [shows blisters on both hands] It's actually not funny at all. It's incredibly painful.
[gushing lotion inside his golf gloves] Giddy up, let's do this.
People assume I'm great at golf. But like everybody, I hated golf lessons when I was a kid. So, I used to hang out at the sailing club instead. Got my 'knot' on.
[swings] Dammit!
[Jim's cellphone rings] AH! Come on, Tuna!
All right, race to the next hole! [he runs off to the cart]
Shortcut! Shortcut! [drives cart off course, it flips over]  Woah! I fell in the sandtrap!
[trying to pick up a beer bottle with blistered hands, struggles trying to take a drink as everyone watches.]
Count me in!
All right!
Right on.
[tries to break club over knee] Ow! Ow! [tries again] Owooh!
[on microphone] Can I have your attention please? [music stops] I was waiting for the right time to do this, and I can't think of a better time than right now, with the music playing, and all our friends around, and fireworks going off... My parents are here! Andrew and Ellen Bernard. Thank you for sharing in this joyous moment. Miss Angela Martin, will you please join me onstage? [Angela shakes her head 'no'] Okay, then I will come to you, my flower. [knocks over Darryl's keyboard]
Angela, will you do me the honor... of giving me your tiny hand in marriage? [shows her a ring]
Into the mic, sweetie.
She said yes! [light applause] And the crowd goes wild! Woo! [music starts playing; Jim puts his ring back in his pocket and exhales sharply]
I've been carrying that ring around in my wallet for six years. Because you don't know when you're gonna meet the right girl and the moment's gonna be right. And tonight, with the fireworks, and the music, and everything... it was right.
Tuna! [hugs Jim; makes small explosion sound] I'm engaged!
Mr. Andrew Bernard... it's got a nice ring to it.
It was down for a couple hours yesterday, then back up, and now I've heard from a very reliable source that it is once again out of commission.  And that reliable source is you.
Um, I do, 'cause I just told you.
But I don't think it's a disaster.  I think it's fun, and I like the food.
Is that what that is?
You know what, I didn't try those. [reaches for one] I could try this.  Augh!  Fried Twinkies, you kidding me?  Starting to wonder about the food in this place [takes a bite].  Oh, God!  That is so good.
I'm excited to lose weight for the wedding, because I really want to have washboard abs the first time Angela sees me naked.
I'm totally gonna slaughter at the weigh-in today.
Really? 'Cause I haven't eaten anything since noon on Friday.
Ang. Ela. [sings] Ella, ella, ella. Under my Angerela. Ella, ella, ella. Ay, ay--
Hey, check it out. [hands her brochure] This is The Breakers, Newport, Rhode Island. Huge, awesome gorgeous mansion overlooking the Atlantic. And my dad went to Cornell with the current groundskeeper.
Every little boy fantasizes about his fairy-tale wedding.
This is where my parents decided not to get divorced.
OK. How do you feel about Maine? [Angela picks up phone and dials] I'm on it. I'll see you later, love. [Dwight's pager vibrates, he and Angela walk out]
Hey. So, since my little lady has such particular, impossible to perceive taste, I have made nonrefundable deposits at four totally different wedding locales:  Hot-air balloons over Napa Valley, world-famous Walt Disney's Epcot Center, scuba-diving wedding in the Bahamas and the Wilkes-Barre Marriott Ballroom C.
I don't know if there's any one place that has all these things.
Thousand-year-old church in the continental United States. There has to be a rainbow. 24-hour veterinarian on call.
Sweetheart. [Angela turns around] Just so you know, I don't care where we get married. I'll marry you right here in this building. I'll marry you in the parking lot. I'll marry you in the eye of a hurricane in the middle of a snowstorm on top of a monsoon. All I care about is that we're gonna spend the rest of our lives together.
[Angela kisses him] Hey-oh!
Why not, dawg?
Damnit, I need these five days for my honeymoon!  Who is slacking?
NO!  I want names!
This is the hardest thing I've ever had to do in my entire life.  I haven't had a very hard life.
Leave it to me, boss.  I can get this whole office to make weight. [turns up thermostat] It's gonna be a little toasty in here. Good old fashioned sweat lodge.
Andy Bernard does not lose contests.  He wins them... or he quits them because they are unfair.
Your wish is my command.
Of course!
Yeah!  I mean it's a great song.  I always thought it was bigger than Christmas anyway.  You know?
And you know what?  The guys already know it so it's easy breezy.
I didn't tell you.
Here Comes Treble, class of '96 was available for our big day, so, I booked 'em.
And, they are collectively my best man.  And they are crashing with us for three weeks, so... it totally works out.
Ok, I hear you, sweetheart, but this is a deal breaker.  But you know what?  You're gonna love these guys.  Carl 1, Carl 2, Broccoli Rob, Spare Rib, Doobie, Lunch Box, Boner Champ, that's me, Pubie Lewis and the News, Hopscotch, Jingle Jangle, Sandwich.  These are the best best-man a guy could ever hope for.
Mm-wah! [Angela walks away, Dwight follows]
Wet Tuna!
Yeah, totally.  I'm sorry, Oscar.  Yeah, I didn't realize it was bothering you.
Cause it's kind of bothering all of us, 'cause it's really hot, you know, it's hot, so we can lose weight, so we don't screw up this whole contest for the entire freaking office, but if you want, I'll turn it down.
A little close to my engagement there Tuna, what's your game here?
Hey-oh!
I'll drop an ethics bomb on you.  Would you steal bread to feed your family? ... Boom!
Yeah, I took intro to philosophy,
No that's... not how it works.
Yo.
No, I did not.  Was that any good?
Is that anything like the original Battlestar Galactica?
Really? [Dwight closes his eyes, clutches the paper in his hands] Huh, that's cool.
Really?  That doesn't sound right.
No way, lady.
Wait a second, how does the steak factor in again?
Yes! Yeah.  [squatting and pushing] Aaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaaa!
Yo.  I got the Nard-puppy for ya.  What's going on here?
Awww.  Check it out - who would have thought that this little baby would be marrying that little baby?
Well -
Why would that make me a pervert, I -
That's not you.
That's mean, come on, that's - [Angela storms out]
So Jan, tell my intended about the miracle of childbirth.
OK.  Yeah.  Look at my finger.  Look.  Looook!
Look up here!
What? Sorry.
We're taking a picture.
She's nature's bounty.
That's for you. And, um, oh. I am right in assuming that Dwight is short for D-Money. 'Cause that's what I wrote on your save-the-date.
J-Money. Or should it be T-Money, for Tuna? Receptionist Money. K-Money.
You're always safe with me. I'm a very good screamer. And one day, we're going to move to Disney's Celebration Village in Florida and leave all of this behind.
Yeah?
[cockney accent] Consider yourself... at home!
250
I need a hug, unless you're gonna give me one.
[dressed as a kitten] Meow. Sweet 'stume, dude. Who are you supposed to be?
Cool.
[buzzer noise] We were looking for 'kitten.'
Ha ha ha. That's funny. [angrily] Take that sweatshirt off!  Hey buddy.
Remember when I jokingly yelled at you to take your sweatshirt off? Totally joking. But, you should know, those colors are sacred. Not that I care. But if you're not a Cornell man, you probably shouldn't wear them.
Come on, you think you can get into Cornell?
Well he's had a pretty good season so far--- Stop saying 'we.' You did not go to Cornell. Okay, you're just doing this to screw with me.
I know it's an excellent school, Dwight. I went there. My blood runs Big Red.
Take that down. [Dwight has hung a large red Cornell banner from the ceiling]
Take. That down.
I seriously doubt that anyone from Cornell dated you.
It's pronounced 'Corn-ell!' It's the highest rank in the Ivy League!
Fine.
Yeah, good. Can we--- [Dwight pulls out Cornell mascot bobble-head] Grr. Heh heh heh. That's Big Red Bear! That's a bobble Big Red Bear! God!!
[outside men's room] You might be interested- [stops when he sees Stanley come out]
Dwight!
Hm. Assuming you had the voice to be in any of them, it's irrelevant. Because I called admissions and it looks like I, will be conducting your university interview.
Yeah. Big one. So, should I not let you in now, or do you want to do the interview, and then I won't let you in?
Excellent. When the hourglass strikes three, then in the room whence employees confer.
The conference room!
Who are your role models?
If I had to put Dwight's chances into a percentage, I would say he has none percent chance.
So, Dane Cook, Jack Bauer, and Eli Whitney. You're doing great.
Let's see how well you know your Big Red history.
Who was Cornell's eighth president?
Mm, I'm sorry that's incorrect. Cornell's seventh president was in fact, James A. Perkins. [writes in a notebook] Comprehension skills, sub-par.
What are you writing? Can't even give Cornell your full attention?
Nobody wants ...that, to happen.
Applicant is attempting to blackmail interviewer, showing low moral character.'
Applicant is wasting everyone's time with stupid and inane accusations.'
Applicant has a head shaped like a trapezoid.'
I have everything I need- [talking over each other]
And you will be hearing from -
which I will not be a part of-
And YOU will not be pleased with the result!
And your affiliation with Cornell -
Will end completely!
[Whistling, enters office in farmer overalls]  I thought I'd come in casual today. Man, I'm hungry. Anyone else feel like a beet?
What, these?  Bernard Farms. Best beets in the state.
Well you will. Soon as you visit, my new beet farm. [attempts to bite into a raw beet, beet is too hard] You're supposed to cook these, aren't you?
I don't care, so it doesn't matter.
You don't think he could get in, though....right? I mean, I don't care, but I just don't see how he could. I doubt he could get in.
I don't care either way, so....shut up.
[in parking lot on cell phone] Don't tell me to calm down, Dad! [grunts] Don't do that! Oh, God, of all people, I thought you would understand. You're an alum. This guy, he's....he's poking the bear! [listens briefly] Yeah, okay, I'll see you at Thanksgiving. Hi to Mom. Bye.
Big idea: double wedding. Me, Angela, you, Holly.
[punches button] Speakerphone!
Yo, Tommy Tuna, did you get your scores yet?
I got mine. They were really good.
Yeah, pretty psyched. Whoa! That's my mug.
Right, well, it's mine, so if you could pour it out and get another one.
[smiles] It is a great mug. But it's not my mug. That is my mug. So give it back.
It has my face on it.
Dude, that is my face!
[on phone] Yeah, I'm looking at it right now. It's really gorgeous. You guys do great work.
I found the best tentist on the east coast. He personally tented Giuliani's first and third weddings. And I got him. [shakes fist] I got him!
[on phone] Would you be able to do the same design, but with walls of gray? And a top that's gray too? Fabulous.
So it's called the Shangri-La Tent. It's two stories, heated and has a bridal suite for my bridal sweet. It's just really simple, really tasteful.
Hobos live in trains.
Well, Nana Mim -- Ahh. OK, look. This tent is awesome. And it's in high demand, so I really think we should put a deposit down now.
Done and done-er.
Do you have a specific place in mind?
On it!
[at computer, spins chair around and makes triumphant gesture] Yes!
I found it. I found the perfect place. A local bed-and-breakfast on a 60-acre beet farm. And even better, I have an in with the owner. Oh, yeah. We work together. It's Dwight Schrute. As in Schrute Farms.
We haven't decided on anything yet. We're still reviewing some options, and it's gonna come down to the numbers.
Oh. Hmm.
That's very generous.
Oh, thank the good Lord. Deal! [shakes Dwight's hand]
Um, what are we talking price wise?
Can't argue with that. Dwight ... [takes Angela's hand] You are going to make us so happy. [Dwight and Angela grin at each other]
Oh, man!
[hand up, seeking a high five] Up! Don't leave me hangin'! [they do]
I am no longer the worst salesman in the office. Yes! [Andy gestures excitedly, knocking over his coffee mug] Ow! Dammit!
Monsieur.
I'm just bidding a bon voyage a La Mon Petit fiancee. Translation: Goodbye my petite fiancee. [chuckles]
I will try.
Meaning I will try to get other dudes laid.
Ah... sweet!
Michael Gary Scott rolling like a pimp!
Mmmhmmm...
Mmmm...
That's really good. [offers mimosa to Oscar]
Oh...
Oh boy. [follows Oscar back to coach]
[loudly] Harry and the Henderson's
Very cool.
We are going to find out where the action is, my friend.
Where's the concierge?
Mmm... bingo! [indicates towards concierge desk] Follow moi, bro-sieur.
[to concierge] What about a nice sushi place?  Maybe a place with a view?
One final question. Where might you find yourself on a Winnipeg night like tonight?
[nodding towards Michael] The Huntsman.
Engaging wings [imitates mechanical sound]
Yeah with a hot slab of Canadian bacon in your hand.
For Madame et monsieur. [hands Michael and Marie a glass of wine]
You're welcome.
Let me get a picture of you guys.
Alright, I've scoped out the joint.  Those two dudes are as good as naked.
Come on! It's Dandy Dale and Foppy McGee over there. [turns to bartender] Mademoiselle! Beer me dos Long Island iced teas s'ill vous plait. [to Oscar] Bad decision in a glass.
I don't care if you're gay, straight, engaged... whatever. A guy needs intercourse.
You'll thank me when they spank thee.
Do you guys like apples?
Do you like apples?
Well, how do you like these apples? [sets drinks on table] Alright, on a scale of 1 - 10, how hot is that dude? [indicates towards Oscar who waves slightly]
No, but he could be yours if you play your cards right.
Gentleman. [walks away]
Dude, you struck out.  They're totally stuck up.  Here... drink up.
Anything.  You can ask me anything.
I'm your wingman.
Right-o.
What?
What do I see in Angela?
I see through a hard exterior to a little jelly in the middle.  She is teaching me to be a better person. And she's working really hard on that.  And she has the softest skin I've ever seen and I can't wait to have sex with her.
No.
Honestly, I don't know what we're waiting for.
What is wrong with her?
I should call her and ask her. What is wrong with her?
Too late, too late. It's dialing... now it's ringing. [Oscar laughs] Shh...
What is wrong with you?
That was Oscar and he wants to know why you won't do me and I think it's a valid question.
This is Andy Bernard!
I wanna take you to sex school.
Is somebody there?
I have needs.
Naked.
We'll discuss it later naked.  I want to see you naked.
Oscar
That was fun last night.
You know, it's true what they say--- Long Island iced teas are way stronger in Canada.
You kidding me? It's what I do. Get the whole nine 'nards. [Oscar laughs]
Totally. [continues laughing] What--- Who?
We called Angela?
That was real?! I thought I dreamed that.  Oh, God!
Oh, God!
So bad!
Oh man, she is so pissed. [sitting down by Oscar]
She's taking us back to first base.
I get to kiss her forehead. [looks at Oscar] I had a good time hanging out this weekend.
Wingman for life. W.M.F.L
You up for a chest bump?
Bro hug? [Oscar shakes head... then sticks his hand out and Andy shakes it] Back to basics. I like it.
I had to go all the way to Canada to get to know a guy who sits 20 feet away from me.  And he's delightful! [laughs]
So, Tunes, you still gonna buy your old man's place?
Ehhh no, I was just walking by your desk.  I saw some email.  I got peepers of an eagle.
Kaaw!
Whoa, you haven't told the misses about the castle?  You're in for a spanking my friend.  Myself and my lady? - no secrets.
That is just obnoxious.
No, the note is way more obnoxious than the mess.
Dwight, I'm a little concerned about some of these directions to Schrute Farms...
I mean, like, '156 paces from the light red mailbox, make a left.'
Walk until you hear the beehive.'
Let's three-way this little issue, and come to a solution by the time we get to Schrute Farms, how's that for a plan?
We're getting married at Schrute Farms, no matter what. I have looked at twelve venues, I have lost eight deposits, and I have seen Angela naked zero times. I am not losing another deposit.
Hmm... mm, what's that smell?
Uh, Dwight, if we pay extra, could you slaughter the entrees the day before?
See? That's how you do it! Makin' progress here. [steps in manure, trying to laugh it off] ...Darn! Heh.
Okay.
Okay, guys!
What is this? All right, we're all on the same team. Is it- [steps in manure] Damn! Why is that in the kitchen?!
Hey-o!
[whistling Pachelbel's 'Canon in D;' switches to singing then back to whistling]
I'm Andy.
What?
Are we, uh... are we leaving or what? [Mose hits Andy in the head with a deflated ball] Ow!
Hey Tuna, check it out. Tuna sandwich. Just like you. [Angela walks over to Andy] What-
Was that hot or what?
[sitting on floor playing the sitar] Hey, hey... Ange... check it out.  [sings] There's a place in France where the naked ladies dance. [laughs]
[sings] There's a hole in the wall where the men can see it all.
Sorry.
When I was in college I used to get wicked hammered. My nickname was puke.  I would chug a fifth of socos, sneak into a frat party, polish off a few people's empties, some brewskies, some Jell-O shots, do some body shots off myself, pass out, wake up the next morning, puke, rally, more soco, head to class.  Probably would have gotten expelled if I had let it affect my grades, but I aced all my courses.  They called me Ace.  It was totally awesome.  Got straight B's.  They called me Buzz.
What's up?
Sure.
All right, everybody's still here.  Perfect! Got a little surprise I've been working on.  Angela, my bride, I just wanted you to know that for the rest of our lives, no matter the cultural milieu, I will always be there to bring you Christmas cheer.  [sings] Deck the halls with boughs of holly. Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la.  Tis the season to be jolly. Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la.  Don we now our gay apparel. Fa-la-la-la-la-LA.  Troll the little Yule tide carol. Roo-di-di-di-do. Roododododo. [laughs]
Sure. Dooo. Tough room. [chuckles] Come on. I just learned it.  Just so you know protocol is a little round of applause. But, Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night.
[entering the office] Excuse me, everyone, can I have the floor please? Um, this is insanely awkward. It's kind of the elephant in the room, so I'll just... [sighs] No one has RSVP'ed to our wedding yet, and the deadline was yesterday.
Hmm?
No, no one has RSVP'ed, and I don't understand it, and now, you're shutting me out. You're not even listening. That's really considerate. Thank you.
[on the phone] That cannot be true! [Dwight jumps] You're going to charge me a fee to cut my own cake? Uh, no. No, no, no. What I'm saying is, I want to cut it myself...
When what? [clears throat] When what?
What can't go on?
Seems like...
You guys should... be hearing what I'm saying.
Yeah.
Will do, boss-man.
You're not making any sense.
All righty.
Have a good meeting!
[through the car window] Kick Wallace's ass!
I can't hear you through the glass
What?
Are you serious?
[enters the office and walks to Angela] I need to talk to you.
I need to talk to you in private.
Let's go to the conference room.
Is it true?
That you're sleeping with Dwight.
Is it true?
Just answer the question. Are you sleeping with Dwight?
How long has it been going on?
Who else knows about it?
Who else?
Oh God. Come on!
So like, missionary...
Do you love him?
Why should I believe that?
Who says that?
Where's Dwight?
No. Not at all, actually. But thanks for asking. Appreciate it. You know what? I'd also like to take this opportunity to thank all of you for lying. To my face. And not telling me what's been going on this entire time.
[Dwight enters] Dwight.
It's over.
No. It's over between you two.
You have to.
[forcefully] She doesn't love you. She's marrying me.
Angela Bernard.
It will be her name. And you will have to call her that!
I'm telling you to back down.
Then I'll make you.
Through the use of force.
I will fight you.
Fine!
Guess what? Not happening at work.
We're gonna do it outside.
None of your business.
My bare hands.
Then I'll get something too.
I will be taking my break at 4:00 in the parking lot.
[softly] What a coincidence.
Yeah.
You give up?
I am a man! I'm a bigger man than you'll ever be! I would never sleep with another man's fiance!
Protect her from what? Bears, you idiot? When's the last time you saw a damn bear in Scranton?
Go away, Tuna! I'm winning this!
What did you say? I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you.
What? You stupid idiot! [Andy honks his horn] You're like, you're like a Sasquatch! You live in the woods...
I don't get it! How can she be sleeping with you this whole time and only sleep with me twice?
What!
I'm her fiance.
[enters, followed by Dwight, and makes a call] Yes, hi, my last name is Bernard, and I would like to cancel a wedding cake that I had ordered. B-E-R, N-A, R-D. Yeah, the one shaped like a sailboat... Yep, that's the one.
Thank you. [hangs up]
What are you guys talking about?
Who is the gal in question?
Each side will have three minutes to prepare opening arguments. Topic: Hillary Swank is attractive.
Okay, TMI.
Okay, it is time for the final votes. All of those in favor of resolution Hillary Swank is hot? [half of office raises hand] Okay. And all those opposed? [he skips back and joins other half of office in raising hand]
Whoa, fire!
It-- it's warm.
Aah! This ones hot too!
Get out of the way!
Move it!
The fire's shooting at us!
Yes! [Dwight pulls fire alarm] Yes, ba-- Yes, battering ram! Battering ram!
Go, go, go, go, go!! [Andy and Jim ram the door with the copy machine]
You're choking him!
[in a British accent] A throne for your highness.
Oh you can tell by the way I use my walk I'm a woman's man, no time to talk. Music loud, women warm, been kicked around since I was born. Oh, it's alright, it's okay, [Michael and Kelly join in] you can look the other way. Loo do do!
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da
Stanley.
Hope you brought your appetitos.  My lady. My tuna. A little movie popcorn. [dumps popcorn in bowl, it's almost all seeds] Uh, damn it.  This movie, a lot of buzz.  Not coming out for another six months.  Mrs. Albert Hannaday. So, friendship with the Nard-dog has its privileges.
Hmm? Who? Sam?
Hmm.
Jim and Pam are, like, movie geniuses. They're catching things that are totally going over my head.
I know it man. You know, Lilly was supposed to be Nicole Kidman, um and it was gonna be Sophie's mom, not grandmother. But then Nicole kidman dropped out so they went with Lily, with a small rewrite.
Yeah... but... eh... breakfast? You mean when they were eating soup? I don't think that was breakfast. Unless soup, does soup symbolize breakfast?
You guys, they're making out.
[singing and playing the guitar] What I hate about you, you really suck as a boss, you're the laziest, jerkiest and you're dumber than applesauce. We're stuck listening to you all day, Stanley tried to die just to get away, heeey, well it's true. That's what I hate about you. That's what I hate about you. Yeah. And now, a man that deserves no introduction, Michael Scott.
[through tears] Sam! Sam!
I am not insightful enough to be a movie critic. Mm... maybe I could be a food critic. These muffins taste bad. Hmm, or an art critic. That painting is bad.
Um Phyllis, who's that?
For your information, I have been with lots of beautiful women.
This conversation is over.
I am single now. What we have here, is the ultimate smackdown between the Nard-Dog and crippling despair, loneliness, and depression. I intend to win.
[looking into Julia's car] Trying to see what CD's she got. It's good to know the deets about the girl you're wooing. Eh, Aha! Fiest. Yes! [bangs on car and alarm goes off] Whoa! Aah, Aah! [backs up and runs into another car starting another alarm]
Brought you guys some coffees. Stanley, I know you have adult onset diabetes. So I put Splenda in yours. Let's see. How many did I put in there? [starts singing to the tune of Feist's 1234] One, Two, Three, Four Splenda's in your coffee, Stanley. None in yours, Julia, cause I don't know how you take it. But if you'd rather...
Well, No, I actually only put in two. But that's not how the songs goes.
Are you out of your damn mind? You bring an angel like that into this office, and you don't even set me up with her.
We are friends. Stanley, we're friends. And you let me down.
Yeah. I really like her with all my heart.
So Julia, um, let's see. With regards to, uh, billing. Should we send bills to you, or to your boyfriend's house or?
Oh Okay, all right. That makes sense. How does your boyfriend, deal with your phenomenal success? Is he just, like, totally threatened by you, or?
[stammers] Really? Is that... wow, that's so weird.
Guys, stop everything. I'm about to ask out this girl, and I'm completely panicking.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I've seen her, like, three times today. And we love all the same music, and whenever I walk into a room, she totally looks up.
Okay, it sounds risky.
Wait, what?
Oh, my pleasure. Yeah, there's all kinds of weirdo's out here, so...
I am about to die. [laughs] Will you wait here while I go get my jacket?
Okay, Okay. Well listen, you're a new client, and as one of my new clients, you will always be taken care of. And that is the Nard-Dog guarantee.
[points to self] This is the Nard-Dog.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh I, I thought we had this energy. And I'm a mess. And I just had my heart broken. And you came in today and your so pretty. You're, like, incredibly pretty.
Yeah, right? Wow. Yeah. Do you want to talk about it? Go to a mall of something? Just walk around?
Sure, yeah that's... your right. It's too soon for... definitely too soon for me. So I'm glad we go that out of the way. I'm gonna be in touch with you. In three months. I'm gonna call you about that order. And maybe about that mall walk.
Take care Julia.
[as Julia is pulling out] Sorry I tried to kiss y...
We lost the account.
Golden Girls. That's a golden ticket idea, right, I mean how great was that show? Golden Grahams. Another, is it -- I don't get this...
No! No! No!
[sighs] You're making it too easy for her. You're just conveying, 'Oh I like you just the way you are.'
Well that's not what we agreed on.
Huh?
No.
You're asking him to give up all of his power.
You can't let a girl feel good about herself. It will backfire on you. Every compliment has to be backhanded. 'Oh I like your dress, but I'd like it more if you had prettier hair.'
That's low, Tuna.
Don't touch her. Don't talk to her. Don't look at her.
[Jim, Andy and Pam all talking over each other] ...turn into this black and carbon brick-where this barbeque sauce of shame and rage and two hot people with a perfect relationship would not understand that.
Well, it's uh, his funeral. So... neh!
Hey-o!
Duuudes, stop.
Stop doing that!
Cool.
I'm telling you, when corporate sends somebody, it is big trouble, or, really good news. And then sometimes it means business as usual.
Why are you asking him? I just told you why he's here.
For four more days.
Hey Michael...
Can I talk to you a minute?
I just wanted to tell you that... Oh What?  [takes a present out from behind his back]  What's that?
Um, you know, cause your leaving and so, it's a farewell...
I hope I get to work with you someday again.
Ah... busted. Yes
Oh.
No way!?
In this climate?
Ehh... [in accent] well it's a very intriguing concept, isn't it?  Um... hmmm..[makes weird noises to stall, Dwight enters] Michael is starting his own paper company. What do you think about that?
[from behind the upstairs window] What is he doing? It looks like he's saying something.
The whole office feels darker, you know?  It's just a sad dark day.
I know.
It is 1-3-4, Kev! [Kevin runs to the phone]
You are murdering the Nard-dog!
Hey-o! [applauding and cheering]
My maid died.
How are operations of the company? Just, day-to day.
[laughing at something on his computer]
Oh. Oh my God. I'm so embarrassed. You weren't supposed to see this. This is like my secret obsession.
No way!
I hate soccer. But guess who doesn't hate soccer? Charles Miner.
Ahhh. You bastard! That shoulda been me!
Cool!
Whoa! And he just goes, 'Boom'. [kicking motion] Goal!
You know your soccer, man.
I mean, to be fair, I was the first one to talk about it, but...
I'm in it to win.
Get 'im, Jim! C'mon, tough D, Jim. [Charles kicks, ball hits Phyllis in the nose]
What do you think?
Thank you!
Oh, this is awkward. [Andy and Erin 'dance' trying to get out of each other's way]
Uh oh! Oh! Oh! [Andy improvs musical verbage]
Um, nerthing?
Pffft.
The last thing I want to do, is step on your funk man.
No, that's ridiculous.
Look you've been here longer, and besides, I'm a better wingman than I am a boyfriend so-
That was great, but it's just sort of, it's still a little choppy like. But don't worry, it's hard, it took me a while too. It's like [Andy plays Country Roads on his banjo.]
What? Oh my God you heard that I'm so embarrassed. I'm like so rusty.
Really?
Literally every song is better a cappella. Name a song.
Better a cappella!
Yeah. Name another.
Better a cappella.
Aw!! Way better a cappella
Yeah.
This is my solo. [stereo plays Andy imitating bass guitar, a cappella starts singing 'You Can Call Me Al']
Trust me. You will not be walking. You will be boogie-ing.
Well, 12 guys, airfare, three nights in a hotel, food per diem, table up front for merch... $9,000.
Did you even hear the music I just played for you?
What was up with Pam being all pushy and negative in there?
It scares me to see you going down a road that I went down.
When I see her bossing you around like that, it just makes me wonder if this thing really has the legs to go the distance.
I know a few things about love.  Horrible, terrible, awful, awful things.
Noishe.'
That's interesting, because I hear what you're saying is that you want to do it, which means you can do it. Believe me, I broke up with Angela, and I'm like, the happiest guy ever. I mean, I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Like, total freedom, you know?
And you know what? I am here for you. Let me be your traveling pants. [imitates punching on Jim's fist] Ah, what'd you do that for?
[fist pound each other] Totally.
Hey, Jim.
Bro, I do that all the time.
Tuna, be nice to my friend Jim, ok?
Well, so what?  Your body's a ten.
Jim.
[hugging a crying Jim] Okay, okay.
Okay, Tuna.
Hello.
Excuse me, can I have your attention, everyone? Here's the deal, everybody, Jim Halpert is very upset and disturbed. I don't know if it was something you did, something you said, a look you gave him, maybe it was nothing at all, but here's the deal, ok? It stops now.
Oh, really?
Yeah, okay, what the heck is happennin' here?
Uh, that's not what was-
Oh man, he got me so good. I learned something about myself today. Yeah. I wish this was a sofa, cause I feel like I could sit here and talk for hours.
Who is that knocking on my taste buds? Why, it's Mr. Lemon. Hmmm, nice to meet you.
Don't think of it as a cross in the Judeo-Christian sense, think of it more as a symbol of your lives crossing in marriage.
Yes!
Hey, bud.
Who?
Are you sure?
Hey, Boss. Uh, I'd just like to point out that I have been here less time than these guys.
I just think the bar should be lower for a newbie.
I don't want to have said that.  But I think it's important that you know it.
I call foul, sir.
Andrew Bernard.
What are you still doing not at your desk?
All my files are now in reverse alphabetical order--
Oh, it is on like a prawn who yawns at dawn.
We could write a strong-worded letter.
I had a salmon salad.  With water, no ice.  I was going to get a soda, but the waiter talked me out of it.  Her name was Flo, she had black hair.
Dijonnaise.
Me too.
That's completely backwards.
You don't understand clothing, Toby.  You're dressed like this amorphous blob of khaki.
You're running from the problem.
[baby voice] Wittle Andy is afwaid.
Yes.
It's like a haunted disco.
[Michael is holding the stereo speaker up to a vent - blaring '[Gonna Make You Sweat] Everybody Dance Now', spins in chair] Oww!
Yeah! I love the vibe down here.
I'm not sure, but I'm pretty sure I'm in a dance off. Alright!
This dance competition is not over.
Yeah. No. Well, ok.
Well, stop trying to poke me with a sharp thing.
I, I - but you're not a professional and I'm thinking maybe we should have gone to a professional.
Are you sure that's not the 'gay' ear?
Well, I...
Count to twen - count to twenty.
K
Agh! Son of a bitch!
It was?
Bro-migo, you think you could put Erin on my row?
If-
Uh... [laughs sheepishly]
That's...
... not what I meant.
[playing volleyball, yelling at Erin, who hit the ball out of bounds] Are you blind?! Are you blind?! [turns attention to a man on the other team] Sir, with the glasses, are you literally blind? I'm concerned you might be in danger.
Okay, I was just looking out for you. [to Erin] You're doing great, by the way.
Are you blind?!
Can you see things with your eyeballs?!
Bump! I bumped it!
[playing volleyball] Jim, come on! [Jim scores a point, Scranton cheers]
Dwight.
Parkour!
Do me! Do me!
Ow! Get off! Get off!
Here it is, here it is... truck, to refrigerators, to dumpster, [camera pans to refrigerator boxes, then dumpster] 360 onto the pallets, backflip gainer to the trash can.
[to Michael's camera] Hardcore Parkour!
[leaps from trailer, disappears into empty refrigerator box]
[inside refrigerator box, sounding injured] Parkour!
[making a cup of tea in kitchen area]
What?
So?
[laughing] I like tea!
Hahaha! I like it a lot! I love tea!
WHAT??
[serious] Who told you that? Was it Broccoli Rob? Someone from Chi Psi? Or did you run into someone from my high school?
This is not the first time rumors about me being gay have come up. Twice before, actually. Just a weird coincidence... a little too weird. [chuckles nervously] Almost makes you wonder if it's not a coincidence at all. Whoa! Which it is, of course. [long pause] But it makes you wonder.
[to Oscar in break room] Did you hear the rumor about me? That I'm gay?
And?
Do you think it's true? Do you think that I'm... gay?
[scoffs and chuckles] No! But, let me kick you a scenario. I'm at a beach cabana, and Brad Pitt approaches. He tries to lean in and kiss me. I would definitely resist, like at first. But if he was persistent, [long pause] I think I might give in a little bit, just to see what it... felt like.
Would I push him away? How hard? Like, what if he's like really aggressive?
It's not real Brad Pitt, this is like, this is my fantasy. Or it's like, not a fantasy, it's just... it's just a scenario.
[to Jim] Tuna, how come you never try to set me up?
Women friends?
Not guy friends?
No. I mean, for the record, I prefer women.
But off the record, I'm kinda confused.
Yeah, the evidence is sort of stacked against me, I feel like...
Yeah, right?
How?
Right-o.
Ohh...
Alright. [looks around uneasily] Well hey...
Congratulations to you.
[chuckles] Come on... little baby Tuna. Little junior toro.
I heard it from Erin.
Even the fact that I'm gay?
[relieved] Yes!
Michael... am I gay?
What can I do for ya Hoss?
How are my sales doin'?  Busted.  My numbers are down a little bit and it's 'cause of the economy.  You're not buying it, you're good.  Okay the truth is, I have been having trouble focusing lately.  I'm in this weird, flirty, nebulous thing with this cousin of mine and it's a total mind effer.
Oh, I'm sorry Phyllis, you explain this email, okay.   'Hey Andy let's go visit grandma and then get drunk together, ha ha.'
You got it.
Oh, just backing up and turning around.
Dit, dit, dit, dit, it's not for you. [enters the conference room]  Pardon moi, Messieurs.  I took the liberty of preparing for you a cheese platter which I will place here on the eastern wall of the conference room.
Oui, Oui, Monsieur.  From the Wisconsin region, a nice firm cheddar.  Also from the great state of Wisconsin, an aged parmesan.  Here you will find a cheddar style spread which has reacted nicely with the air to form a light rind which I think you'll  find both challenging and delicious.  At that point, I would recommend you take a trip south of the border to the great state of Illinois where you will find this fine Bleu Cheese dressing.  If I may be so bold, it's a lot of fun to let the goldfish take a little swim in the bleu cheese.  Bon appetit.
That's not how that goes.
There's no way that Stanley gets more beans than me. [starts to take Stanley's beans, Stanley swats Andy's hand with his crossword puzzle] That is ridiculous. This is how it works. [everyone continues to argue]
Thank you! That is exactly-- by the way, I would also like a raise.
[Dwight peels a hard-boiled egg at his desk, sniffs it and takes a bite; Pam stares at him, picks up her trash can and pukes into it] Watching people get sick always makes me sick. And... frankly so does talking about it. So... wow...  [Andy, Phyllis, Meredith, Erin, Oscar and Angela all proceed to throw up in various places while Creed looks on eating a bowl of noodles; Dwight stares shocked; Pam wipes her mouth with a satisfied look]
What happens in Niagara, stays in Niagara. [laughter]
No... I didn't steal your joke.
[in Andy's car, Andy driving] Hey, do one of you guys want to sit up front with me so I have someone to talk to?  It's like a five hour drive-ish, you know.
Mmm-hmm. Erin?
Not only is Erin really sweet and cute... she smell's like my mom.
Hey. I got the room the night before you guys. I'll break in the bed. [laughs]
How did Meredith get put at the young people's table?
What? You're kid-- That's-- You're--
Partay. Room 639.
Chicks are gonna be off the hook. Guys, too, Oscar. Like Calvin Klein models.
Nothing. Except $40 for beer and any hot chicks you know. 'Cause that would help me deliver on some promises I made. Woo!
No one from the office has been to a real Bernard throw down.
If I was girl, I would seriously reconsdier coming to this party. But don't tell anyone that I said that, 'cause I want them to come.
You call that a robot? Try being more robotic, ok? Like this.
How about a little bit of this.
Did someone change my name to Baskin Robbin? Because I feel like a banana split. Woo! [Andy does a split and screams out in pain]
I was dancing and I did a split and I landed on my car keys in my pocket.
I tore my scrotum. I need you to take me to the hospital.
Everyone else is too drunk.  Just don't let me die here.
Are you sure this is the right way?
Well, at least slow down a little bit because every little bump in the road is major pain on... my scrotum.
I was trying to liven things up a little bit.  I was kinda doing your job so--
Well it's also to make sure that we have a great time at your stupid wedding, so--
[Pam swerves the car back and forth] Ow, ow!
[snickers] I spent the night with the bride the night before the wedding.  Ah yeah.  She stepped on my hand on her way to the bathroom.
No.  No that was real.
Oh cause of last night?  No way.  Reports have been exaggerated.  Weddings make me very emotional.  I um--I just have that side to me.
Well that's not--
I wasn't telling you.
Excuse me?
No, it didn't--nothing got torn off.  Who told you that?
It was my scrotum.  Um, and it was.  Thank you.
Golf.
Stock market.
Dave Matthews.
What do you think?
What happened in there?
Mobsters are!
He drives an SUV!
All mobsters have a front, sometimes it's selling insurance, sometimes it's waste management or sanitation.
Yeah, buy my insurance or I'll burn your warehouse down!
It's John Gotti, you idiot!
Yeah. It's pretty close.
Already? This, this guy is persistent!
Yeah right! You heard him! He's gonna burn down the warehouse or run one of our trucks off the road.
[hangs up, rips cord from phone] That is the stupidest thing you could do right now!
Not only that, but if they find out you snitched, you get a dead horses chopped off head in your bed!
That's how it works!
When somebody threatens you, you give in right away. Okay you need to buy insurance from this guy and get him off your back
Dwight...
Wait let's hear him out, this is interesting.
Okay.
[snaps fingers] I like this plan. I'd like to officially withdraw my plan.
No, no, no. My plan is out! We do this the hard way.
Well you're gonna have to. [overlaps] Dwight: We'll be right beside you.
What?
Well if I'm gonna back you up, I need a weapon without drawing suspicion, and I have to justify it somehow so, I'm a mechanic with a tire thing.
To change tires, no. But it's metal, I can hit somebody with it.
Should I change?
Well then I can't use it. I'm just gonna hide it.
Oh! God! [smacks roaches]
Hi.
Hmm. Very true.
[with Soprano's inflection] You know, gabba-gool.
Maybe we have a plan for you?
Yeeeeah.
Yes I can.
Okay!
Black goes on the red. With the... If we... Positive... Mo- it being a motor drive, it's probably down.
You want to do this junior? I didn't think so. Sorry. It's kind of a long day at the... mechanic store. [Andy places connections wrong, smoke and explosion set off] Aaaah!  You got a leaky spark tube.
So your car's totaled. Uh, you're just gonna want to get a refund on that. Or my guy could do it. He's great. But uh, I can't do that for you. I work exclusively on motorcycles. [Andy walks away, woman is exasperated]
Yeah. Just thinking about how, uh, I had this car, this Italian car, and I was driving it, and it kept telling me how much it needed oil, but I wouldn't give it any oil. And then, one day it exploded and it killed everyone and that's what I'm afraid of.
It was before, my tech- my technical training.
Do it.
Just do it.
You were man enough to back down Michael, I'm proud of you.
He's alive.  So you're welcome.
Yeah, some of that existed before.
You're right, that is new.
Well I don't see that happening.
Are you saying-
That we surgically remove the fear center from Michael's brain?
That seems a little far-fetched.
No, Michael. What we're trying to say is, we made a mistake assuming he was mafia. I have a buddy who's a Fed, and we did a background check on the guy.  His background is perfectly clean.
Class act. Boy scout.
He's trying to intimidate you to close sales. He's just a pushy salesman.
Whoa. Okay.
Next time you look in the mirror, you're gonna be looking at a guy who stood down the mafia!
You made the mafia apologize to you! You made the mafia be polite!
Sure thing, Tuna Boss.
[in Jim's office] How may I be of service to you?
[both look at Dwight, Jim waves] This aurea is a joke.
What are you thinking?
[both look at Dwight who is standing right outside the office] Let me tell you something, if you respect him at all, you will get him something better.
I know, right?
Trust me it would only make you mad.  [opera continues, Dwight looks at Jim standing outside his office, waves, Jim waves back]
Is this because of the 60 Minutes segment about working conditions in our Peruvian paper mill?
That is not okay dude.
WB!
Industrial P.! Makin' cold calls.
[singing] Where are you? Dean Trophies. Suite 100. Sherman  Blinds and Rugs. Suite 202.
Yeah. I was gonna sing that part.
Except it was going to resolve the melody, so now my head hurts. Feels like I held in a sneeze. Mmm! I hate this feeling. [sings] Suite 401.
We're kind of a dynamic duo. Or trio. [points to Pam's tummy]
[miffed] Looks like somebody's got a case of the definitelies.
Sha-bow.
Oh, wow. You thought that- oh, my gosh. Oh. Definitely not.
Nuh. Actually, it's kinda not ok. Um, I date models. Face models. My girlfriend, on a scale of one to Giselle, uh... a nine.
Pam's carrying our surrogate. Because my girlfriend needed to keep her figure for fashion week. So, we, uh, we put our baby in Pam.  Doesn't matter what Pam looks like.
No I wasn't. Ok. The very idea of us together made you burst out laughing like you just bit into an Adam Sandler and jelly sandwich.
Let me tell you something. I was never gonna make that sale.
That is our sales pitch and we are stickin' to it.
Well-
Yeah. You know. Two peas in a pod. We complete each other. What can I say? She loves to cook-
I love to dance-
Right. Sometimes I'll just dance for hours in the living room-
Yeah. We are thrilled.
In fact, we spent the whole weekend researching various birthing coaches. Wasn't that fun, honey?
Yeah. On Clearview Avenue.
Yeah.
One of the baby books suggets the best birthing posture is on all fours, like an animal. I just wish I had a special telephone so I could find out exactly wht the little soy bean wants. Right? Hey, little soy bean. What do you want? Right. How do- It- I felt it kick!
Oh, my gosh. Like a little magical foot just high-fived me.
Oh, my gosh. It's like he's trying to say, 'I love you, too, Daddy'. I love you, too. [leans over and kisses Pam's belly]
Message received, little soy bean.
Well, that went pretty well.
We got a maybe. It was our first maybe. Going by the Nard Dog curve, I'd say we nailed it.
You know what? I'm sorry. 'Cause in that moment I knew I was kissing your belly too much.
Yeah.
What the heck was that?
Agh- try almost cried, ok? I just got caught up in the fantasy.
No. I know I'm gonna go with Miss Janet. I just- I don't know. It was fun to role play, right?
I mean, it was fun for me. Having a wife and a little baby. Agh, I'm so sick of being single.
What do you think of Erin? I mean- she's- I- She's kinda cool.
You think I can do better?
Gotta get my goin' out on.
Wow. H & H.  You went all the way to New York City to get us bagels?
Thanks.
Oh, Dwight.  I have a little surprise for you.
Yes! [they laugh] And I wanted to return the favor.  I was polishing my loafers and I happened to look over and noticed that your brief case was a little worse for the wear, so a little elbow grease and she's polished right up, back up to her former glory.
Feel it against your cheek.
You give me a gift-- Bam!  Thank you note.  You invite me somewhere-- Pow! RSVP.  You do me a favor-- Wham!  Favor returned.  Do not test my politeness.
Whoa--
Thank you very much.  Now I've got it for you. [holds open door]
Is that right?
Huh. [laughs; follows Dwight]
That really works.
Hey-- oh, hold on a second.  Do not walk around with your jacket cattywampus.
Whoa--  thank you very much.  [takes off Dwight's glasses and blows on them]  Oh boy.
[puts Dwight's glasses back on Dwight's face]  You are very welcome.
[pulls out Dwight's chair] Have a seat yourself.
Not necessary.
You didn't have to do that.
[singing fanfare] Aye-yi-yi! [lifts covers off trays of food]
Yep, yep.  Took a page right out of the old Schrute book of niceness.
You bought breakfast for everyone, so I got lunch for everyone.
Whoa, whoa Dwight.  I'm going to do this.
No, I insist.
Ok, Dwight this is ridiculous.
[reaching for something on the top shelf]  Ahh.
Stupid things wedged up there.  No one in this office will help me.
What if Dwight dies and I still owe him something?  That is a recipe for a ghost.
It's like a little envelope-- there you go.
Surprise! [laughs]  It's from everybody.  $15 value.
I did stand up comedy once.
Yeah, I killed.
It was hilarious.
I got it, I got it... Oh, Tuna beat me to it.
I like Erin. There, I said it.  I was kinda hoping she would ask me out, but things have not panned out on that front, so... it is time for the Nard Dog to take matters into his own paws.
Who'd you get?
Oooooo, saucy.
Nathaniel Nutmeg, the local bartender and Nellie's brother.
That's clever, Debutante.
Well, you do actually.  You've got this kinda like Florida Panhandle thing going, whereas what you really want is more of a Savannah accent, which is more like molasses just sorta spillin' out of your mouth.
Uh, not familiar, what province is he from?
I reckon I got something to say to Miss Beatrix Bourbon, if'n she don't mind.
[in character] Hey there young lady.
I would be remiss if I did not ask the pretty young lady out on a date for this weekend.
Alright, a plan it is.
I'm a little worried I might have asked out Naughty Nellie and not Erin.  Which would be a whole lot less appealing, because Naughty Nellie says yes to everyone.  And she might be a murderer.
Just thinking about Weekend at Bernie's.  It's funny, the guy's dead the whole time.
Speaking of weekends, you excited about our date this weekend?
Yeah, OK.
[accent] Well, finest steakhouse in all Savannah.
Did you mean a real date?
Totally... not. [Erin gets up and walks away]
[Andy, Michael, and Dwight are pointing imaginary guns at each other] I didn't do it!
I am calm.
That's aerosol spray. It's terrible for the environment.
[doing an announcer voice] Ladies and gentlemen from Scranton, Pennsylvania, please welcome Michael 'The Machine' Scott. [Michael waves, twirls and sits down]
[still doing the voice & spinning in his chair] Hate the twirl!
I'm so jealous right now.
Hey, guys, do you think anyone might have had sex in here?
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
Michael, what if somebody asks you a question at this meeting? Are you just gonna wave, or what?
Make it a softball. Something he can, like, crank out of the park.
This is your big day. Come on.
Kay.
Yeah. Well, you should do that. Get in line.
Look, do you want to be able to tell your grandkids you stood up for yourself during the - America's biggest financial crisis?
You should get up and say something. You've got to be true to what's in there. [points to Oscar's heart] Don't be a wuss.
I've always been the guy who can rally other people to rebel. In high school I organized a walk out over standardized testing. Got over 500 students to just skip the SATs. At the last second I chickened out, took it anyway, got a 1220, always regretted it. I feel lachrymose .
You wanted to see me?
Is it serious? [Michael stares]  Wow.  Andy's a wittle scared.
Why would people say that?
Andy have a boo-boo tummy.
Would you rather me say 'Hey guys, my irritable bowel syndrome is flaring up?'
Crazy diarrhea happening right now?'  Cause things can get real adult real fast.
Do I sometimes replace Rs with Ws? Yes.  Do I sometimes repeat a word to get my point across?  Well if I do, Andy's sowwy.
Well if I we're complaining, a lot of people think your Elvis voice is annoying.
I don't-just people.  For the record, I think it's pretty fantastic.
[baby voice] Tank you Mr. Elwis.
Dr. Tuna, MD, I have some terrible news.
The entire office has come down with a pernicious case of the Mondays.
0%, unless we perform an immediate emergency morale transplant, stat!
Don't worry.  There is a surefire cure.  Employee of the Month.  Every awesome place I've worked has had one.
Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, AIG, my summer at Enron.
Great! [sits down]
Nope! [stands up and leaves]
Jim's talking to Michael right now.  They totally went for our idea!
Number nine, number nine.  Jim Halpert.
Correction.  It was my idea.
That would be employee number three, which would be... son of a bitch, Pam Halpert.
Oh, really? From what, two to four?
Why would you wrap it in a sheet, if you're not covering anything up?
I begged Dwight and Jim to give me Erin for Secret Santa. And I decided to give Erin the Twelve days of Christmas. Is it my fault that the first eight days is basically thirty birds? [six geese are inside Erin's car]
Does it hurt?
Hmm.
I know, right?
Huh!
Yeah! Totally! I admit it! It's me.
Seriously?' Are you serious?
Yeah! Totally serious! I'm your Secret Santa! Busted!
Hey Phyllis, could you not reveal to Erin that I'm her Secret Santa?
Okay.
Nnnnya.
I, I thought that you would like it.
Well it's the thought that counts.
I suppose a gentlemen might... throw in the towel, at this point. Guess what? Not gonna happen.
Merry Christmas Erin! Take it away boys! [dances along to the drumming]
Great news, Michael. We're now the official paper supplier of the NFL.
Ok. [playing guitar to the tune of Miley Cyrus' Party in the USA]
Saber. [sings] Dunder Mifflin and Saber. So yeah, yeah, yay, yay.
You sure it's saber?
I am telling you, there are no strawberries in here.
Well maybe they ran away, because the pizza was like, [imitating Italian accent] 'Hey, get out of here, you stupid strawberries.'
The ball's totally in Erin's court. After the whole drum line thing.
Hey, any fun weekend plans?
Uh, no, actually. So nothing? No movies, or parties, or anything you might want to invite someone to?
Okay.
That's as hard as I can hint.
[Jo's dogs are sniffing at his crotch] These sure are pretty dogs...
They sure do.
Oh, I do!
Got some Valentine's cards for my coworkers and my bro-workers.
Valentine's Day, right around the corner. Erin and I have been on zero dates. So I got her a Valentine's Day card, but I didn't wanna seem 'too eager,' so I got cards for everyone in the whole office to kind of dilute it a little bit.
[throwing a card at Meredith, which skims her throat]: Look alive.
[almost running into Erin] Whoa-oh, traffic jam!
[imitating car noises] Beep-beep! Beeooop-beep!
There's blood everywhere! Um, I got you a Valentine's card.
Yeah, well it's Snoopy and Woodstock.
Uh, Charles Schultz did. I thought it was relevant cause I got you all those birds for Christmas, remember?
Oh, look at that. They sure do. I hadn't noticed.
Yeah! It's Roger Federer for men, I sprayed some in there.
It's got pheromones in it.
[has two tissues in his nostrils] It's not cause of the smell. I'm just expecting a nosebleed.
I'm sorry, I thought you saw me.
Cool, thanks.
...That was weird.
I don't even know what that card said.
[Erin leaves room] Excuse me? Everyone? Please check your emails, I just sent you the following message: 'Coworkers, you may have received a Valentine from me. Please understand this does not mean that I like you in any way.'
Phyllis, you guys are like my closest friends. I just mean I don't like-like you.
Please don't read into this card. Yours in professionalism, Nard dog.'
It's n-- that wasn't... I like someone else.
It's not... Whether or not, you...
Yeah, no, you really should.  Because if your baby's born tomorrow, he's going to have the same birthday as Butt-mud Brooks.  My old roommate.
Guys.  Word of advice.  Speaking as a former baby.  Don't get too hung up on baby names.  I was named Walter Jr. after my father until I was about six or so, when my parents changed their minds.
My brother was born, and my parents felt he better exemplified the Walter Jr. name, so they gave it to him.  I was given Andrew, which they got out of a baby name book.
Can we do sleight of hand tricks?
Yes!  Can anyone do those?
I can do the evolution of dance-dance.
Nope, actually music would just throw me off.  I need complete silence.  Okay...  [Pam begins to clap as Andy dances]  You're clapping.  I need complete silence.  Totally threw me off, so I'm going to have to start over.  Evolution of dance-dance.
A little frazzled.
Hey, have you guys seen her?
What?  God damn it.  She was supposed to come out yesterday.
I decided to give baby Halpert a newspaper from the day she was born.  This frame set me back fifty five bones.  But she decided to take her sweet time, so now I have to switch it with today's paper.
This man has a gift!
Torn scrotum.  Still on the mend, so not good timing.
Yes, I'm going to ask out Erin.  I'm just waiting for the stars to align.  Literally.  I have a small skylight in my bedroom, and I'd like for the moon to be visible.
Why was I hiding behind the plant?  Ha, well, in college, I took a botony class, and there was lots of drama in that class.  Uh, kids would gossip about me, so I would eavesdrop on them by hiding behind different plants in the botony class.  And then, uh, they would say things like 'Oh, this guy's going to fail this class,' or, 'What's this guy doing spying on us from behind plants?'  And then I would jump out of them and confront them, and be like, 'Oh, you think all I do is hide behind plants and spy on people?  Busted.' ...  Oh, the reason?  The reason I was hiding behind that plant in this situation was that I thought that Erin and Kevin were kind of hitting it off, and...  I was jealous.
[he hits his head on the desk after ducking out of the way from hiding behind a plant]  Ow.
Erin, uh, I need you to send this fax immediately.  It's really important, so I'm going to stand here and wait for the confirmation.
The fax says 'Erin, will you have dinner with me?' from Andy, and the number is our office fax number.
Sorry, that's unacceptable.  I need you to send it immediately, or you're fired.
Oh, God, no.  I'm...  Just read the fax.
I'm...  I'm asking you out.
So, it's a date.
Yeah, what day?  What day?
Well, that, what's that one?
Okay.  Let's do it.
Welcome back Tuna!
Erin go braugh!
Thanks. It's actually my sister's old field hockey skirt.
Erin and I have our first date tonight, and it has to be perfect. Why? Because according to 'How I Met Your Mother' that's the date that your kids are going to wait patiently to hear about, and you better have a good story for them.
[Vocalizes and continues song] 'The cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon'
She should go home. It's not the end of the world. We'll go on our date next week. She's still gonna like me in a week. Right?
I was just working at my desk and I wanted to run some new leads by you. [Turns feint]
No, no, no, no, no.
I have some good ideas...
You sure?
Hi!
That's okay, I'm in my 'worky-works.' You look amazing!
It is? I'm sorry.
Okay, thanks.
Whoa!
I didn't know you had a brother.
Well, any brother of Erin's is a friend of mine. Nice to meet you. Andy Bernard. [They shake hands]
Are we rotating seats, or?
So, how does the whole foster sibling thing work? Do you guys share one parent or-?
All right. Formative years. [She laughs]
Yeah, it's a kilt.
Ooh. It's coming down out there.
No, I-
Ah. Oh great, now I'm gonna get sick. [They both laugh]
Well then no Andy Bernard per se. [Andy and others begin exiting the room]
[on phone] Very nice. Let me just, let me just write that down real quick. [motions to Darryl] Pencil? Can you give me that pencil? Hang on Teddy... [covers phone] I'm making a sale. Sales.
Give me that [wrestles with Darryl, Andy falls over chair and to the floor]
Me likey!
Hey. I guess you probably won't give me your leads since I'm a jerk salesman.
Where?
Are you...
Are you sure?
Yeah.
All those who agree, say aye [all present - Stanley, Andy and Phyllis -  raise their hands] All those opposed -
And I'll text Erin. She's really good at this stuff too.
Erin just texted me back. 'People love shells from far-away beaches'.
Yeah. We wanted to bring you in and make a peace offering.
[at dump] It's freezing out here.
Oh wow, thank you. You're the nicest person I've ever met. [Andy and Erin kiss]
A bunch of us are talking about happy hour.
Oh, baloney.
Ring her up.
Ha! Knew it!
Erin, I need you to fax this and get me a confirmation, pronto. [whispering] Are you going later?
Yes.
Whoa.
We recently struck up a romantic relationship. And, um...  but we're kinda keeping it quiet for now 'cause it's still kind of a new thing. It's a little delicate, and we just don't want all the drama.
Yeah, cause when everyone knows- [knock on window, open blinds to Kevin giggling and making sexual gestures] That's actually pretty funny, but in general, you know.
Hey, boss man.
A bunch of us are going to get some drinks, you in?
I'm sorry, I meant later.
For happy hour?
Trying to get a head count.
All right, yes! It's a deal.
Whoa! What is crackin?
Yeah, how do you play?
Wow, can you imagine what people would say if they saw us dancing together?
They'd be like, 'what's up with those two?'
Did we miss the wedding?' Um, I got it-I'll do this, and you play the racing game, and then we'll switch.
No drama. Ok.
Did you tell them?
This is exactly what I don't want, the drama. I don't want the drama!
We just have to throw everyone off the scent a little, so follow my lead.
[Andy sits at table with another woman] Hi.
I don't normally do this, but...
Just sit down next to a beautiful woman and start talking to myself to confuse other people.
[Andy spits out his drink] What are you doing?
We didn't say we were gonna, like, start groping strangers!
Get in here. [Andy and Erin go into photo booth] Where did you learn to talk like that?
Well, what movie? Black Snake Moan?
This is not what I want my relationship to look like. [holding photo strip of he and Erin fighting]
[over PA] Hi, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Andrew Bernard, and I've been on two dates with Erin Hannon and they went well, and there will probably be more. Thank you.
You know, it got to the point where keeping it a secret was just too much drama. And I hate drama, so there you go.
I know, I do, right? I'm a total drama queen.
This is awesome!
It's Secretary's Day. And it is Erin's and my three-week anniversary. So perfect storm for a romantic gesture. [Andy unfurling a giant 'Happy Secretary's Day' banner by reception, placing a teddy bear on Erin's chair]. Want to make sure the whole office remembers it's Secretary's Day. I sent an e-mail blast, a text blast, a good, old-fashioned talk blast. I sent a snail mail blast a week ago.  And a Stern reminder via fax at 7:00 this morning, so people better step up and appreciate the crap out of Erin.
I do.
If it wasn't for secretaries, I wouldn't have a stepmom.
[arrives at Michael's office and sits] I was just wondering what you had planned for Secretary's Day.
Yeah. She really looks up to you. And there's only so much we can do as her coworkers. Secretary's Day is really kind of a boss-secretary thing. [Michael glances over at Erin in reception, Erin waves her teddy bear's arm at Michael].
[slams his hand on Michael's desk] That's my girlfriend you're talking about.
[taping desk] She's gonna be so psyched.
So... how was lunch?
Was it everything that you hoped and dreamed it might be?
Well, I know. [stammers] Just want... I mean... [chuckles]
Hey. Can I have your attention please? First of all, thanks to everyone for helping put this awesome party together. And a very special shout-out to the chair of the Party Planning Committee, miss Angela Martin. You have outdone yourself.
I am saying the exact opposite. Angela is fantastic.
Specific shout-out..
Ok. As some of you may know, I have a very special connection with Secretary's Day in the form of that 115 pound moonbeam over there named Erin Hannon. To a lot of you she may just be the person who brings you your fax comformations. But to me, she is my girlfriend... in addition to being the person who brings me my fax comformations. So I wrote [starts to use a British accent] a little ditty. That I would like to play for all of you right now. It's a little tune called Secretary of Love. A one, a two, a one, two, three..
Can we talk about this in private?
Yes.
Why would that be something to talk about on Secretary's Day?
I was going to tell her, just on my own time.
Who cares? I mean it's not like I killed someone. Big deal right? This can blow over in two seconds. She never asked me. So, if you think about it... I probably should have told her I guess. Everybody does stupid things.
Will you stop walking for one second? That's it. There's no other secrets. Ok? I mean yeah, my chest is not naturally hairless, and my parents pay my credit card bill.
A year.
Yeah but that's it. Now you know everything about me. I promise. And if I think of anything else...
I didn't see that movie.
Sometimes telling someone something is hard. Well, at least someone made her happy on Secretary's Day.
Well, why don't you just move the M&M's?
Ehh.
You know, when I tore my scrote, I was, uh... I was seeing this really hot urologist about it, and thought she was into me. But now I think she was just doing a bunch of stuff to bill my HMO. You know, she's touching around down there. It's easy to get confused.
Walk around apple orchards.
Super romantic.
How many dates have you been on?
Mm.
Of course. Yeah, that's terrible. Okay, let me get back to you. Hey, Stanley. One of my clients just called and said that their Sabre printer started smoking and caught on fire.
Hey, Gabe I need to talk to you about something. It's really important.
Yeah, I don't know. Look, one of my clients called. He was in the middle of a big printing job and the back of the printer started smoking and then the paper tray caught on fire.
What are we gonna do about this?
Let me know what they say.
What do you mean?
I don't know.
What's up? I got your e-mail.
Okay.
Such as?
What? You don't know what it meant? How about 'Andy is a problem and we must eliminate him?'
[chuckles nervously] Yeah. Hah. Hoo.
Creed's head of quality assurance. So he'd definitely be wrapped up in this.
Your text said 911.
What's bad?
Oh, God.
I might have to go public here, but no one's gonna believe me. Uh... I need proof. I need, like, a printer to catch on fire.
Yeah.
There what is?
[in old Michael Scott Paper Company's 'office'] We're printing on 24-pound premium stock paper, approximately 300 sheets in. So far, no signs of distress. [Darryl is filming Andy's demonstration]
Right. My name is Andrew Baines Bernard, and if you're watching this, it's because I've turned State's witness because I'm in danger because I know too much.
Higher? Okay. [speaking slightly higher] Recently certain events have come to my attention...
Make it higher? Okay.
[high-pitched] I have come to the conclusion that the Sabre corporation...
[higher] May be overlooking certain safety regulations. At the danger... [printer starts smoking and explodes] ah! [speaking lower] It's working. [in normal voice] It's... I knew it!
We are blowin' the roof off! Blowin' the roof off! [Darryl discharges fire extinguisher onto printer] Nice. Nice. This is my partner, Darryl Philbin. He's been my partner through this entire thing.
No secret crying. Hasn't even opened the tissue box in there.
Well, it happened to Tom Hanks in Big.
How does he feel about it?
Did Donna tell you that?
So you're just making a giant assumption. You don't even know the guy.
My name is Andy Bernard and I am a cuckold. For those of you unfamiliar with William Shakespeare, a cuckold is a man whose woman is cheating on him. I've lived the part. And let me tell you, I'd so much rather play the part on stage.
So... here's the thing about infidelity.
How does that work?
In any cheating movie, the person getting cheated on is the hero. You're Ali Larter, I'm Beyonce.
Not this time.
This guy's a high school baseball coach, right? Let's go check him out, see what a horrible person he is.
Yeah. Those teams have games and practices every day. Let's go check it out.
Oh, really? I thought you were the boss.
[humming Call to Post] Bum bum BUM BUM BUM BUM BUM BUM BUM BUM bum bum
Baseball!
Where?
Stage right or stage left? I played batboy in damn yankees!
[announcer's voice] And Now, coaching third base with two arms, two legs, and no heart. Capable of feeling pain.
Whatever. I'm the one blending in.
Chase Dixon is up. Could be a big play.
I know it's like cricket.
And it's--there's-- well, home plate is like a wicket.
Seems pretty well liked by the team.
You do know that high school coaches don't pay their players.
Great game, coach.
You guys are awesome! Best game I've ever seen in my life.
Ha. The other guys can go die.
Baseball! Go talk to him.
Shane. Great game man!
No. Uh, just big fans. Both of us.
Ha. No. No. But we're gay for baseball. [chuckles]
But I have a wife, actually, who I really love a lot.
Yeah. I am so into the institution of marriage.
I mean, isn't marriage the best, you know? Two good people finding each other, getting all committed to each other. So you love baseball. What else do you love? Let's round you out as a person.
I get it, man. I love it. That's what makes you a good coach. You know, but as a fan, it just helps me enjoy the game better if I know the coach loves his wife.
Of course.
But real quick, I want you to meet my associate. Sheldon!
Come on, get over here.
Get- Get over here. Sheldon, say hi to the nice coach.
I just wanna go on record as saying that I do not condone this affair, and I went so far as to force Michael to confront the victim of his behavior.
Do you want someone to stop you? 'Cause no one's going to.
If you say anything, so help me God, I'll break off the temples of your glasses and stick them in your eye sockets.
So unfair. Even if I thought that our printers killed baby seals, I would not be a whistleblower. The Bernards, for generations, have silenced whistleblowers. It's how we made all our money. Woody Guthrie wrote a song about us. [sings] Old Mr. Bernard, old Mr. Bernard, who have you silenced today?
Uh...
I, I didn't know. I didn't do that!
Okay? I, I... didn't do it.
I swear on the graves of my parents who aren't even dead yet.
I don't care, that's how much I swear!
I don't know who's giving Darryl any crap. He was more bothered about it than me.
What? Based on what?
Yeah. You know, I mean, for all we know it could have been... Jim.
Gabe, I told you all about the printers.
You're going to believe that guy?
Hey Phyllis, have you seen my bag?
Look, I didn't want houses and schools to burn down, and children to die. Does that make me a hero? I...
Well, it doesn't make me the worst guy in the world, either.
Hey.
Uh, thanks. Yeah, you know, just seemed like the right thing to do.
Go, go, go, go!
[song ends] Toby, how did we do?
Whoo! We did it! [everyone starts cheering]
Brocolli Rob, obviously, will be there.
And JC. We call him Blorville, because he looks like a black Orville Redenbacher.
Hey!
Not at all.
Am I angry that Gabe stole my girlfriend over the summer? No. I've been through anger-management, OK? So right now, I am sitting on a nice beach at Cape Cod, gazing out across the whitecaps. Oh, look, it's a humpback whale. How pretty. He's eating Gabe.
New guy sucks. Calls me the Nard-Man. I'm the Nard-Dog, okay? Nard-man is my father.
That kid is the worst. Needs to be fired, Michael.
Clutch cream run, bro.
You get that kid to open this car, or I'm gonna do it myself... by calling Tripple A.
This kid's costing us sales, Michael.
Oh, my God, is it in my eyeball? I think he's burning my eye.
[Phyllis and Andy act out Luke getting spanked] No, no, no, no. It's the other hand. Right hand. Yeah.
[Dwight starts aggressively spanking Andy] Whoa! Whoa! Hey. Whoa. Dwight! Stop!
Well, tell us what it is. I mean, it would help us to get some context so we can get on board.
Dwight?
Did you call all of my clients at the mall and cancel all my business while using the 'F' word?
No, you and I... and I. I'm going to come with you.
Did you assume that I would automatically side with the rich snobby shop owner? [removes cuff link] How about now? [removes other cuff link] How about now? [removes tie clip] How about now?
Pretty Woman.
Julia Roberts goes into the store, and she's like,' I was in here yesterday and you wouldn't help me.' And the shop girl goes, 'ok'. And Julia Roberts goes,' You girls work on commission, right?' And the girl is like,'Yeah', and Julia Roberts goes...
I was telling that... I was telling that.
A gentleman who is a rich snob who will go into shopping malls and drop huge amounts of cash on clothes.
If someone offers you a cocktail, accept, but keep your wits about you.
[in a cockney accent] I think he's got it!
[fanfare]
After you.
No.
Steven Sondheim.
We're the cast of Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street. We open in a couple weeks at the Loose Screw Playhouse here in Scranton and today just doing a wee bit of viral marketing.
Like a month ago.
Two comps. For my lady and her Gabe. It's closing night. Tomorrow we have to give the theater over to the Scranton's Miss Fitness pageant.
What? That's awful. Everyone's gonna miss that guy.
Gabe is not coming, which is huge because my plan is to make Erin fall back in love with me tonight. Women cannot resist a man singing show tunes. It's so powerful, even a lot of men can't resist a man singing show tunes.
Everyone.
What kind of terrible rumor monger is Gabe? He is woefully misinformed, all right? Excuse me, clink, clink, clink, clink, everybody. You're all coming to my show tonight, right?
8pm sharp.
Hour forty-five.
Jim, Pam, you guys are in, right?
Dwight?
It would mean so much to me if you came to my show tonight.
If it makes you feel any better, no one who auditioned for the part of Sweeney Todd got that part. They had to bring in a ringer.
This guy's like world-class. You should not feel bad. I'm asking you thespian to thespian. Will you please be the bigger man and come to my show?
Noishe!
Hey, how are those salads?
My parents used to scramble to find babysitters so they could take my younger brother to do stuff. I understand how hard it can be. I just-tonight, if you could...
Yes!
Oh my gosh, that would be amazing.
Yeah, I know. Neiche!
Guys?
You all made it, thank you so much.
She's babysitting?
I understand. This is, like, huge opportunity for her.
Just checking my e-mails. See if I got any last-minute 'break a legs' or 'I still love you' type texts. Doesn't look like I got anything.  Maybe on my Facebook wall.
Mr. Todd! Mr. Todd! I found her!
That monster of a judge has locked her-[cell phone chiming]. Locked her away. [phone continues ringing]
Oh, it appears the bird was in mine own pocket this whole time. He's gone to sleep now, I've closed his beak. [Michael laughs]
[text message chime] You know what? Let me just double check, that bird... Okay, good. It's off. I mean, silenced. I silenced it by killing it. I've killed it! I'm a murderer! Just like you, Sweeney Todd. See, it all connects. Not that I know you're a murderer. My character doesn't know that yet. But I'm suspicious, because of all the razors that you have laying around. And you spend time alone. But you're a barber, so that's legit. So there's that. But...
A madhouse.
Yes, a madhouse.
Do you think... [bottle rolling] so you think... [bottle rolling, clanking]
[excited] That's really irresponsible of Erin. She's a terrible babysitter.
Are you ready?
[pretends to slit her throat] Ah! Blood everywhere.
Yeah, me, too.
Okay.
These would have been your seats. Best seats in the house. Lots of people think it would be the front row, but actually, right here, this is where the speakers converge, and the sound just, like, nails you right here.
Awesome.
See you later.
Yeah, I guess you could say that.
It was like amateur hour.
Stop just saying that.
Thank you. That feels good.
Thanks, but I feel like a loner right now.
Okay, all right, all right, all right.
[sings Macy Gray's 'I Try' and everyone joins in]
Uhh, beg your pardon?
Very very smart.
Oh it's stinging him! Ow! Ow! [yelling all around the office]
Michael, have you ever been tested for STDs?
You know what guys, why don't we just chill out on this herp-chat. Ok? I was an REA in college and I can tell you, number one sexually transmitted disease is ignorance.
Excuse me everyone, can I have your attention please?
What do you mean again?
Maybe like a year ago...
No, that's...
Everyone, I've noticed that we have not been entirely kind to one of our own, due to stigmas and prejudices.
It's the world's only international sport! [sits down]
[singing] Ba na na na na. Hot pizza, check it and see. Ba na na na. Got a whole bunch of pepperoni. Ba na na na na. [stops singing] Yeah, now you're looking at me. Anyone who's interested in entering into an honest discussion about the sexual mores and taboos of modern society will be rewarded with a pizza break.
So, guys. I've been really bothered by the way certain people are getting treated around here, and I just think as an office we're better than that. Ok, now I'm going to show you a picture of genitalia. [grossed our remarks from around the office as Andy holds p a picture of a nude man]
What, is it because he's black?
Perfectly normal genitalia Tuna. Now I'm going to show you another picture of perfectly normal genitalia. [Kevin is grossed out immediately. The office is grossed out]
It's normal! Big deal! Yeah sure it has some herpes on it, but you know what? It's just as normal as anyone else's.
Herpes, like all STDS, is a consequence of sex. Can anyone else name any other consequences?
[writing on board] Ok I guess I can make a pros column. Feels...
Express love, magical.
Umm, ok is that different from feels unbelievable?
Then I will write it down.
I actually had that down in the cons column, but...
Ok, umm. I'll move that. Thrill of risk.
Yes! Thank you! Such as?
Yes, unplanned pregnancy.
Ok, unplanned pregnancy, going in the pros column.
Who can tell me what the safest form of sex is?
Incorrect, the only true form of safe sex, ok? Abstinence.
I just thought I'd bring it up in case someone in here was practicing abstinence. That's all.  Anybody?
Well someone could answer if they want to. [looks at Erin hopefully] Ok, in that case I will now show you how to put this condom on... using this pencil. [Stanley laughs]
What?
Well I'm not gonna use my penis, Oscar! It's not exactly hard right now anyway.
I'm doing this for you Meredith!
Well did you h- di- GAH! Does no one appreciate what I'm doing right now?! [throws pizza box at painting and leaves]
I don't know, I mean people were being really mean to Meredith.
How is that relevant to anything?
The only reason I said that is because you asked me so politely! It was very difficult for me to say no.
No I'm just sweating.
I'm not crying I'm just sweating.
Ok.
[reading Cornell magazine] Whoa. Libby Dirketts got married. Big Red mazel tov to the Libster. Ooh, says here Dan Becker fell off the side of Kilimanjaro in a climbing accident. It appears Dan's Sherpa survived to tell the tale-Oh, my God!
No, he died. It's Broccoli Rob. You know this guy; I showed you his picture on Facebook.
Some Vermont-based alums can hear 'Broccoli' Rob Blatt, '96, in the state milk lobby's new milk awareness song, 'Calci-YUM!', featuring Phish's Trey Anastasio. Says Broccoli, 'Trey and I had a ton of fun in the studio, and I think you can hear it in the song.''
Yeah, yeah, it's great...
I was the artsy, musical one. In Here Comes Treble I had four solos, Broccoli rob had three. Right? Uhh.
[knocking] Knockity-knock, don't knock back. Just kidding you can knock; it's your office. Do you have a minute?
Not to go all Sherlock Holmes on you, but I can tell by the reflection in your glasses that you're entering points into Weight Watchers dot com.
I'm starting a band and I need you on keyboards.
This is for pleasure.
I'm willing to pay you.
Yeah.
Sixty bucks a session.
Yes!
[in falsetto] Please Mr. President-
Yeah.
Yeah, but I'm using my falsetto.
Yeah, well, it'd sound a lot better if you actually sang with some soul.
That's a lie.
I just was hoping to maybe save your voice in case we did a novelty song about frogs.
Okay, three-way argument between a drummer, a keyboardist, and the front man lead singer. Wonder who's gonna win this one. Two, three, four-
[everyone finishes listening to song] Okay. Honest feedback time. Oscar?
But do you think it could be famous? Like in a car commercial or something?
I feel like I can see someone ice skating to it. You know, like in the Olympics.
Rude. And not helpful.
Well, that...really bums me out.
Thanks, Kevin.
Reverse snobbery.
Sometimes I feel like life has passed me by.
Holy crap. Are you kidding me? You just made that-that's amazing!
[singing] Which me am I gonna be today?
I gotta closet full of mes. Am I gonna be the happy me?
Oh, my gosh! We're almost out of time. How much for another half hour?
Wait. Seriously?
So we're just, like, jamming as friends?
Closet full of mes-
[falsetto] I'll be your croak madame.
Croak, croak, croak. Bullfrog in love.
Ribbit!
What about this one? It's kinda badass, right? Just seems kinda crazy in a way I might need right now.
[shirtless, wearing only a tie] Handbag.
Shh! Shhh! [watches Jim put a cardboard box over Stanley's monitor]
Tuna! Tuna! Do you want us to skip this party?
You know what else? [pulling fake teeth out of his mouth] The-this... this sucks for Jim. Right? But it also sucks for us. Because we don't get invited to a ton of Halloween parties. [puts teeth back in]
[removes teeth] Creed's going?!
Screw corporate! They probably stole the idea anyway.
Hey, Danny.
I'm really sorry, but we can't come to your party tonight.
You were?
We're just like, totally caught in the middle here.
Well Jim and Pam basically begged us not to go...
Sookehhh. [removes teeth] Bill Compton, from True Blood.
What's up, man?
When I was a freshman in college, I worked at the student newspaper, the Cornell Daily Sun? This was at Cornell. I had to write an op-ed column every day.  Bernard's Regards.
I started to ask myself, 'Do I have big plans here?' I didn't want to become editor of that paper, so I got up and walked right out of Walter Bernard hall, and that's actually when I heard eight male voices, singing, unencumbered by instruments. I was hooked. So is becoming CEO of this company your a capella group?  Come on, we're going to Danny's bar. Public School.
And a top of the day to you too, sir.
[looking at Cece, under his breath] Ah, man. [looks at Erin talking to Gabe]
Does the Nard-dog want Nard-pups? Yeah. I want a big ol' litter of Nard-pups. All jumping around, sucking on the teet. Put 'em in a box, give 'em to my neighbors. Yeah, I want kids.
What if the moon was your car and Jupiter was your hair brush?
Michael, you can't go to Mexico. You don't have your passport.
[looking at Erin] Save me an aisle seat, Michael! I'm coming!
I will not stand idly by while these Mexican villagers are sick.
Whatever. I won't-I won't stand for it.
We're one in a million.
Just a heads up. Probably gonna be borrowing a few things. Uh, gonna need a contact lens case, some sunscreen, some sandals...
Good-bye, Lackawana County.
Well, two days minus how long we've been on the road. 45 minutes? So, like, two days basically. Maybe more.
I don't know, I thought it was like a gymnasium or...
They don't know how.
Well, Carla knows.
Do you smell like a weird, warm cheese?
And the Christmas party.
Nah, no. We'll be back before that.
I can make myself cry.
Should I-I got it. I got it. [walks up to the bus driver] Um, hey, I saw a sign for a scenic overlook coming up. Really love to check out the view.
Well, uh, there's a nice bistro coming up. We could pick up some Paninis for the road.
Just make him stop the freaking bus!
It doesn't matter.
If we went to Mexico, we'd probably screw everything up anyway.
Stop the bus!
I bet he's wishing he had a hybrid, right? Sixty miles to the gallon in the city.
[to Erin] You're having a party at Gabe's apartment?
You would?
Try and keep me from coming!
Try and hide it, I will track this party down!
No what?
Yeah.
Oh thanks.
Why does Erin like Gabe?
That's really nice, thank you.
[pours powdered seahorse into his wine glass]
[enters room where Phyllis is pouring wine, using stadium announcer voice] Ladies and gentlemen please welcome, Phyllis Vance! [sniffs her] Isn't that White Diamonds Maya Smith Taylor?
My nanny used to wear that.
I just ate powdered seahorse! I have to admit I did not think it was gonna work, but it is totally working! [clip of him doing pull ups in Gabe's doorway] I feel exactly like a seahorse! [Seahorse impression] Blub blub blub blub blub blub blub blub.
[muttering going on all around, Andy looks sick] Hey Creed, would you read Chinese?
What does this say?
[confused, rushes out of the room to the room Erin's in, picks up phone, talking fast] Hello UPS! Still waiting on that five minutes with Erin order. Oh never mind it's here. Oh if it isn't the bell of the ball! [queasily] You throw a lovely party ma lady...
Did you wear my favorite outfit on purpose?
You're four seasons in a day. [heaves] You... got the Autumn thing going on. But if you put on ba- [heaves again] Put if you put on a blue... [stops, is struggling] It's Spring Time in the Rockies!
No! [runs off]
[throws up on bed] Puts pillow in front of the puke.
Erin likes Gabe.
Do you think that they've ever...
Well girls tell each other things right?
I accidentally ate some seahorses.
I didn't know it's powdered, so like four or five, I don't know.
That's so beautiful.
I got it, try, um--[Coughs]
I'm sorry, nine days until what?
Anyone can just throw numbes up on a chart. What are you doing to make it happen?
You have his email?
That sounds weird.
Yeah, sell.
Your doing the wrong thing. You're gonna lose Michael's investment. You're gonna lose ours.
If you tell Michael to sell, he'll sell.
All those in favor of selling, say aye. [all say 'aye']
You're gonna lose all of our money.
What's the occasion?
I would like a muffa du blueberry por favor.
Eight dollars?
Yeah, its where they make stuff.
Hey Darryl.
But I wanted you to know that Michael and I are wearing the same tie today. It's insane.
Got it. Then I will call you.
Well are you?
[without looking at the pictures] Oh my gosh she is so cute. She looks like both of you.
Oh, cool.
Megan Fox! Come on!
Yes, but one good text away from a high five.
Oh, its on.
It is not just coffee.
And then he will smugly pay the cheque and make you feel so small.
Damn it. Michael, you are moments away from the smack down of your life. If you don't know something, steer the conversation back to something you do know.
Michael, I have to tell you something it's from Rocky II.
This guy doesn't just wanna win. Y'know, he want's to bury you. He wants to humiliate you!
I'm like a quarter of the way through.
No.
Yeah. [clapping]
Shhh. You're gonna scare 'em away. [two pigeons are eating out of a soft serve cone]
Yeah. Right.
Let's just jump in the air!
Well, if we all jump really high, we'll be in the air longer. Do that.
Yea?
All good, Santa.
Hello Kitty's for girls.
That sounds awesome. Can we all do it?
Is it criminal?
Have we heard of it?
Oh, Scranton Strangler! [all react]
I bought these.
These cookies are fine.
I will help. Although my 'brid', my hybrid, my Prius hybrid, won't fit a tree. Which is ironic, considering how many trees it saves on a daily basis.
I do, however, have a hookup with a dude who has a pickup.
You know Darryl?
I should come along, just 'cause he's my, you know, he's my hookup.
It's cool, Darryl, I'm here too.
Come on, it'll be fun. We could do doughnuts in the snow on the way back.
[singing] Christmas tree, Christmas tree. Won't you be my Christmas tree.
Ehh, seems a little full of itself, right? Kind of a pretty boy? What if we got a really beat up one, like on Charlie Brown. And we just loved it for what it is?
I don't have kids or anything, but if my grandmother ever dies, I'm going to kill myself.
Yes.
Nobody hug me, I'm covered in tree sap, so...
Why would anyone frame you for that?
I am the mean old grinch. The little girl who wishes to win back the Christmas star must first succeed at these challenges.
Wahhh...
No. You must answer topical political questions. How many congressmen is the state of Pennsylvania guaranteed? And what other state has the equal number?
Do you know the other state?
The star has been hidden. Is the little girl hot or cold? Well, it turns out she's burning up because the star is right behind her ear! [pulls star from coat and pretends to find it behind Jada's ear]
Drink less caffeine. That's a good one, Pam. Here's mine.
Yeah. I love cooking, but I always find myself throwing out half the food that I prepare, so...  two years is time to just start preparing the right amount of food for the right number of people, which is one.
No, some people don't just meet someone. I'm fine with it. Really. This is not a pity party. It's not a party at all. It's just sad.
That's a good one.
You know what, that's my new one. I'm taking that one, too.
The bookstore?
All right! We should divide up by section. I will take romance and travel.
Hi.
Let us know if you need anything.
Why did we pretend like we work here?
Good!
We kinda nailed it.
Hey, there's a roller rink across the street! There's always chicks at the rink.
I don't know. Single moms at a skating party. Sweet sixteen, ten year reunion parties.
Roller derby practice!
Um... Dave Matthews Band. No hits! Deep tracks only.
I said no hits!
Hey! Where did you go?
Oh, cool.
Yeah, I did actually. His name is Andy, and he roller skates like a Greek god and you know what? I kinda like hanging out with him.
And where did you go?
That's actually 'Master of Ceremonies' Bernard.
Last year, I went to a seminar called 'The Ten Secrets of Real Estate'. Turns out it was just a ploy to sell me time-shares in Idaho. Cut to, you know, spending a weekend in Boise, terrible time, super lonely. But I get to thinking maybe I should put on my own seminar to lure clients.
Thank you so much Tuna Turner. You are simply the best.
Go higher. I get super flexible when I'm nervous.
No. What? You can't do that. You are a critical part of this seminar. You're the charming warm-up guy,
If the seminar was a meal, you'd be the amuse-bouche. You like, signal the flavors of the whole night.
You can't. You can't.
I can't have this go badly. I'm a terrible salesman, and I haven't been making very many sales lately, or ever. This is my only idea on how to turn things around. If it goes badly, I might lose my job, which would suck because this is the only job I've ever been good at.
They're not worms, Dwight, okay? They're just people with tiny businesses. They're baby whales which is even cuter.
Stanley, you're suppose to close.
What? I already lost Jim. Salesmen are suppose to help each other out. We're suppose to be a team.
Kevin, Jim dropped out of my seminar, and I'm just... I was wondering if you could replace him as my charming warm up guy.
Hey, that's crazy talk. I think you're great.
Hi, Ryan, you went to business school, right?
I need somebody to talk to this seminar about business.
Can you do it?
So no?
What do I put you down for, bro hombre?
All right!
Okay, than you so much. It's going to be so awesome.
What?
Kevin, you open it up.
Ryan, you come in with your small biz expertise, right? And then Creed: guest speaker extraordinaire. And then I come in and just close all the sales and stuff. Um, okay, here we go. One, two three!
Welcome everybody. Awesome to see you guys. My name is Andy Bernard but you can call me The Nard Dog.
Let's get things started, shall we? You guys ready to hear from the Dunder Mifflin business experts? Good. Well, as you can see on your program... first up is a speech called, 'Don't Just Dream it, do it.' Yes! Please give a big hand to Mr. Kevin Malone. [plays Ozzy Osboure's Crazy Train]
Are you okay?
Here...
I'm really excited to introduce you guys to Ryan Howard. He has achieved a great deal in the last...
What are you...
That brilliant little bitch.
Ladies and gentlemen, our special guest speaker will provoke you. He will inspire you. He is... Creed Bratton. [applause]
[clapping] Okay. All right, ladies and gentlemen, it is now time for the rarest of things, an actual free lunch. There are sandwiches in the back. Certainly help yourselves. We'll meet back up in an hour.
Thank you.
Really?
Excuse me.
[turning towards Darryl] Hey, do you need a lozenge?
What?
[to Dwight, Stanley, and Phyllis]: Let me tell you what you can do with your offer to help. You can table it and offer it up another time. Just know that I really appreciate the gesture.
Hi. Hope you enjoyed your lunch. Welcome back. [to Michael and Holly] Ooh. Well, hello. Welcome to the seminar. Hey, man. What's goin' on?
Maybe. Only maybe.
Wow! What a day, right? Guess you guys are probably ready to go. And you got my business card, so...
Yeah, I mean, I'm getting to it.
Yeah, yeah.
This is hard for me. I'm a nice guy.
Okay, who would like to purchase this small business package from me right now? Yes, we got one. Okay, the snowball is rolling. Who else? You can put it off for a couple of days, but I guarantee you, eventually you're gonna realize you need this. So the only thing that's gonna be different is you'll be a couple of days behind where you would be if you bought this from me right now. So who's gonna buy one right now?
Yes! Awesome! All right, anyone else? [younger guy raises hand] Sold! Anybody else? [older guy raises hand] Yes! All right!
Good choice. The rest of you are dead to me. You made the stupidest decision of your life.
But it was a pleasure meeting you, and you've got my information, so feel free to call anytime.
Well, I guess when you looked in me, you forgot about my balls. They're on the outside. Don't how you missed 'em.
Hey, I heard you talking about movies before, and, anyway, I just watched this over the weekend. I thought you'd really like it.
Oh, yeah. See you tomorrow.
Divorced?
Sorry, when did you get married?
And you didn't invite any of us?
Yeah, which one?
Boo-yea! [office laughs]
You?
Oh it is on like Genghis Khan wearing Sean Jean in Buton.
Woo-hoo.
Yeah, yeah. Put me on that.
Phyllis!
Oooohhh.
Do the next one.
Oh! [laughter]
[laughs]
Birthday punches! [softly punching Darryl in the stomach] One two three four five sice seven eight!
...thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty twenty-one twenty-two twenty-three twenty-four twenty-five twenty-six!...
...So I got an early res at Blue Wasabi and I'm taking Rachel. She's picking me up after work.
Oh, yeah!
What's up?
Are you kidding me? It's all I did every summer when my brothers were out sailing.
But if there is a romantic thing with Gabe, I should probably...
Well, okay then.
At least until Stanley calms down.
D...d...d...d...don't look. I accidentally did his Sudoku. [Stanley glares at Andy]
She's neat. Uh, I met her at Darryl's cousin's party. We were the only two white people there.
Hey, look at that. Done.
I wish you well on your quest.
Aww, I mean...
Okay.
Whoa.
[softy] We should actually probably talk about it outside or we might make Darryl mad.
I think he can hear us.
[softly] That makes sense, 'cause I feel like I'd be able to hear us at this level.
Darryl is a jerk.
No, I'm just testing if he can hear.
Oh. Okay.
The temp at night?
Pi...
Okay.
Right. Okay.
Okay, Ryan's the temp. What does he do at night?
Oh, or maybe not. [turns out the lights]
How romantic is this?
Right. Do you see a clue or...
Oh, my gosh.
No time to chat.
Hey.
B-9.
Maybe it's just more like, 'be mine.'
Mm.
Hmm. [points to Gabe blowing a kiss to Erin]
Some people are really popping on screen!
[the office cheers] Whoa Whoa Whoa! Isn't the president evil?
[looking at his computer, gasps] Hey! Hey you guys! The Armeth Regado video is up, gather around! [no one moves] Check it out! This guy's on a full beam reach. [watching a sailing video on his computer] They're hiking out like mad! Lock 'em up! Lock 'em up! Nice job! Ughh. [computer is frozen, taps the top of it] This computer's a hunk of jjunk.
Where did you get this?!
This is a sick computer! Gwen Stefani has this computer! [to Pam, in a fake British accent] Uhhh, Pamela! What does a guy have to do to get, ahem, one of them?
Yeah, but if you donated my computer to Africa, it would become world famous as the slowest computer in Africa. So...
Well Andy's desk needs a computer. And, I mean, it's just kinda a coincidence that I work there, but...
I'm not asking for one, I need it.
Phyllis, no body is handing anything out.
What are you gonna play mange on faster?
It's crazy, right? Erin just wanted me to have it, so we switched.
Pam, when I'm freaking out, I just sorta step back and-
-take a few breaths, and then I ask myself: Is this worth freaking out about?
That's interesting. So you also think my computer is crappy.
Seriously?
Pam! Come on!
Fine! [the office goes back to their work] Please make sure no one is humping me!
Pam. Can I talk to you in private?
Well they put a sign-up sheet on the conference room and I signed us up for three mods. A mod is five minutes. And it started two minutes ago.
Can we talk about this in the meeting? Because we're a little late.
Mind if I close the door? [after shutting door in the conference room] What you did out there, earlier, was totally un-cool.
You humiliated me in front of every body!
I mean, it's pretty broken already.
[looks at her knowingly] Pretty sneaky sis. [knocking on conference room door]
[Andy is seen clicking random things and warning boxes pop up. He pours coffee on his keyboard, puts bologna with mustard in his CD drive, and many other computer harming things] Allow all cookies? Why certainly! Pop-ups? Yes please! Bit torrent streaming from a Somalian music website? Yeah! Why not? [mock baby voice] Oh I hope you don't get sick Mr. Computer. [computer voice] Why are you doing this to me Andy? [normal voice again] Because I hate your programs!
No no no no no! We can say that the previous owner was a neat-freak. Or an elegant old lady and she just kept it around in case her grand-kids came to visit, but they died and they never came, I think I'm gonna make myself cry.
[watching Pam scrap his computer] That's probably good. That's enough.
Let's not go crazy.
[plugging in new computer, acting to make people think he got a bad computer] Pam, how is this thing even any better than my old computer?
Where'd you even find this thing, like, in the corner in the warehouse?
All right, well thank you for my garbage computer. [Andy turns it on and looks amazed, clearly happy with it]
Close it.
Close it.
Close it. [starts wrestling Dwight]
Just close it.
Oh my gosh, you have the Dallas board game?
Really?
Well... there's no instructions.
I'm pretty good at board games.
Sure.
[playing the Dallas board game] Hmm, I'm gonna play me a little ol' black mail card .
And call a proxy meeting to take control of you and oil once and for all.
Why not. Seems to me we're just making up rules cause somebody forgot to staple the rules to the inside of the game like a normal human being.
Oooh.
Well played.
We must honorably adhere to the rules we are making up on the spot.
Well that's Dallas.
You cant go, you're dead, I shot you 5 moves ago.
That exact situation is why I always carry around some of these. [holds up 'Hello, my name is..,'] nametags. Just in case. Because sometimes you just need to I.D. yourself.
I wasn't even trying to make a joke. But I guess I've always been sorta quirky, offbeat, a little twisted.
Here we go... ok... what do African Americans call... [laughter]
I... don't know. Help me.
I don't mean to go into a rant here, but...
I wrote the perfect joke. Topical, edgy, funny.
...I saw this thing on the news. Democrats want electric cars. Republicans don't. I'm thinking, 'how crazy is it that we have a car debate going on in a city known for gridlock.
[leans on table] I wasn't taking a position. It's just one of those things where- [table collapses under Andy]
Yeah, right, I mean- [walks into door, jokingly]
[mimes using a rope to pull himself forward to microwave] Let's see if they have my favorite teas in here... [throws tea packets into air, puts hand in unplugged toaster, pretends to be shocked, takes container of cheese-puffs and throws them into air, pours hot coffee on his pants]
[drinks hand soap]
I guess this is my life now.
Why don't you think of hosting the Dundies like you're just running a meeting.
A lot of people I'd like to thank, but I think we all actually wanna thank you Michael.
I mean, we actually all really wanna thank you, for everything.
[singing] Nine million, nine hundred eighty six thousand minutes! We actually sat down, and did the math.
Hey!
Why don't you, uh, stay away from me?
Okay! That's so weird! Just go away!
[weak] Hi Tuna.
Wow.
You know I'm the worst salesman here right?
I'm gonna lose 'em.
I promise you that I will.
No.
I just lost Porter Hardware! I just, I lost 'em!
[walking into the kitchen, DeAngelo is using the coffee machine to cook chicken covered in melted chocolate] Hey.
I'm going to be dropping out on one of our biggest clients this afternoon and I could use some back up.
I thought we'd just talk about our customer service and exceptional paper quality.
[joking] What do I know?
[confused] Yeah.
Yeah!
[going for it] Alright.
No. I don't.
Awwhh, wow.
Oh, okay...
Mmhmmm.
Uh DeAngelo, I'm, uh. I forgot my bag, so I'll meet you in the car.
[walks into the client's office again] Sir, I'd just like to apologize, for that. I could tell you that he has a steel plate in his head, or that he's crazy, but the truth is I think he's just a terrible salesman. And I want you to know, that if you re-up with us, anything you need, day or night, I will be the one to take your call.
[laughing] Hey! [they hug] Good job boss!
Hey!
Oh, there's an inner circle.  Oh yeah.
I gotcha covered, boss.  Used to play with the parabolas myself. [opens desk drawer and takes out balls]  Got some extra balls!  [throws them toward Deangelo, who dodges them]  Hey-hey-hey-ho!
Whoa, whoa, whoa.  I think if he was sexist, I'd be able to tell.  I took a crapload of women's studies courses at Cornell.  And I wrote my own companion piece to the 'Vagina Monologues' called the 'Penis Apologies.'  So I know a thing or two.
How could I not see it?  You're so right.
And if he doesn't listen, then he can kiss his penis goodbye.  Snip snip.  Am I right, girls?
Yes!  I'm in.
I'm going in, into the belly of the beast.  Gonna infiltrate and change from within.  [joins the group in Deangelo's office]  What's up, mancave! [makes barking noises]
Okay, I do not want to waste your time, so I will keep this br-r-r-r-r-r-ief.  Now, word on the street is, Mercy Hospital, back on the market.  Deangelo would like you to put together a sales pitch for next week.  Deangelo has also recently learned about the Barnacle Project.  Which is a non-profit organization based in Mystic, Connecticut that assists in the scraping of barnacles --
In fairness, Darryl did tell me that joke, so...
I know, right?
Yeah?
Sure. What's going on? [in room with Gabe]
What?
No, this is horrifying.
We're just friends, okay?
Yeah, fine, I promise. We'll never date again. Can we go outside now?
Pam, I have to show you this video. You're gonna love it. It's Beyonce falling with a fart mixed in. [buzzer to indicate a blocked web site]
Dwight, guns make me really uncomfortable.
Aah! Aah! It's so loud!
[trying to find a pitch] Eeeeeeee... There's like this crazy ringing going on. I can't - eeeeeee... I can't find perfect C.
[scatting off-key] Something's definitely wrong.
I think I should go the hospital.
Thank you, Darryl. [Andy limps out of his chair and leans on Darryl for support]
It's my ear.
Okay, sorry.
Hey. [Erin gasps] We're back.
Well, I burst my eardrum. Doctor said it could take weeks to heal.
Yeah.
Temporary deafness in one ear. It was both ears. I couldn't hear a thing Darryl was saying while we were in the waiting room.
We have to clean this up now!
No! [Erin and Andy laugh]
Uh...
Did I say that earlier? Yes, I did. Because you, Gabe, were crying...
And sobbing uncontrollably. Yes. Uh-huh. You were in hysterics. And my maternal instincts kicked in. Is it actually how I feel? Yes. Or no. That is... between me and my diary.
[puts up a poster in the break room with 'IF YOU ARE ON THE SEARCH COMMITTEE PLEASE CONSIDER ANDY' on it in bold lettering]
The manager job? Nah, I'm barely interested. I just can't not go for it. You know, it's not the Bernard way. We give it the old college try, and then, in defeat, we show grace.
Don't even... [getting really happy and excited] EEEHHHH!!!!
EEEHHH!! No. Hehe.
In my family, you don't really go out and get things. If you want something, you write it on a list, and then the housekeeper goes out and gets it, on Wednesdays and Fridays. So, I don't know, I guess you could say this job is on my list, and... [awkwardly smiling] we'll see what Rosa comes back with.
[Jim points at Darryl to be the next interviewee] Good luck, Darryl.
Okay, guys, it's time. It's pep talk time. Tell me what I need to hear.
[grunts] Augh.
For starters, I really think we can streamline communication around here... [gets cut off by Gabe]
I wasn't acc-, accusing...
Right! I really wasn't trying to insult any, anyone.
What?
Okay. Let me think... are you counting car windows?
[happily] Uh, 93 million miles.
Yeah! And the diameter of the Sun is 870,000 miles, which makes it 109 times wider than the Earth, and... [Gabe looks visibily annoyed] 333,000 times heavier than the Earth,...
[alone in his car] I am unhappy with the confusing and, at times, confrontational nature of that meeting. I wanted it to go better. I WANTED IT TO GO BETTER!!
Hey, Erin.
Where'd you learn how to puppet like that?
Listen, I'm really flattered, but I don't think we should.
Erin's my best friend in this office, hands down, but... when she asked me out, I just didn't have that feeling, you know? [clip jumps ahead] Aren't there some things that you really want to like, but you just can't... seem to like it, like, Mad Men... or football... [clips jumps ahead] Let's not forget, Erin chose Gabe over me. That happened. I'm not going to apologize for getting over her, okay? I'm sorry. [clip jumps ahead] I would go for someone who's more... she's great, though.
Tuna... You're completely sane.
Who do you like for the job? Is there anyone who maybe was a little underwhelming at first, but now seems like a safe, if not slightly unexciting, choice?
Whoever it is, I think they should be lame. [Stanley shakes his head and rolls his eyes] Kind a a non-threatening, moderate personality.
She may have a point there... would a small penis work? Small-to-moderate.
[stands up] Uh, listen up. Listen up, ladies. I want the job. There, I said it. I'm educated. I'm capable. I like all of you... and I won't make any changes.
Sometimes you hear about people failing upwards. I think I'm about to do that.
[exiting elevator] After you my good sir.
I insist.
[drumroll with hands] I its unbelievable. True, I may have been the second choice, but I was the first-choices first choice. And, about Dwight, I sensed that he might have some resentment about not getting the job so I sat him down and we had a talk. And I told him, I need a really strong number two. I want you to be my enforcer. Smart, right?
Uh, this has got to stop.
Thank you, yes. Dwight, my enforcer, my number two, can you take care of this?
Hey, Robert. We have that 9:30am casual chit-chat scheduled. I emailed you about it last night to confirm. And again this morning.
First item on the agenda: can I get everyone an extra long Columbus Day weekend. Item number two, connect with the guy. Robert California, what does he think of me? Dont know, super care. Number three, time permitting, we lost our biggest client.
The Friday before Columbus Day. Thoughts?
Just making chit-chat. Kind of a medium year for womens soccer, no?
Really great list of names guys. Thank you so much. Good work.
Oh, okay. I dont want any part of this.
I gotta say. Kinda seems like the left sides the side to be on. Me, Jim, Dwight, Darryl. No offense Pam.
We couldnt crack it.
Hell know that we looked at his private notebook.
Im already working on this Columbus Day thing for you guys and its starting to stack up. Feels like a lot. One thing at a time.
Whats up? Weird thing. Totally awkward, but you left your notebook on the reception desk.
And it was open. And people saw this. And theyre just kinda going nuts and like wondering what it is.
Its a photocopy from your notebook.
No. They did. And they asked me to ask about it.
What?
That is fascinating. And, by the way, I am so glad I asked. People were just sort of- Did you just move my name?
Okay. Roberts in the annex, everybody think quick. What do these groups have in common?
Stanley, you do puzzles all day. Whatdo we got?
Thank you. A little much needed comic relief, but we really need to figure this out guys.
Dwight!
Well, we should all be really excited about our very own pizza party. Pizza partay! Pizza! Partay! Pizza! Partay!
Great group! Pizza party!
Well, why dont you ask me again when the five pizzas get here.
Okay. You guys ever had Margarita pizza?
Fresh tomato with a dollop of mozzarella cheese.
Ah hah! Their interpretation of Margarita pizza. Fans of classic pizza will be psyched.
Cmon Pam. Chins up, okay? Bad joke. Look around this room. Does this look like a group of losers? Seriously?
Yeah?
When I was a salesman I could just be like Not my job, not my prob. Im going to the warehouse to polish my knob. Metaphorically, of course. But now, it is my job and my prob.
Hi, Robert? Can you come out here please its really important. Just wanted to clarify something. Some people here are under the misconception that some people may be considered, uh, lets say top-tier and others would be second-tier.
Thank you. Great.
Robert. I said winners and losers. Is that what youre talking about?
Oh, that, it might- That might actually be what Im thinking of. Can you clarify that?
No. No, no.
Im going in there.
I know that every time I talk to you things just seem to get worse. But, you dont know these people and I do. And if I let you work with faulty information, well, then Im not doing my job as regional manager. So, please take this pen and change your list.
Well, then I will make a new list for you. Stanley... you may think hes a lazy grump, but did you know that he has the most consistently high sales numbers of anyone in this office? And you may think hes hard to love, but did you know that hes in, not one, but two long-term romantic relationships?
Meredith Palmer... Supplier relations. The word no not even in her vocabulary. And just to show you that Im being fair. You had Gabe in the loser column. I think that is astute. Good call. Pam, easily the most creative and kind person I have ever worked with.
Erin Hannon, the receptionist and my closest confidant. A winner if there ever was one.
Yes. No! The Friday before Columbus Day, were gonna take a half-day, so that everyone can get a jump on the long weekend.
Yes, I do.
I dont care. [Robert smiles as Andy exits]
Hey guys. So Columbus Day, we got that half-day on Friday.
Well, you got it this year too.
Night.
Night.
I gotta say, I think it's kinda cool not knowing. It's like one of those movies that ends on a note of mystery. Did the butler do it? Are they ghosts? You know? It's kinda sophisticated.
Creed! Wha- [Shoves Creed with his foot, Creed grunts] This is a safety issue with you. There's no way to know if you're dead!
Kevin, I appreciate what youre trying to do.
Here, we have a word code, the same way we have a dress code.  And what were talking about isbasically the speech equivalent to just wearing underpants.  Sometimes words, you no need usebut need need for talk talk.
What are you gonna do with all this time?
Oh, no no no no no. This is Dwights meeting.
I just wanted to pop in and get your opinions on tiesand tie clips.  Which combo do you think Robert is going to like more? [To Oscar] What do you think, C-SPAN?
Yeah.  C-SPAN, cocker spaniel.  Spaniel because of your Spanish bloodline and cocker cause
I am still forming a first impression with Robert.  Once it is formed, we can all relax.  Ok, Im sorry to hijack your meeting , D dub doghad to pull rank.
[to Robert California] Hi Dad!...... Ahhh.oh boy.
Are you factoring in the whole national economy. declining and all that?
I think I can sum it up with what I think is your favorite ice cream flavor.vanilla?
You were saying you chose me. There was a reason?
Can I inspire? [laughs] I dont know!.....I dont know.
Why dont we get Robert a nice hot fresh cup and I will have this.
Ive been craving a freezing cup of old coffee. [sips] Mmm.
I do.
You know, weve both been into each other at different times and just never really synced up.  Now were in this weird dance.
You got it.
Done.
Neither am I, its already done.  Hah, Im just kidding, its going to take some time.
Whats up, guys? Just thought wed have a little rap session, talk about businesssee how things are going? Ahem
If no one else wants to? I was just thinking about Robertman.  What a boss.  Just throws down goals, you know? Anyway, hows the sales doubling project going?
OF course not.  Theres no magic button.  You have to summon that.
Dwight, anything?
You know what? We need to get our heads out of the box.  If we did have something, what would it look like, what would it be? [Jim raises hand] Tuna.
Fart.. good Sesh. [gets up] That legs asleep.
D-Bone. There you are.
No, thats ok. Just, I want, I wanted to ask you about
I know, right?
Yeahum, how is everything?
Must be a tough time to be a family farm.
Oof.  What are you gonna do about that?
Theres gotta be some way you can double your beet sales
Thanks for coming in guys.
Well I never got thanked for coming into a meeting and I always wanted to be so Im gonna thank people.
This is whats under the blanket.
These are incentives.  Its how were gonna double growth. Now, youre probably all asking yourselves: Well, how does this work?
Youre exactly right and you get a point.
Twenty points.
Ive outlined the exact parameters in an email, so check your spam folders, but basically you do your job better, you get points. So, collect fifteen points and redeem them for this polar bear.
Theres lots of stuff.  John Irving, collected works, Twenty-two points. Or, you can pool your points and redeem fifty-five for this maternity shirt.
I cant.
Ooh I didnt mean to offend you, and I hope youll forgive me because I am very very Sari. [tosses yellow print material over shoulder] Sixteen points.
Thats a crazy amount of points.
Well, what do you want?
Alright. For five hundred points, I will wear a dress to work. [laughter]
Ill run naked through the parking lot with a donut on my ding-dong. [laughter] Yeah? You like that? Alright! For five thousand points, I will let you tattoo whatever you want on the stern of the old SS Bernard![Andy points to his rear-end]
Swear to God, hope to die. Now lets get to work!
T-bag bone
Have you noticed a little bit of a mood shift around here?
Really? Because I sat next to Stanley for years.and this is nap time. Open eye nap time. He balances the phone on his shoulder and just powers down.  Now look at him.
You think it has something to do with that incentive program?
BahI think people thought I was kidding when I said that.
Hundred and twenty points.
Hey Kevin, what are you doing?
[on phone] Hi, Professor Frank, Andy Bernard, class of 95. Hey there, um, Im a huge fan of your management book, Management. Um, quick question.  I may be missing a chapter hereDe-Incentivizing. What are your strategies? Looking for a real blow to moraleuh why? Well, um I guess you could say Im in one of those classic ass tattoo incentive situations. [laughs]
Took em one day.
OK, keep in mind, its not too late to choose another prize and there are some great new additions.  My car [nervous laughter] for a thousand points.or best offer.
We should think about thisdoes anyone have any better ideas?
Just need a second outside.
Yeah.
Tunes..what am I doing here? Why did Robert pick me? .Confession: I dont know what Im doing.
My ass is only so big, I mean I cant do this everyday.
No one expects me to go through with this, right?
Lets inkmy stink! [crowd cheers]
My heart belongs to music. But my ass belongs to these people.
[lying on table] Do your worst!
They are already off, my good sir.
Well, I think downs better.  Sweating pretty heavily down there.
This is where I grin and be-YOW OW!
Invest in softer cotton, sir. [tattooing begins] OW! Oh! Oooh! [Crowd cheers] oh, whoa!!
AHHHHH!!!!!!!
[removes tape to reveal tattoo of puppy] Its a Nard Dog! [group cheers] Thats my nickity-name! I love it, I love it!
When you're a kid, you picture a pilot kinda like this [imitates plane noises while steering wildly] But then you learn that's crashing the plane. The right way to do it is more like this. [calmly pulls imaginary steering back and forth] Or better yet, like this. [takes hands off imaginary wheel] Now that I'm manager, I think about that a lot. I let Dwight run the meetings, I let good people do good work and I stay out of the way.
Which combo do you think Robert's gonna like better?
This is combo number seven.
You're right, you're right, you're right. Uh! It's so hard to find an occasion for this clip.
Sure.
Thanks T-Dog.
Tuna dog!
I thought the plane was flying pretty well on auto-pilot. And then Robert California ran into the cockpit with a gun and he was like Fly this plane to Cuba, and on the way bomb Texas Well I don't know how to get there. Or even how to fly, even. And I don't have any bombs.
[sighs] Yeah.
I don't have any ideas though.
You do?
Yeah....I don't think that's legal. It's a nice thought though. [Erin hands Andy a gift] What is this?
You didn't have to do that. [opens box to reveal red mouse cat toy attached to key chain]
You're the only person who's congratulated me.
Oscar, it's not that hot out.
Well, we don't know how long the driver's been gone and it's not in direct sunlight.
We're losing cloud cover.
The warehouse crew won the lottery yesterday. Nine hundred and fifty thousand dollars. And then they quit!...and no one else can focus. [shot shows warehouse crew going wild in the office] This is it. This is all on my shoulders. I'm the one who has to tell everyone to get back to work, I'm the one who has to tell Darryl to hire a new warehouse crew. I'm the one who has to say those things.
Are you kidding me?! Guys if I have to ask you to get back to work one more time, I'm gonna change my tone. [lowers voice] To down here like Mr. T. and this will get seriously annoying. I feel sympathy for the jerks who have to listen to this all day. [normal voice] Darryl, how we doin' on the new warehouse guys?
What d-? What..what? Wuh, do we have new guys, or what?
Are they on their way over?
This is kinda time sensitive.
Alright, well until we have a new crew, let's get some volunteers for warehouse duty. Who's in? [Erin raises hand]
Are you volunteering?
Jim! How 'bout you?
Great. And Kevin.
You look awesome.
Where are we in the process?
Did you go out celebrating with the guys last night?
You do have a fantastic basement.
Right. Um, well how 'bout we take a look at some applications? ...This guy wrote his in green ink, that's pretty cool. Check it out. [attempts to give Darryl application who ignores him at first but then takes it]Hey! There ya go...there he is.
That is not Darryl. I don't know where Darryl is. I suspect probably our Darryl is inside of fat Darryl.
Welcome, everybody! My name is Andy and this is my other brother Darryl.[no one laughs] What? No Newhart fans? OK...Darryl, how do we usually kick these things off?
Does anyone have experience? Shelving, storing, keeping track. What do we use, the Dewey Decimal system?
Well-
Um, can you guys give us a minute? But stay close, you're all doing great. [group begins leaving] maybe grab a coffee..or if there's any donuts out you can split one. You know they're for everybody so people get fussy....You know what? Just have a donut. [shuts door and sits, gesturing for Darryl to sit next to him. Then gets up to stand near Darryl.] Do you wanna talk about this not winning the lottery thing?
You sure? Cause you keep talking about it, so...
Good. Great. Then can you say things that aren't like a huge bummer to everybody? Cause the more I talk, the more they're gonna realize I don't know what I'm talking about.
We need you, OK?
OK?
Alright.
Alright! Thank you for coming back in, again. Uh, now we're gonna ask you a few questions. Darryl, you have the floor.
Good. Keepin' 'em honest.
Are we scaring them straight....?
Is everyone licensed?
No. Warehouse license....Masters in warehouse sciences?...I, I feel like Darryl has talked about a license of some kind.
No. Not joking. This is real....painfully real, what is happening right now.
Does anyone get distracted easily by bubble wrap? [raises hand and laughs] You'll be dealing with lots of bubble wrap obviously. Um...
No. Because they all left.
I mean, after you bailed? I got confused and frankly a little weird and the stuff that you said certainly didnt help.
What are you talking about? I'm not gonna fire you.
..OK, this is weird. I don't, I don't get the joke.
So Darryl says to me fire me. But what he really means is I'm gonna say something really weird, try and figure out what it means. So I say No, you're not fired. But what I really mean is I have no idea what your talking about, but I'm gonna go ahead and hire some people for the warehouse and hope that you eventually start feeling better.........I really hope that's what he and I mean.
Attention! Does anyone know anyone who could work in the warehouse? We can pay. Come on Oscar, who's the most jacked guy in all of Scranton? Like your wildest fantasy guy.
Definition.
Are those just show muscles? Or is he really strong?
Gideon. You are a PhD candidate studying America's diminishing blue-collar workforce?
Great....Well, it'll bring a fresh new perspective to the warehouse.
Eh, cool. We'll figure that out.
Got it. Dually noted. You! [points to Bruce] Coolest tank top I have ever seen. Where did you get that?
So cool! What a cross-section we have here. That's what I love about interviewing. I get to meet all these people I wouldn't ordinarily meet or know or even talk to.
Surprise! Your new crew.
Why? Because you didn't win the lottery? How am I supposed to make you happy?
Yeah.
Haha, what?
I'm not gonna give you my job! It's my job! I earned it! And here's the thing, you weren't even next in line. I asked about you, I saw your file. You have a history of being short with people and you hired Glenn, your buddy! To replace you in the warehouse. He was under qualified. They saw that.
Nate! Please....thank you. You have no business education, you were gonna take classes under D'Angelo, what happened to that?
He didn't die, his brain died. And my brain is still very much alive and I'd be happy to give you business classes. How come you haven't asked me about it?
None, no part of this has anything to do with you.
Oh, but you had time for a softball clinic, and a Mediterranean cooking class.
Hey. Here's the thing. Jo saw something in you. She loved you! She gave you a shot and then you stopped pushing. She noticed. [long pause]
OK what?
Ah, OK.
Yeah. [laughs] That makes sense. OK. Good, alright.
What is goin' on?! [shot shows greased aisle flanked by rows of boxes]
Why is the truck empty?
No, Jim. Tell us why it's called Seor Loadenstein.
Yeah? Pretty cool, huh?
What better way to announce our new slightly lower prices than with an ad campaign? And what better face for an ad campaign than our new regional manager?
How'd it look?
No.
What? [Stanley enters office laughing] Morning, Stanley.
Erin, how long did we order those billboards for?
Oh, god. I need you to call the billboard company.
Which one did you see?
Yeah, Dwight.
Now, stated arrival time is 3 p.m.
It's just a garden party. Sheesh.
You don't need a reason to throw a garden party anymore than you need a reason to throw a birthday party. It's a garden party. You don't need a reason.
Few other super simple reminders  no burping, no slurping, when eating take small bites and chew thoroughly with your mouth closed. Yes, Darryl?
I get it, I'm being a little overbearing. But I promise to be underbearing for a week if you guys just all... step it up.
This is not a picnic, Phyllis, it's a garden party.
Aw, ew, please don't. Not a barbecue. It's better than a barbecue. It's dignified, quieter, there are rules.
I'm glad you asked  Connecticut Casual.
Guys, my family just threw a garden party to celebrate my brother's promotion. It was a huge success. Check it out, there's a video online. Heartwarming impromptu father-son duet. [video playing on computer]
It's my dad and my brother. I would have joined in but this melody doesn't really support another harmony part, so... Check it out, that's my brother's boss. Look how psyched he is, he's having an awesome time.
Yeah, of course. Ye... I mean, uh, yeah, I think he did. [groans from the group]
See you all there at 3 p.m., Connecticut Casual, remember your manners, and have a wonderful time.
Ooh, that sounds great.
Sure.
Uh, I'll hear the other one.
You know, the marmalade sounds great.
Then the basil will be fine.
How's it going over here, guys?
Didn't mean to bother you, Mabel. Mabel, Mabel, if you're able, keep your elbows off the table.
Well, technically FOR Andy.
I don't know how you got there.
This branch, I'm the regional manager.
Did I throw this party to impress my parents? That's crazy. Now, if they wanted a garden party, they could throw one themselves, which, as a matter of fact, they did, last week. They threw one for my baby brother who is totally amazing, but I couldn't care less.
Can I introduce you around now?
What are you going to see?
What??
I didn't know you were going to be here.
Welcome.
Hey, I want you to meet my first bosses, Mom and Dad.
Oh, I thought you were going to bring marmalade.
So pretty today.
Yeah, um, it would be weird if the boss man didn't make a toast, so, hang on. Everybody, I just want to take this opportunity to thank you all for coming, and to raise a glass to my amazing staff.
Toasts are great. I mean, you toast somebody, they toast you back. It just goes round and round. That's my favorite part about toasts, the reciprocity.
Let's hear from you guys, who do you want to toast?
You can't triple toast somebody! At least not until we get everyone once.
Yeah, yeah.
Some of you know that we have an internet star in our midst. Mr. Walter Baynes Bernard Sr., please report to the stage!
Ah, come on!
Yes!
Well, how about one of our classic father/son duets? [starts playing guitar]
[singing] Saying I love you is not the words...
Yeah?
Right, it feels strange.
Saying I love... Saying I love you...
Is anyone filming this? Seriously! Erin!
[applauds] Cheers! Alright! Cheers, cheers, cheers, get your own guitar.
Hello, Cece Halpert? This is Andrew Bernard. I'd very much like to speak with you about your paper supply needs. That wasn't even my worst sales call.
I don't know, I just thought if I could throw this great garden party and show you how respected I am that you'd be proud of me.
I know, I know that you're proud of me.
Hey everybody, I'm gonna leave and I just wanted to say I'm really sorry.
Um, cheeseburger.
Thanks, Oscar.
Hey guys, getting psyched for the party? Ryan? Can I count on you to wear an understated satirical outfit?
Awesome.
Oh, oh, oh, Kevin. I am reminded of a lame but useful saying I learned as a kid. What is the difference between Hors d'oeuvres and the animals on Noah's ark?
With Hors d'oeuvres we only take one at a time.
My parents are used to a certain type of class. The people that I work with are a different type of class. One is not better than the other, it's just that maybe one's a little higher than the other?
[looking at Angela's costume] Approved!
[claps] Chef from South Park, it's genius!
I've decided to pre-screen all the Halloween costumes this year. I have three simple rules - don't be offensive, don't be cliche, and don't take the first two rules too seriously.
Whoa! Aw, spoiler alert.
Costume vetoed.
Ah, it's, uh... somebody's already called that.
Kevin has a gorilla suit you could borrow.
Guys, I know, I mean, I wish there could be, too. It's like, I can't choose. They're both amazing. It's just...
I thought you were at your sister's funeral.
Um, can I, maybe, squeeze through?
There you go. Thank you.
Everybody looking good, this is, this is the best we can do? I'm not judging, I, I think you guys look great, I just... wanna make sure this is the best we can do?
I just got a text from Broccoli Rob - 'Boo!' Scared me. And then I got this text from Robert California - 'Looking forward to Halloween party. Expectations are high.' Scared the s**t out of me.
G'day, Pameroo. Could you shoot this off for me?
Australian accent...
Hey! Uh-oh, looks like we're under a Jack attack!
Yes.
Wow, who shot our grown-up party with a kiddie raygun? We're still getting it set up, it's gonna be really cool.
Hey. What's up?
Yeah...
Um, I just thought you could use some help, you know, because Robert came in and thought the party seemed a little kiddie, and I guess I agreed, and maybe we could mix a little more 13 into the PG.
Can we talk about it at the end of the day? I gotta call, gotta make a call.
[pretending to be on the phone] Yes. [laughs] I don't know. Mmhmm.
It really looks great.  You did a great job.
We should still have that talk.  Maybe you can come by my office at like 4:45? [Erin nods] Cool.
Whats the story?
I think weve seen enough.  You can turn it off now.  [everyone murmurs agreement] Yeah turn it off now.
That was awful.  Robert I apologize.
What we have here is a classic misunderstanding.
Did you think I was going to fire you?  No I wasnt.  [to Robert] Im sorry this must be really uncomfortable for you.
Ok.  Erin I think you know Ive been dating someone.
And its getting a little more serious.  Shes never come by.
No I didnt want her to call because I thought it would be weird.  But now its weird that shes not calling.
Thirty-one.
[Flickering Lights] Hey everybody it's closing time. You don't got to go home but you can't stay here. [Plays radio and the song is Closing Time by Semisonic]
Closing time.
Every office needs an end of the day tradition. Something to tell you the day is over.  Otherwise, you go home and the night just feels like more day.  It's weird.
Closing time
One last call for alcohol so finish your whiskey and beer.
Come on pam!
[Singing, Pam mumbling lyrics] Closing time, time for you to go home to the places you will be from.
I know who I want to take me home. I know who I want to take me home. [Pulls towel through legs] I know who I want to take me home. [Spins Meredith in chair] Take me hooohooome! You know what fine! I try to start fun traditions for you guys, but if you don't want to sing no traditions!
[singing] Every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end.
Whose your favorite iron chef?
You go first.
Well the monitoring software is a double edged sword. Sometimes
Umpfthat's not good. Chalk that one up to Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dumb out there.
They're both Kevin. Oscar is the Sex and the City gang and Angela, if you can picture
I would agree with that.
End the mistakes, easy-
I would like that.
What do you got?
Sounds controversial.
Do not go there! You're the deuce I never want to drop.
Go do the voodoo that you do so well.
Mmhmmm.
Hi guys. I just wanted to say that, you all have been doing amazing work., really.
And I'd like to add that your work has been a little sloppy. So, Dwight and I have implemented a new program that we like to callDwight
If we as a group make five mistakes in a day, something bad happens like we block Minesweeper.
Are you sure this is a good idea? I mean the thing about this office is, we make a lot of mistakes.
Alright everybody, looks like we need to be getting to work. Be extra careful. Double check everything or the accountability booster will getcha.
Dwight's our co-worker and he worked really hard on this doomsday device so I
Alright everybody, you are doing great!
Gahhh. That's five strikes.
Dwight we got five strikes.
Did the email go out or
Well, th- There's gotta be a way to stop it.
Ok! Dwight you may now enter your password.
What?!
Nn no.
No!
Some of us should go there and talk some sense into him. Get him to stop that email.
Pam, you should come with me. Dwight really likes you and your breasts are enormous that could help us.
Kevin has that lovability.
Jim, I want you to go find Robert just be where he is in case that email goes out at five. You can try to delete it or something.
Gotcha something. [gives Dwight cap, Dwight throws it aside] And, uh, I just really want to talk to you-
Well now hold on it, it-
[to Dwight] Where you going?
Dwight, there's just a small matter of a-
What are you doing? It's 5 to 5.
That's insane!
Trust you, like I trusted Dwight this morning.
Enngh-
Oh!
Let's not make any mistakes today. Or at least no more than four.
Robert, do you wanna smoke pipes during our meeting?
Yes. Of course. [whispers] Erin..[throws pipes at Erin]
Yeah?
I don't think so.
Yeah. I'm still figuring out the two man bobsled here, so let's hold off on the D-man for now.
Erin.
In two minutes I want you to come into this meeting and tell me I have a really important phone call. Im not going to take it because I want him to know how important the meeting is to me.
Nobody. Just say that I'm-  Just make it up that I have a phone call. And then Im going to refuse to take it.
Just make up a phone call. Its not a real call. Make it up.
And come and tell me. Doesnt matter what it is.
Im not going to take it. And then hes going to be like whoa this is a really important meeting.
Okay.
Ok, so tell me exactly what kind of deal you are getting now and Ill tell you how we can beat it.
Yeah.
Im sorry  Im with a very important client. Itll have to wait.
There is nothing more important to me right now than this meeting.
I dont think shes dead.
Shes not dead. This is exactly the kind of thing my mom pulls.
Yeah. Um line 1?
Hi.
Ooh, gosh!
Officer.
Did she have any last words or?
Oh make sure that your client gets the best deal possible.
That is so mom.
Alright thank you officer. Erin please hold all my other calls. Where were we?
Im delivering it from the fridge. Its like a porno. Hey did anyone order a pizza?
Yeah and were not about to make love. I just thought maybe youd want to eat lunch at your desk today so that during lunch we could go down to the warehouse and bang out a few tunes.
Uh you tell me [Kevin playing drums with chicken legs]
[scatting] Ske-be-do-bah-bap-bah-de, ske-be-de-bapa-de-bapa-boopa-dooten-bebe-daten-booray.
Thank you. I think I said doop instead of boop at one point.
[sees Robert California enter] Hey Robert, are we meeting early?
Well we're all musicians and we play together sometimes.
Thank you.
Miss no more! What do you play? Join us!
[to Kevin] CEOs don't play tambourines. Tambourines are for girlfriends.
Great!
I had totally given up on hanging out with Robert California and now he wants to be in our band! And when you're in a rock and roll band with somebody, you're bonded for life!
Yeah, even cooler.
Yeah, absolutely!
Midnight what?
Did you know that Lisa toured with Chaka Khan?
Well, we are playing. We're all playing together. These are our jam buddies. It's a jam session. We go where the music takes us. [music starts]
Maybe we could switch instruments.
Cause, uh, my body's starting to get bruised.
We had to leave because of creative differences.
Well-
[scatting] Rudit-do-do-do-di-do.
Hey! All right, obviously we all want to die but we have to get through this. So, Gabe go ahead. It's okay.
Hey guys, uh, can't keep saying you're going into labor. Everyone knows you're full of it.
Never cry wolf.
[on the phone] What?! They took another client from us? Okay, bye. Man! Business is war! Customers, clients- it's like a war out there.
I am a leader. But you can only inspire people so much in a place like this. So today I'm turning the inspire-factor up to ten with a little help from my friend America's bloodiest battle.
Why even read business books? We should be studying war. Going to places like Gettysburg. Where is that?
[gags, coughs] Well we should take a fieldtrip there. I mean, that would be so cool. I wonder if that bus downstairs is-
That sounds super inspiring! I'm in!
Charge!
Yeah, well, the bus has free wifi and I made special low-sugar lunches for everyone. And is anyone kosher or halal?
Dates, tabbouleh, and a bagel with cream cheese.
You know, it's the same as the kosher option. There's a lesson in there. I mean, I can't force you to go. You're not my slaves. Thanks to Gettysburg. But... who's coming with me?
Anyone who's not going, you're dead to me. You're uninvited. I don't want you to come. But, FYI, there will be leftover turkey and pesto sammies in the fridge.
[passes out hats] One for you.
And one for you.
And- oh. You missed your head. [laughs and puts hat on Jim's head] There you go. Phyllis, think fast!
All right, guys, a little foreplay before we do it. Fans of Ken Burns' Jazz will most certainly enjoy Civil War.
It's just not appropri- I mean, if we were going to visit Bradley Cooper's birthplace, I'd be the first one suggesting it. I'd be rooting for it.
All right, all right, all right.
You guys...
Get excited!
All right! We're here. Limitless can wait.
Woo-hoo! Ladies and gentlemen the eighteen hundreds await you. We can watch Limitless on the way back.
Woo!
Whoa, where you going?
Yeah, we're not going to the visitor center. We're not tourists.
Unless you're going on the very specially-created and meticulously-researched Andy Bernard tour.
After Chancellorsville, Lee brought his army up the Shenandoah Valley, right through here! They stopped in this field for a picnic, which they called lunch.
We don't need to bother this poor gentleman. I know exactly where we're going. Giddy up! Tallyho!
Let's talk about food for a second. Food for thought.
Hunger! Hunger for victory! Hunger for honor. Hunger for pride.
Exactly. Now do you know the Civil War soldiers were hungry for? Pride! Now, each battalion had its own flag and they guarded these flags with their lives. Colonel Harrison Jeffords of the Fourth Michigan Infantry saw his flag being carried away, chased it down with nothing but a sword. Fought tooth and nail at the foot of that flag until he died. He wasn't about to let them have that flag. Pride. Right, guys? [holds up flag] I commissioned this flag for Dunder Mifflin. Cost me two hundred dollars.
We are all branches on this tree. And from the tree comes paper. We're all part of a business. But business is war. What's that I hear? Uh, a rebel paper company is coming to take our flag! Wha- what's going on here? Wee-hoo! Come and get it! Who's gonna get the flag? Who's getting it? Whoa! Hey! Ho! Don't look where I am, look where I'm going. Juke right, juke left.
Get the flag! Get the flag! Come on, Big Tuna. What you gonna do about it? We got a flag right here. Wee-hoo!
Spangler Springs is a mile this way.
Its I mean come on.
Alright fine.  You know what  I guess this place just hasnt rubbed off on you the way I hoped it would.  Im still going.  And Im not going to ask anymore.  Im not even going to look back.  Im just going to assume that youre with me.
[making pencil imprint] Dammit.
You guys came.  Wheres everyone else?
Yeah I asked the bus driver to lock it because our stuff was in there.  I guess he follows orders.
Even without an audience youre still at it.
Our office has a disease.  And it goes by many names.  Sarcasm.  Snark.  Wisecracks.  You take things people care about and you make them feel lame about it with your jokes.  Thats what you did with this trip.
You dont like the hats?
They just didnt turn out how I wanted.  In my head they were cooler, but they do look weird.
[voiceover the three walking] The world will little note, nor long remember the fight Jim and I had here at Gettysburg and thats good because I was basically wrong.  I wanted my team to be, like, this army and I was their general.  But I guess its really more like theyre just people who work in an office and Im their manager.  Yeah thats really probably a better analogy now that I think about it.
Charge!
It's kind of a haul, so we should probably get going. And tuna, I made a special sandwich for you, guess which kind.
Yes! Tuna of the land. Turkey. With pesto.
Water.
Getting everyone on the bus, check. Giving everyone hats, check. Sexiest eastern European girls, uh, check.
Please! Everyone and their mother goes to Devil's Den. It's the Olive Garden of Gettysburg.
Well, I meant that in a bad way. Obviously it tastes good, but it's not cool.
That is what I'm showing you.
[enters office doing Michael Jackson impression] Everybody beat it. Don't beat it, stay where you are.
What did you say?
What would you say?
That is exactly the right thing to say! Do it! Git-er-done! Phyllis, you just married Joe Order, you're new name is Phyllis Order [fill this order], get it?
Jim, in regards to our high-five scheduled for four PM today, it has been moved up to now. Yes.
[signing his name] Andrew Baines Bernard.
Andrew Baines Bernard. I love filling these out. Because its like taking a test, but I know the answers.
What was that?
Hey there. Its a pleasure.
I would love to. But I have to be completely honest with you guys. Were 100 percent staffed up.
Alright.
Alright! The DM Express is pulling out.
We will start here at Erinville.
Reception. Your classic one-man operation.
I was watching a movie and a bunch of apes took over San Francisco. Just saying.
Ill explore exploring it.
Ok uh next stop on the tour sales. Here we go. Station stop Jim Halpert. Oh boy our resident truth teller. [Jim laughs nervously] Alright have at it. Let er rip. What do you hate about this place?
Jim?
You know if you joined our sales department you would be working very closely with our department head Mr. Dwight Schrute.
Dwight why dont you tell Susan about some of your hobbies. Survival skills. Ranking of animals.
Oh how am I supposed to pull this off? [montage of office workers in friendly interactions with Susan]. The entire office is being nice to her than theyve ever been to me. What I wouldnt give for one of Phyllis classic room clearing farts right now.
But we already have a surplus of accountants as it is.
Those are fully staffed as well.
[laughing nervously] Yes.
Let me beat around the bush for a second. Our chairman of the board has some very strong feelings about-
There are lots of considerations.
Alright. Well then welcome aboard.
We get you over to HR and then we get you set up with accounting. [phone rings] Hang on. Hello?
Hi gam-gam.
Are you taking your med-meds?
We promised wed never say goodbye.
[sees Susan is busy in the annex] Hey, uh, guys. So Robert doesn't want his wife working here. So now that she is, we have to drive her away.
it was a mistake. But one that can be fixed by all of us being mean to her.
I am not asking, I am ordering.
It would be great if she were gone by lunch. Erin, you're up. Find her a place to work, but not too comfortable.
[in robot voice] What is going on?
Okey-dokey, artichokey. You hate it, don't you?
Why would you say that?
It's not that, exactly.
Let's just say that if you don't want to work here, I am totally prepared to respect that.
I don't know. [chuckles]
Yes! The dude is an enigma.
Ah... [stammers]
[to Susan] Cameras...
It just was one of those things-
Yes?
No games?
Okay. I mean, it was kind of funny, actually. Robert storms in and he says, 'in four seconds, my wife's gonna be in here. I told her she could work here. Under no circumstances can that be allowed to happen.' [laughs]
I am lying. I am a compulsive liar.
No, it's not. I tell the truth most of the time and I was just telling the truth about your husband. Jim knows. He was there.
[grabs Jim's leg] No, no. No, no, no! Don't! Damn it, Tuna!
Jim, I've had enough of your unhelpfulness.
[laughs] I think we've got ourselves an answer.
That makes complete sense. Thank you all for a wonderful day.
Uh...
Yep.
Hey, Mrs. California.
You know, honestly, we all wanted you to work there. Except for him. Especially me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Who knows?
Totally.
Hmm?
So, Roberto Californio doesn't want to work with his wife. I get it. And, he wants to give his wife a job. Totally get it. What I am struggling with is the part of this that's impossible.
Ugh! He's always one step ahead of us! How does he do that?
[Singing as if he were the dolls in his office] Christmas tiiiime is heeeere! [Normal voice] Wow. Thanks guys, that sounded amazing. Hi, I'm Andy Bernard and I am the first office Santa ever to make holiday wishes come true.
Who's excited to get their holiday wishes?
What's that, Stanley?
It is important to be mindful of all belief systems at our holiday party.
Fulfilled! Brought my bicycle, so I can be your designated driver later. In the event that you drink to much, which is by no means required.
That, I cannot do, but I did get you an acre of property on the moon.
Light side.
As a matter of fact, yes. Directly adjacent....beachfront.
So, who's wish is next? Oh, what about Santa's wish? My biggest wish is that you all get along well with Jessica....C'mon guys, Jessica?...Jim, tell 'em who Jessica is.
Ugh! Gam-gam's name is Ruth, Jim, you should know. I introduced you on speakerphone that time?
Jessica is my super serious girlfriend, who is seriously awesome and seriously sexy. Only thing that's not serious, by the way? Our repartee.
Totally out of your league. So in summation, ho ho ho, please be nice to Jessica and mistletoe is not an excuse for sexual assault, and don't go near Gam-gam.
Well you came to the right place....Ah, this, this party'll cheer you right up.
Oh, thank you.
Well, I hate to have to take my Santa hat off, and put on my hard ass hat. [puts on baseball cap that has a foam rear-end on it with the words HARD ASS] But, this is serious. It's come to my attention that somebody who shall remain nameless, wants to switch desk clumps.
It wasn't either of you.
Sh sh sh sh! Don't look. Who it was is not important...but she did say that your constant pranking and one-upsmanship is driving her crazy. She or he.
Hey! Hey! Respect the hat!
Alright. I'm gonna speak in a language you both understand....Mo-nay.
Money....You both have sizable Christmas bonuses coming your way. If I catch either of you messing with the other, I will give both bonuses to the other person.
You need consequences. OK? I want you both walking on eggshells.
My ex is meeting my sex....which is always scary, you know? And not just because you think they might talk about your penis...that's just part of it.
Hey! Jess, Erin, I hope you're not talking about my penis. [laughs and kisses Jessica on the cheek] Hi.
Hey everyone! I want you to meet Jessica, she is an assistant cross country coach at Bryn Mawr.
Erin, by the way, amazing receptionist.
What?
Oh no.
Ut oh, it's kicking in. Spontaneous scoliosis.
Edgy impressions.
How many drinks have you had tonight? I can't be driving everybody home.
Whoa! Maybe you should take a break.
Jim, this has your fingerprints all over it.
What? ...Alright, get her out of here, Dwight.
OK!
Um, yeah, she's not always like that. It's um...
Yeah, uh, excuse me.
Yep. [leaves Jessica to talk to Erin] Hey!
Have you had anything to eat besides candy canes?
OK...maybe I should make you some oatmeal or something.
Ah, OK.
That's not what it should be, it should just be like a trinket or something.
You you, wait. You mean you wish she wasn't here or something.
Hey, you know, you can't say that, OK? That's my girlfriend that you're talking about. You and I are not together anymore. You need to get over it! Take your wish back.
I swear...
I was too embarrassed! [group laughs]
Um.
Cici is Jim's daughter.
I know who did this....Dwight.
Dwight.
Yeah. He is gonna pay. This is fire-able.
It's, I mean.
You know those movies where two friends are sleeping together and it's like, hey, can they stay friends?
Do you think two friends who are not sleeping together can stay friends?
No...I don't, hmm, I don't know.
By the way, I'm not gonna mess with you and Dwight's bonuses. I think it's causing more problems. So just be yourselves, have fun, and try not to let it affect your work.
Alright, I'll tell Dwight.
Christmas miracles do happen.
OK great.
Perfect.
I would, it just, that wasn't the holiday wish.
OK, bye. [helps Meredith off the floor] Alright Meredith,
You bet.
Thank god Erin's getting a ride home with Robert because she is trashed. [laughs] and who better to drive her home than Robert, I mean, what a stand up guy, you know? I mean he's going through a lot, separating from his wife, showing up to the Christmas party in a track suit and a blazer,
Let's go, let's go.
Hang on.
What?
What is all that?
It's junk!
You're a hoarder. My god!
Ah! My Santa suit's stuck.
Sh, sh, sh, sh, shh.
Oh my god.
Meredith, shut your drunk hole right now.
I'm sure I am not. Let's get you home.
Whoo.
Oh, uh. Well, we thought we wouldn't put the alcohol out till 11AM. It's just...common...decency.
It's come to my attention that someone, who shall remain nameless, wants to switch desk clumps.
Don't look. Who it was is not important...but she did say that your constant pranking and one-upsmanship is driving her crazy. She or he.
For the past month, I have been collecting wishes from everyone in the office, and I intend to make good on every single one of them.
Oh, I see.
Now look, I may not have a great laugh like Santa, or a flying sled. But tell you what I do have. A Prius, a heart of freaking gold....
Alright, you got it.
...and an American Express green card.
Ryan, for your holiday wish, you wanted ten sick days.
Well I'll do you one better.
I got you health insurance.
Yeah! Right? But with great perks come great responsibility, so I'm gonna be expecting a lot more from you...no more zoning out in your office.
Yes!
It was a raccoon! Eating a hamburger like a person!
[writing on board] Love letters, yes! I love it. What else can be done with paper?
Books! Excellent, Jim.
[gasps] Shh! Did you hear that? Infinity! There is an infinity of things that you can do with paper! Now, who wants to buy some paper? [scattered applause]
I'm talking about you guys! Who in this room, right now, wants to buy some paper? Let's get high on our own supply!
Yes!
Robert said that we needed to double our sales growth to eight percent by the end of the quarter. That's today. And we're eight hundred and thirty dollars short. And I can't afford to keep buying paper from us. So today, we need to sell eight hundred and thirty dollars of paper and the next quarter I need to sell the twenty-two hundred dollars of paper that's in my garage.
Hey C-span. So my dad says an accountant can really help you out, if they're willing to 'play ball.' Those were his words.
So make that error!
Well, it's just, I know that making errors sounds like your kind of thing, but it's a little more complicated than that.
It's just, I really need a real accountant on this. [to Oscar] What do you say?
Oh.
What?
You know what? Go. Have fun.
There's a trivia contest at a bar in Philadelphia.
I didn't even say what it is.
But here's the best part. The prize is a thousand dollars, and if we win, we can use that money to buy paper here, close the gap on our eight percent profit increase...
Yeah? You like it?
All right.
I'm so psyched you guys are into it because I thought- I was like, 'this sounds really stupid.'
There is one problem with this plan.
We'd have to leave work, like, right now, to do this.
You left us no choice, but, this should put a smile on your face. How would you like to be captain of the Dunder-Mifflin team? Although I reserve the right to overrule you.
I've got a quota to hit. I don't care how I hit it.
Wait, what? Everyone in here is gay?
It says that I believe that my staff's intelligence and that I'm willing to try anything. [Oscars friend walks up] Not anything.
Uh, all right. We need to divide up into teams, but it's winner-take-all so no need to divide evenly. We need an A-team, a backup team and a just-have-fun team. So you guys all know yourselves.
A-team.
All right, everybody. Nice self-awareness. Except... [looks at Kevin, who has joined the A-team]
Oh, we got this!
Jim, Darryl. Your time to shine.
You're my sports guys! You're ESPN, you're ESPN Classic, Ryan is MSNBC. I'm E!, TLC and Oxygen.
So the best chance of hitting our mark is now in the hands, and brains, of Kevin, Meredith, Erin and Kelly. Do I like these odds? My answer is no.
[dances] Whoo! Yeah!
Go Einsteins!
Oh, come on!
Einsteins! Great work.
You know what I thought would be fun? Is we do like uh, a switch-em-up maybe? Since only one of us needs to win, maybe I can get Kevin and Kelly and put together an all-star team?
Alright. Well just stay focused, try to concentrate.
Alright, if you're not going to help us out by buying our own paper, could you sell eight hundred dollars more paper than usual today? That would be amazing.
Not helping, tuna.
We gotta figure this out. Think of the look on Robert's face when we tell him we met our 8% goal.
No, that's why...that's why I said think of it.
Have I mentioned that it's also quite good for amateur animation? [flips crude animation of stick figures representing him and Robert] Took me two weeks.
Jessica! I love you! That's a message from my mom.
My parents met Jessica and they completely flipped for her so they gave me this old family ring to use on her. I know, whoa! Pump the breaks, Bernard, too early! I get it. I just, you know, I'm just carrying it around, seeing how it feels. I haven't proposed to anyone in years... Mom took the main diamond out, she thought that had more of a my little brother kind of vibe to it, but...
Um, I'm getting reports of a serious outbreak of the grumpies in here.
Well, please tell Susan we all say hi.
Oh.
[hides ring] Yeah, it's pretty serious poolage.
Hmm? Flicking a bug off my wiener. [they both laugh]
No, I'm good.
Hi.
It's great. You know. Reliable. Great mileage.
Well, I can't. I'm going skiing with Jessica. you know, a couple of dopes on the slopes.
No. What?
All right, theres- this would be no problem. I could swim under, one breath.
Okay.
In a minute. In a minute.
A minute would be cool.
Hey, Stanley. Um, what happened to my pants?
Where... [finds pants, looks for ring]
No thanks.
Kelly, that's a crazy ring you found.
I can't believe you're wearing it. Are you not superstitious at all?
The ring of a failed marriage might have some sinister energy, right? Am I just being silly?
You know what, I can just sell it and put the money in the party fund.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yay! [Erin comes back up] Whoa!
I cannot believe you're still up!
[muffled] Dwight are you okay? Hey, damn it-
Ooh, do not remind me of Phyllis's birthday.
Mmm.
Last I checked, I'm with Jessica. And I like to get my monog on. It's monogamy for my hog 'n me.
We're done. Erin and I are over.
Have at it. Or take it slow. Whatever you guys work out.
[Erin swims up with ring] Wow.
Yeah. Oh wow. How did you know it was mine?
Duh.
Oh, whoa. Whoa, no, it's not a special night.
Honestly Erin, I don't know what I'm doing. I... I just... I don't know. Thank you.
Hey.
Yeah, it sounds like it.
Bring it on guys.
Let's go before I vomit. [Erin and Dwight enter pool]
Alright! Here we go.
Hey! High-five!
Val, I need the space.
Everybody out.
I can't promise what I'm going to do or not do.
Obviously I'm going to clean up.
Stress is like the uptight mayor or a town who's saying, 'Hey, we're uptight, you can't dance,' and then you have to be like, 'Oh yeah, Mayor Stress? Well watch this!' And then... we dance. Oh how we dance. [dances to Kenny Loggin's Footloose] Sex also works.
Hey! Tuna! He's back.
Oh, look at this. [hugs Jim] Tuna wrap.
[grabs Jim's wrist] Hand roll.
Come on, Judge Judy, tell us your case. What were the deets?
What's up, gangstas?
Dwight, not everything is a conspiracy theory.
No. Dwight! I have me on the record, saying to you, take a chill pill.
Here, right there. [mimes giving Dwight a pill and a glass] Down the hatch.
Attaboy. Good. Now, chill.
Yeah, sure, of course. I'd fire him to Timbuktu. [Jim laughs nervously]
I feel terrible getting lied to. No one's ever lied to me before.
No, not after what I told Dwight about firing you. No. Here's what we're going to do. We're going to have ourselves a good old-fashioned cover-up. Have you ever heard of a Connecticut cover-up?
Do you know why you never heard of it?
Covered it up.
They used to call me King Tut because I'm so good at keeping things under wraps.
My nickname was actually King Butt, because I had a king-size butt.
Yeah but who remembers all their customers? I mean, I can name like three of our clients.
Why? Everybody's heard it.
Hey, Murder She Wrote. How about we drop the whole 'Murder, She Wrote' thing, okay? Jim was at the courthouse for jury duty every morning. How do I know? Because I drove him there.
Why? Why? [looks at Jim]
His car broke down. So he called me, 'cause I live near the courthouse.
Thirty minutes out, thirty minutes back, easy hour. And I would watch that cute little tushie scurry up those courthouse stairs every morning and that was that.
We're getting buried out there. What was that stuff about the car breaking down?
I'm not Rumpelstiltskin, Jim. I can't keep spinning gold out of your [bleep].
[sighs] I don't even know what the truth is anymore.
Uh, I did, every morning. And if I didn't, then I hope I die.
Dwight, cut it out. I'm not firing Jim.
I know what I said. Jim, you're in deep doo-doo. Do you understand? I have one thing to say to you, and I'm going to say it in front of this whole office. Look me in the eye. [gives Jim a limp slap]
Aw! You guys. He's licking on my finger, just like my cat does.
Oh!
Wow, these are incredible. Cece, did you do these?
There's cross-hatching in some of these. That's kind of advanced for a two-year-old.
Hey, Cece, why don't you draw another picture for us, exactly like this one, or at least in the exact same style?
Hey, we'll be just fine.
Oh, whew!
Dwight, what the hell? You can't smoke in here.
So you effectively spent what...four dollars on the entire office?
You're nothing. When I think about all the gas money I spent on you. Washing my car to make sure you-
Everyone, this is Officer Foley from the Scranton PD. Works down at the courthouse. I think he has something he's like to say.
No.
That is so offensive and ridiculous. I-
Ho hah!....oh, shoot.
Pam! Ahh! Look what I can do now that she's no longer pregnant. [pretends to punch Pam in the stomach] Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!
Dwight, I have exciting news for you.
I think you're going to like it.
Oooh, maybe I can. [slowly] I got an email... from corporate....that told me that...
That...[quickly] you got a promotion! [Dwight turns back] Right? I mean that's not the kinda thing you wanna read quietly at your desk.
No, this is legit. You will be assembling a team to go to Tallahassee for three weeks to develop and launch a chain of Sabre stores.
And here's some facts for you. Did you know frogs can hear with their lungs? And that flamingos can have orgasms that last 30 minutes.
Yeah, it's weird that I said that last one.
Uh yeah, look at that.
Pin twins! This is a gift from Jessica, kind of a gag gift really. Real gifts come later.
You wanna take Darryl, Phyllis, Toby, Angela and Oscar?
Can I interest you in someone less essential? Like uh a Creed or a Meredith perhaps?
They're not expendable exactly, I just can't...I can't think of the word I'm trying to find.
Alright, look. I gotta keep this office functioning somehow. So, I have put together a list, here's your team. Darryl and Phyllis you can have, but you're also taking Kathy, Kelly and Kevin.
You have your team.
Mooshie mooshie. [Dwight laughs]
Well uh...well the deliberations were confidential so...I feel like we should respect that.
Guys. Guys. Guys. Come on, seriously? We cannot let this trip cause this kind of rift, guys!
I use the word guys a lot when I'm nervous...guys.
Guys! Guys! Guys!
Guys..
Dudes...the dudes who are going to Florida were picked by Dwight and me.
Wha-
OK, I did not realize that so many of you wanted to go so badly, so if you feel like you have a very good reason to go to Florida, I'm happy to hear you out.
No. That is a ridiculous waste of time.
Five to six hours?
No no no no.
Nope.
Thirty minutes!
Or both?
Very impressive. He put a lot of work into that.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Yeah, wow. It's almost like we're not all experiencing the same winter?
Well...
Erin, you wanna go to Tallahassee?
Well it wouldn't be hard to find someone to fill in..
Tuns, I'm really sorry. You're too essential to the operation here, I can't let you go.
OK, listen up everyone, here's who's going to Florida: Kathy..
.Stanley..
...Ryan...
...Erin...
...And, Jim.
Safe travels.
Oh, K. It's only three weeks.
Ahh! [laughs] Sorry I couldn't resist. It's so quiet.
It's so quiet, one might say, you could hear a pin... [drops pin] I thought that would be cooler.
Of course, I will pick up the pin. It is right here. Got it.
Yes, right here. Got it. Dink, ow. [chuckles, clicks tongue] In the trash.
Oh! There we go! Pam?
Can you get the phone?
Mm, well, you used to be.
Phone's ringing.
Fine. Hello, Dunder Mifflin. [ringing continues] Hello, you've reached Dunder Mifflin. How may I be of service?
Yeah, I figured we'd keep things savory while Oscar's mouth is in canker country. I also have some bacon-wrapped dates on deck.
Hey Darryl, good news, your fax went through.
Up high.
Dunder Mifflin, this is Andy. [whispers to Kelly] I put out some new magazines, check it out.
I'm acting like I like reception and I'm a really good actor, so people are actually buying that I actually like reception, but, I mean, seriously, reception sucks. [phone rings] Oh, there's the phone!
Mail call! [sings] His name is Oscar, and he got some mail, and he better open it, or go to jail 'cause it's your taxes. His name is Kevin, and no mail for him, but he got a coupon, for some frozen... yogurt.
Yes I am, as a matter of fact.
I found my calling.
[groans] Ugh! Fine. Did you see this? [points to pens in cup]
I mean... [Pam giggles]
[answers the reception phone] Dunder Mifflin, how can I help you save money on paper? This is Andrew.
Oh, she's on an assignment in Florida for a couple of weeks.
I miss her too.
[laughing] Check this out. My brother just got a new sailboat. He has NO idea what he just got himself into. There's nothing harder than taking care of a boatam i right?
Okay, everybody. 5:00. Workday is over. Put your pencils down. Aaannnnddd bring 'em back up, because now, the late night work jam begins!
Say what?
Say what?
Say-
Tonight we're staying late to service the accounts of the people who went on the Florida trip.
ball droppings can be beautiful. For example, when it turns an awkward soprano into a rich, full tenor.
Who is ready for dinner? 'oh, I bet it's pizza, or tacos, or something stupid'. No. [claps] I went south of the border for this. And then I went south of that border. And we have ourselves [takes foil off tray] [Jamaican accent] A Jamaican feast, mon!
Additional trivia factoid, this food comes to us through Val. And our server is none other than Brandon, her boyf!
Heyyy let's get back to the food. Brandon, tell us about these delicious looking goops!
Goat
Thornwood Wholesalers.
I'm pretty sure if Darryl sent Val a text, it was about some paper emergency or something.
 yeah
Thank you.
Kelly, remember how you wanted to go home before?
Play it cool, man. She'll come around.
Yeah, but My friend Jim would tell you to play it cool.
Cool-down fiesta begins right now. I got decaf coffee
I got Romy and Michele's High School Reunion
Morning, everyone.
Dont care. Tell me later.
What do you got?
Yes, I do. Phyllis.
What?
Heres what happened. Pam and I were arriving for the day. And there was a gang in the parking lot on bikes, on, on motorcycles. And they were just hassling Pam
They had, uh weapons.
I just stepped in to talk some sense into them.
Punches were going, and I ducked a few, landed a couple, and I was fighting them off. It was totally, like, like, senseless crime.
I didnt do anything any of you wouldnt have done.
No.
No, no, no, no, no, we dont need to call the police. Theyll just ask everybody questions, get up in everyones business, right, Pam?
And my eye will heal. But if the police come, then we will forever stain our neighborhood as a troubled area.
Because I have neighborhood Pride. 1-8-5-0-5.
Exactly. We need to feel safe, which is why Toby is giving us self defense training.
Right Toby? Will you teach us self defense?
Great.
What if youre being attacked by a  smallish man who happens to not have a groin?
What if youre being attacked by a 411 man who is penisless?
Why dont we start with the basics? Show us how to defend ourselves against a baby, and then like, a fifth grade girl, and then, you know, if we have time, on up to a scary man.
So in that scenario, what if the victim sucker-punches the attacker in the face? What can the attacker then do to better protect himself?
[softly] Take that, kid.
[deep voice] I think you guys might have the wrong Office.
[deep voice] Listen, I dont know what you guys are talking about, but I guess Ill just accept your apology so we can get on with our day.
Oh... [Kelly laughing]
Hey, hey, hey. Kelly Kelly, Kelly... come on.... Ow! God! My good eye!
You know why I got hit by girls? Because I stood up for others. Pam and for Toby. I stepped in and I didnt care that I was standing up to girls. You may wanna ask yourselves, Where were you when the girls came?
Tough day. Yes. But I feel good. I put the office in their place, took a bunch of pain killers, drank a half a bottle of wine, took my pants off. I just feel good!
[exiting office] Everyone stop what you're doing, I have terrible news. Dwight is no longer with us.
He's gone, damn it! He's been promoted to VP of Sabre Retail and he's staying in Florida forever.
Yeah. That was him on the phone. He sounds wonderful.
How could I have been more clear? He had a massive stroke [slight pause] of good fortune and he is now in a better place.
I think that Dwight wanted us to realize that this conversation among friends is the true treasure. [everyone disagrees]
Yeah, I know, Oscar we all are but nobody's gonna open it. You'd have to be insane. [everyone turns to look at Creed]
[to Creed standing in front of the 'treasure box'] Now, carefully... open the box.
Would if I could. And I can so I will. Put me down for one box. Don't care what it is, dealer's choice.
Damn it.
[video chat begins, Andy's head enters the screen from the side] Hello?
Oh, now mine's broken. Hang on. [turns his laptop on its side while lying on desk] Oh, there we go.
No.
I don't buy it. It, that is a freckle. That is not a tan, ok? I'm gonna have to inspect it in person when you get back here. I want you looking totally 'puerto ricania' when i see you.
What?
Yeah, that's awesome. That's great.
I'm just dealing with Erin's stuff since apparently she's not coming back. And she didn't bother to tell anyone.
Ryan, why didn't you tell me?
You never update it.
Does anyone else think this is weird? And like, kind of uncool, actually? To leave us without a receptionist?
I'm going to Florida to get Erin. [grabs coat, runs out, then returns] Forgot to turn off my email. It's crazy, right? It's just, when she said she was leaving, I felt so- [looks at computer frustrated] 'You're about to close four tabs, are you sure you want to continue?' Yes. I am sure. Ah, slow computer!
[on phone] Hello.
Hey, Robert. Ah, I really wish I could come in to work today, but I'm super sick.
Okay, I'll try to come in even though I'm really sick with the...
[standing in ocean] ...Florida Flu.
I'm in Florida to get Erin. As soon as I heard she wasn't coming back to Scranton, I jumped straight in my car and drove straight down till I hit the ocean. My heart is my map. Turns out, Tallahassee is about 200 miles inland, so I overshot a good amount. But still, not bad for a heart map right? [picking up dead fish] Oh, no. Thanks a lot, BP.
[singing] Here I am; Signed, sealed, delivered; I'm yours!
Uh, I am here to take you back to Scranton. Because I love you and I want to be with you.
Hm?
Well, we're not really dating anymore, so... basically, I mean, I just have to cross a few Ts and dot a few I's, you know.
All right. Technically, yes, I am still technically dating Jessica. But when I realized that I wanted you back, I just jumped in the car and I drove down here, and I didn't want to stop until I saw you.
[on phone message, singing] Please leave a message for Andy Bernard, include your na-
Nope. It's just work. Not important. You know, I can really feel this is my quads, I can tell I'm getting stronger.
I don't know. [phone vibrating] Just let it vibrate. It's fine.
I don't think it does that.
Jim?
I- I'm home in bed. I've been in bed all day. I got the-- I got the serious poops, man.
What do you mean, take my job?
Okay... Jim, I really appreciate you looking out for me, but I'm not coming home without Erin. So I'll talk to you later.
Yeah, if I had my own--
--sorry, you go.
Well, I was just going to say that, if I had my own fountain, it would be two frogs that are spitting into each other's mouth. It's just stupid. What were you going to say?
You broke my heart too.
I'm so sorry that we have not loved each other at the same time.
[sighs]
That did not go how I wanted it to. Ugh. I have a whole ton of Erin's favorite food for the drive back, eggplant parm. [tosses it out car window] It's biodegradable. Animals will eat it.
Erin!
Okay.
Wait, we have to go back and get your stuff.
Like your toothbrush and stuff.
You don't have a toothbrush?
How do you not have a toothbrush?
You just use whichever one is sitting there?
Of course. I own my toothbrush.
[sings] Two crazy kids on the journey of life.
On the road with my new girlfriend. But first, a small pit stop to break up with my current girlfriend who is at her parents' cabin in southern Pennsylvania.
Mm-hmm. It's a beautiful place. Great place to let her down easy.
Oh. Hmm.
[sings] Time to have a little kiss!
Mm. Sorry. Right. No kisses till the breakup is official.
I believe in that.
I think that's important. That is important. Bummer, but important.
Mm-hmm.
...and Jessica, just so you know, this is way more about my love for Erin than anything wrong with you.
Consider it nailed.
Okay, here we go. Jessica, I'm really sorry. I just need you to know-
I just need you to know-
Wow. There's a lot of cars here. This is just weird.
Hey, Lauren. Look at you.
I was just on my way back from this business trip, thought I'd stop and say hi to Jessica.
Why is Erin with me? That's a great question. She is my coworker, and she needed a ride because she totaled her car.
Yep. This is Erin.
Yeah. Uh, you know, we had such a quick window to make this work, I think we should probably just-
It'll be fine. Just act natural. Do you want a gummy penis?
These are delicious.
Ew! Aww! That seems gross at first blush, right? But relationships are always more complicated than you think. I mean, we don't know Matthew's history with this other woman. Maybe she saved his life. [laughs] I don't know.  I just- I don't think we should rush to judgment about Matthew. Maybe we don't pop that one.
Hey.
Oh! Ah, Megan.
Aww.
Oh, he's out there.
Well, you guys are doing a pretty good job with the scary yelling, so...
[singing] By yon bonnie banks and by yon bonnie braes...
No. I gotta do this. Hey Jessica, could I talk to you?
Uh, maybe we could talk in private?
Well, first just let me say that I hope when I'm done with the sort of ugly bits that we can stay friends.
Uh, no. No. You always do this. You twist my words around. Part of me thinks we should just end this right now.
Whoa! That? No. Okay. You want honesty? Super-honesty time. I'm gay.
I am gay, and I prefer men.
You did not, Kenny!
I like hanging out with you. You're a cool guy. Which proves my point. That I'm gay.
Well, I was faking it. I had to fake it every time. I had to imagine that I was in a steam room with John Stamos.
Well... I mean, I was good at hiding it, but-
Understandable. And I'm really sorry. I really am. [hugs Jessica, grunts] So... we should probably... go.
Right? Rough scene.
Oh... at least we can kiss now.
You know, that stuff that I said about you to her... I did- That's just- I had to say it. You know, I was dating her at the time.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
I just gotta do one thing. [leaves car, knocks on door]
Hi. Super-duper honesty time. I'm not gay. In fact, I'm so not gay, I'm in love with a girl. Her name is Erin Hannon and she's right there. She's sweet, funny and beautiful and total relationship material.
Okay.
Bye guys.
[singing] My girlfriend's back and there's gonna be trouble-
...my girlfriend's back!
Anyway, I know it's the end of the day. We just wanted to stop by and say hi.
Hey, Kev.
Nice sweater.
What happened to old salty?
Okey dokey. [knocks on door]
Whoa. Well, you must be the famous Nellie Bertram I've been hearing all about. I am the famous Andy Bernard you've been hearing all about.
I just want to thank you for jumping in and minding the store during my temporary absence.
Anyway, now that I'm back, I would love to have my office back, whenever you get a chance.
Obviously, we'll figure out the, uh, logistics of moving all this stuff out of here. But, you know, the sooner the better.
Get back to normalcy.
This is what I was trying to tell you.
[chuckling] Okay.
You can't dock my pay-
Great. Five, four, three, two, one. Angela, please dock Nellie's pay a hundred dollars. Angela?
Angela?
Ooh, she's counting again.
Oh, oh!
Seriously, Angela?
I got a little bit of an anger problem. Got me in some trouble a couple years ago.
You're just saying numbers. It's meaningless.
It's literally like-
Oh, yeah, I was just tired.
Whoa. No. Are you kidding? You were so sexy. Just the thought of you last night, like, crazy turns me on. It just didn't last night.
Yeah. I know it's not... a big deal.
You can't call a meeting. [laughs] But I would like to have a meeting in the conference room right now! So let's get in the conference room. Thank you. Good. Thank you for coming to my meeting.
Oh! Can't do it 'cause I gotta run a meeting. So.
Wanted to talk to all of you guys about [reads whiteboard] importance... and know that each and every one of you is vitally important.
Fine, it was me. I couldn't- I had a problem with Erin last night. Happy?
I had a lot on my mind last night. And I didn't perform. Okay? It happens to plenty of guys. It's usually not followed by a giant workplace discussion and an interview.
Every guy in this room has been touched by this affliction. Tuna? T-dog?
Fascinating.
Okay, so I-
Yeah Jim, get it out there.
[on the phone] Dad, don't think of it as a demotion. Just think of it as a promotion to a lower level. I don't think you have to tell your friends anything. It hasn't been decided yet.
Oh, and another thing! Our sex life is none of your businesses!
Stop protecting me! I'm a man- I can protect myself! This is misdirected anger and I'm sorry! I don't mean to lash out at you! There's a lot coming up right now, all at once! [into phone] Dad go to hell, I'm taller than you!
You are not the manager. I earned that job. I was personally chosen after Robert was chosen and quit.
Why don't you take a seat, you idiot? [throws chair]
And your stupid face! [grabs Nellie's photo off the wall and smashes it on the ground] And your stupid office! [punches hole in the wall] Ah!
That would actually be cool. I'd love for you to meet some of the guys.
No.
I'm saying no.
No.
No.
[British accent] No.
No.
No.
I can't describe it. I just, for the first time in a long time, I actually feel in control. I feel... alive.
Ah- da, da, da, da. I got it.
I... Got... It.
Yes.
Hey!
What?
guys, everything is fine! I'm just here to pick up Erin. We're going to the Fundraiser.
Why would that be weird?
Hello! Did anyone order a blast from the past, with a side order of sexy?
Oh, Wanna shake my hand, huh? Cause I want to shake your body! [hugs Robert and laughs.] I had you, I had you!
[points back and forth at the multiple cameras] Where do I look? It's been so long since I did one of these things? Okay, alright! What's the question? How am I doing? Umm... Great!
What haven't I been doing? Gosh, just today I was working on this rock opera that I'm writing, though it feels more like I'm receiving it than writing it.
The hero lives in this dystopian future and he flies around in a spaceship that's shaped like a treble clef. And he has to sing his heart out to destroy all evil.
Ehh, a little better than alright, actually. Really good!
Bobby! Bobbo! You're a rock opera guy, right? You like rock operas?
You gotta check out this thing I'm working on, it's really cool. There's this character Thomas Oregon, and he wants to destroy all the guitars in the world because he realizes that music is the one thing he can't control.
Evil! [chuckles.] although he's humanized in the end because he weeps uncontrolably and pees in his pants.
Me, I guess. [sings.] We're flying so high, we're crackin' the sky! Gonna fly out of this dome my girlfriend and I!
You're being a Thomas Oregon!
Don't need you to pay for me. I'm doing just fine, thank you. Why don't you quit harshing our mellow?
[to Waiter.] Excuse me. I would like to purchase two seats at another table, please.
then I'll take a table!
And a high five! [Raises hand, misses high five with waiter.] Oh, let's do this again!
[waiter is cracking pepper into Andys salad] Oh, yes indeed... When! [Waiter begins walking away.] Whoa, whoa, whoa! You forgot a few salads! [waiter peppers another salad.] When!
Hey... David Wallace!
Hey, how are you?
No, got canned last week.
No, best thing that ever happened to me.
Yikes!
can you believe this guy?
Not a joke. That was not even a joke.
I will! I will take all of those dogs!
No, no, no. This guy can talk and talk all he wants, but it's not that complicated.
No, no, no, it's about being there for someone after it's become inconvenient for them to be around. Hello everyone, I am Andy Bernard and I am going to take that bitch home! That is a female dog reference. [Points at himself] This bitch understands loyalty! Sassy human reference [grabs dog] thank you, I will take Bella and every single one of her friends!
Okay! Hope you all learned something!
I'm so ready to love all of these animals. This one's even bonding with me already.
Stupid dog.
[applying diaper to dog.] so it just goes on under here like this?
Ugh, oh god!
I am so great!
This is the greatest thing that has ever happened to me
You're right. he's right, I am a mess. This whole night I've been trying to convince you guys that I'm fine. I guess I thought that if I could convince you that I'm fine, maybe--
Yes! And also, focusing on the positive. Like I got a lot of good things going on!
Yeah, I do. I have that.
Yes, I am! Thank you, Kev!
Morning.
Somebody left in such a hurry this morning that she forgot these.
You know the only thing more delicious than your feet is the feast that I am going to prepare for everyone.
Whats this?
Is this Roberts attempt to embarrass me?
Why is it when other people spend all their time at the office, theyre rewarded for it, and when I do it, I am told its a little much? Is it because I am not an employee anymore, because thats what it feels like.
Lot going on guys. Whats happening?
That was a fine branch. Things are really bad under Robert California, I guess. Its like a festival of poo.
Uh, cherries jubilee over homemade gelato.
[Doing dishes] Sorry, not Jim.
Message received loud and clear. Just have to get the caramelized sugar off the pan before it dries.
I forgot, a a pan, uh 
Some bizarre energy in this place today. Robert is going off the rails, making some funky decisions. Like why is nobody gonna call on Prestige? That is a huge client. [walking to car] I mean, they could give their business to the first person to walk in the door. Could be any idiot. Any idiot at all.
Hello. Andy Bernard to see the C.E.O.
No, I do not.
Seriously? Cause I could just be anyone. I mean, I thought I was gonna have to convince you.
Im a former paper executive. I know the product. I know the margins. I can save you 25% on your costs.
No. Im a rogue.
Which is the best part. That means you will be my first customer and your business will get 100% of my attention. Now [pulls out business card] I have written down my personal phone number. You call this anytime.
Of course they have. Which is why Im giving you a key to my house. [gives key to C.E.O] Whatever you need  anytime, night or day  you just stop on by.
Maybe you just want someone to talk to. Maybe you need a place to crash for a couple of days. My wireless password is eat pray love. Easy to remember.
Yes, yes, yes!
[in car] You once put me on a list of the losers in the office. Well, this loser just got your biggest client to give him all their business. So hire me back, that business is yours. Dont, and I will find another buyer.
Its just business.
Whoa. Well I gave him a chance. [gets out of car, walks to house]
You got a minute?
I wanted to see if I could interest you in an investment. Dunder Mifflin.
Exactly. And you know better than anyone that with the right management it could be worth twice what you would pay for it today.
[wearing janitor outfit] Hi guys.
[whimpering] I'm- I'm good, thank you. And how are you?
Look, I'm not here to get my old job back. I had my opportunity, I blew it, I'm moving on. I just wanted to come in here and literally beg you for something, anything. I will sweep the floors, water the plants...
Clean the toilets.
Pull the poop out of the toilets.
Just, please...
Please!
Give me something!
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a delicious secret.
Yeah, it is actually.
Mmm, I can't hold it in any longer. Um, I am faking this, okay? Because I convinced David Wallace to buy Dunder Mifflin back from Sabre. And at three o'clock today he's gonna walk in here and reinstate me as manager.
This is getting more and more delicious by the minute. [gargles alcohol, chokes, coughs] It's go time.
Hey Nellie, I made soup - I made you some soup.
But it's really good- [drops soup] Oh!
A delicious moment.
Well, but it-
I just want you guys not to worry. 'Cause old Andy's gonna be just fine.
No. That is not the deal. Calibrate.
That's not true either! That's also total- Everyone, please relax. I think you're gonna like this surprise guest.
[his phone rings] Huh? Hold on.
I just gonna- quick- [answers phone] Hello? Hey, what's the scoop? Are you close? What? No. no, no, no, no, no. You have to come now. Traffic clears? No, next Friday... that's not gonna work. Okay. Yeah. Okay. [inhales, hangs up] Damn it! Well, this is not going to be quite as delicious as I wanted, but I do have a very tasty announcement for you guys. Not only am I not a lowly janitor, I am the regional manager once again! Guys, I got my old job back!
I'm not crazy. I convinced David Wallace to give me my job back.
Okay, yes, I see the confusion. I saw David at the fundraiser. He is now a multi-millionaire because he sold his toy vacuum 'Suck It' to the U.S. military.
I- I- Okay, I get how that sounds crazy.
Stop saying my name.
Thank you, Erin.
Erin, come- Come on. You know I've been talking to David Wallace.
Yeah, I know.
What? Thought I heard my name. What? I'm the new manager?
But it's- it is- it is me? Right?
What?
Oh my God!
Wow. From janitor to manager?
That's quite a Cinderella story. From M-O-P to M-V-P.
From total loss to total boss, I mean-
I was so looking forward to that and it did not... go as I thought it would.
Guess I'd better take off these dirty rags. Figure out how to be a manager of this place.
Gosh, I hope so.
Looks like I might get my delicious moment after all.
It would be rude of me not to let you say whatever's on your mind.
No.
Do not bring Shakespeare into this. How dare you play the bard card?
I just want one mother[bleep] delicious moment. Is that too much to ask?
If I were to hire you back. If. What do you think you would do well?
All right, you sly bastard. When can you start?
Gymnasts? You're going to seek out uneducated gymnasts?
Mm. Mm-hmm. [they hug, Robert kisses him on the lips]
Hey! Wow, I thought about this place a lot when I was on solo. Three days on a mountain, itll change you. The things we think we need. Clocks, yeah right!
Whatre you still doing here?
You know I had this really funny dream during Outward Bound that you died.
See me in my office later. The new guys, alright. Its Clark and, um
In Outward Bound it was all about nicknames. They called me Iceman. You will be called Plop.
Cause youre always taking dumps.
Come on, everybody defecates. Relax, Plop. And you will be called Fart cause you fart all the time.
No, Dwight Jr. Infinitely better. You guys look exactly alike. Dwight go stand next to him. This is insane.
Whoa! Mind blown. Its like father and son! Dwight, you cool if we call him Dwight Jr?
Dwight, Jr! [Dwight gives Clark a noogie]
David, outward bound was incredible. I was the best at slack lining, I ate a worm.
Yeah, I gotta go David. [hangs up phone] Why is Nellie still here?
Mm, then I will make up a cause.
Then forget I just told you that.
Now I know why Michael hated you so much.
I wanted to talk to you about our working relationship this year. Its going to be terrible.
No Im going to make sure that it is. And if it isnt, Im going to take immediate action to rectify that. Now, I dont like to throw around the b-word, but Im going to be a huge bitch to you.
Now this is called slack lining.
I set up the old slack line to teach the office the skills of focus and discipline. Or in the case of certain individuals, the skills of humiliation and looking really dumb.
If you make it all the way across, your confidence will soar. But, if you Toby out, then youll feel like a real Nellie. How about a hand, screw those guys. Now, these are my actual Outward Bound counselors, Rafe and Feather.
Thats me. The powder is for your protection, Feather has permanent athletes foot. Feather, show them how you dance upon the line of slack.
All right, whos next? Nellie?
Nonsense. Get up here.
Come on. Uh, are you gonna wear your heels?
Ok, sure. There ya go. Atta girl. Hey, alright. Whoa! [pushes Nellie off slack line] You suck. Alright, whos next? Darryl?
Dwight Jr? This looks like your speed.
Yeah, come on. Get up here. Just hop on up.
Focus on the horizon. [Clark successfully walks the slack line] Whoa! Look at this guy.
Hey, yes.
Alright. Let me show you how a real man walks across a flaccid cord.
Ooh! Who ordered the hot apple fail?
Well its official. Old Dwight is lame and New Dwight is cool.
There are two things that I am passionate about. Recycling and revenge.
[interrupting] Bugh, boring. All she talks about is chores.
Uh, correction, I give to a foundation that teaches homeless children nautical flag signaling. Changes lives.
I'm not doing it for you. I'm doing it for the preservation of nautical flag signaling.
[in his office] Clark wants to film you in different outfits inside his apartment?
[entering annex] Clark, you and I need to have a little chat. What clothes does Erin need for this news audition?
Really?
Thank god someone here knows what their talking about. I want you to take this credit card, take Erin to the mall and get that stuff.
Awesome. [to Pete] Plop!
Her body. We're gonna talk about her body. [to Darryl] Good. Great job.
[to a full conference room] Erin has an audition to be a newscaster. [general acknowledgement]
Uh-huh. And I want her to feel very comfortable in her very sexy skin. So, everybody say something that you like about her body. All right? Darryl.
Yeah, right?
Yeah.
News flash everyone. The human race finds attractive people more trustworthy.
She's gonna be amazing. Look at her. She's gonna light up the screen.
I love it. It's fantastic. Now, tag it with your name.
Pause after 'news'.
No, pause longer.
Pause, pause longer. OK? Builds suspense. Don't be shy.
Wha, it's-
OK. All right. Great. Some great stuff in there.
Yeah.
All right!
Nice.
[also as anchor] Wow. You know what they say Erin. If you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen.
He sure did.
Just, you sure Clark?
No, I just, I don't mean Erin. I mean for me. I didn't feel good about that.
I don't think we did get it. I could do, uh, a couple more takes. We could do it in close-up. That might even be better for editing.
All right.
Uh, Pete, you wanna take Erin to get a burger or something?
OK. [to Erin] I'll call you later.
[to Clark] So this is a single.
[yells] Nellie! Get your wrinkly old balls in here.
Executive-summary me. Hit the highlights.
As in...
[silently mouths] Wow!
This is super-flattering. She's the most popular person in America. This is a big day for both of us.
My fellow Americans, I have a feeling my approval rating is about to go through the roof. Turns out, I am related to Michelle Obama.
Alright! We gotta get rid of all this junk food. Get fit, America! Not sure if the buzz has reached the annex yet, but uh...I'm related to Michelle Obama.
There he is!
[shushing Jim] Ahhhthathathathathta. Right now I need canned tuna, okay? Darryl, guess which talented individual, who also has a killer singing voice, is related to the First Lady?
It's me! [chuckles] I am related to Michelle Obama.
I mean, it's distant, but...
Right?
Darryl said, Cool, man. He called me as cool man.
What's going on here? I'm related to the first lady, okay? Get over it. [chuckles] I still need weekly status reports from most of you, sooooo, can we get back to work, please? Get back to work! [Mimicks smacking everyone with a whipl].
Why? Is it employees day or something? I cannot keep track of these BS holidays.
Does anyone else think it's possible that I come from slave owners?
Hey mom, it's Andy. Give me a call when you get a chance gotta quick question for you, uhhhh no big deal just about America's national shame, thanks, Bye.
Great. Ooo! Spreadsheets! Yum, yum!
Huh huh huh. Look, I'm not gonna lie to ya, I'm a teensy bit distracted right now.
[snaps his fingers] Right on, brotha. Wurddd.
[to Erin]. Heyyy, has anyone turned in their status reports up here?
So, no? You think maybe you could remind people? I'm trying to down play the whole bossy boss thing today.
Not my slaves, my ancestors. Maybe. Probably not.
That youre learning a made-up language from HBOs Game of Thrones?  I have a lot going on today...but this was a great nerd-out!
Hi guys.
Yeah. You don't have to ask me.
Ha ha! Okay. Great. Very funny. I get it. Just because my ancestors happen to be[ringtone of Dixie plays].  Very funny, Kevin. Changed my ringtone. Very funny. I liked the original song on my ringtone, which, you may remember, was Diamonds on the Soles of Her Shoes by Paul Simon, featurinnnngg Lady SmithAfrican AmericanMambazo.
I've done a little genealogy research of my own. Turn out I'm not the only one with a few skeletons in the ol family closet. For example, Phyllis's great-great grandmother was responsible for spreading cholera to the United States.
Kevin is related to both John Wayne Gacy and John Wayne Bobbitt.
No. Not that I see here.
You mean Dwayne? And no. What about Jim Halpert? Uh oh! Turns out, distant relative of the reviled, Richard Nixon!
Dwight's grandfather was a[is interrupted by Dwight].
I was gonna say he was a tax evader.
And Meredith is a blood relative of Lizzie Borden.
No, I'm proving a point, okay? We all have ancestors who may have done horrible things in the past. But it's in the past and its not our fault. So we don't have to talk about it.
Might've done. And how do you figure?
You know, there's nothing wrong with being successful in America, Oscar! I'm not gonna apologize for my family's wealth. That wealth, could one day benefit society...if capital gains are ever taxed as the same rate as earned income.
We merely transported them. Which at worst, makes us amoral middlemen.
Yo, d-dog. I need your help. I'm trying to think of things I can say that make it sound like I had a more difficult childhood than I actually had.
Exactly. Help me po mouth, Darryl.
What if I said that my dad beat me. And, I just left out the croquet of it all. Or, I could just go all the way and just say I grew up in an apartment. Or is that too crazy?
You now, Darryl, this is textbook assistant regional manager stuff here, and I feel like I'm doing all the heavy lifting. I'm coming up with all the ideas here.
[with a sigh] Okay.
I like that guy. We should hook him up with Meredith.
Alright everybody, great season of softball, I'm super proud of you guys and I think you're gonna like this little highlight reel that I put together. [Andy plays video]
A blooper reel? What is this, 2005? I look like Bob Saget? Fail! [Points to video] Who's this guy?
[Darryl runs in slow motion on video]
Can't take the fail? Get out of the fail video!
Well, I worked with what I had, Oscar. Next time do more failure stuff, OK?
Oh that wasn't...that didn't work. That was not the right..[Group protests]
That was not a fail.
[Group continues chanting Fail!]That was actually a serious accident that could have resulted in severe bodily harm. [Group keeps chanting] You're all failing right now. [Group continues] Congratulations on your epic fail of the use of the word fail! [Group claps and chants]
Um, OK I'm just walking into this. Am I to understand there is a bee hive in the wall?
I was just asking a question, Toby. How are you not murdered every hour?
Fine. I will give you one minute.
You have one minute and your minute has begun and no time will be added at the end, even to accommodate this sentence with all of it's baroque dependent clauses and cascading turns of phrase.
A baby what? A human?!
Oh.
Oh, OK. And fall right into your plagiarism entrapment scheme? I don't think so.
And I happen to notice you're down to about thirty seconds here.
And those sand grains are tumbling..
With fury...
Down the sides..
Of the hourglass..
Time's up!
Sure.  I'll read her letter. And if she tells the truth about how evil and unfit to be a mother she is, then yeah. I'll sign that.
Ladies and gentlemen, I have heard your complaints and we reached a settlement.
Whoa!
Yo. Dudeces.
Alright! The fat people have spoken! Dwight, get this bus moving.
Dunder Mifflin road trip twenty twelve! [group takes pictures] Ah OK, now a serious one.
Banana cream is the first to go.  We'll be lucky to get pumpkin at this point! [group gasps]
Who is it?
Yeah. Perfect time. I'm right in the middle of a rooftop crisis. [takes paper from Nelly] Fine, let me read it. What do we have here? Uh, ok, [reading] blah blah blah blah blah, dah dah dah dah dah dah, you've made this very easy for me. It's unsignable.
It's inaccurate, dishonest and...in a word? Dongwater.
Here's the thing, you asked me to do you a favor? I did it. I read it. Thank you very much to me for my time.  Good luck with your impossible dream.
[To Pete. Crying sounds come from behind Nelly's curtain] British women. Famously overemotional. Am I right?
What?
I changed my mind. [gives Nelly papers]
Yeah. Not as is, obviously. Made a couple changes. Added some sentences at the end. Trust me it needed it. [laughs] Well, yeah, whatever. So. [walks away]
My name is Andy!
I don't do drugs!
Now check the style!
Of Flatt & Scruggs!
A jitterbug. [giggles] You guys look great! Just a reminder. The party is right after lunch, so make sure you get all your work done before that or throw it out. Any questions?
Not a question.
Excellent. That reminds me, has anyone seen Treble? Anyone? I could have sworn I saw some Treble somewhere.
Oh, ladies and gentlemen, Here Comes Treble!
Aaah! [everyone clapping] So good!
My Cornell a capella group.
Yah! ah. Okay. Ha ha ha ha. But you have no idea how lucky you are because HCT is doing a set at our halloween party.
Atta boy Clark!
No. Nope. Nope nope nope. Stay away.
You know what I just realized? They might actually call me up to solo on George Michaels Faith. That was one of my signature songs. Oh, man. That would be insane. Im so not prepared.
Ruh duh duh da dudes! Whats up?
I know that its pathetic to re-live your college years, but cut me some slack, Okay? Because I was a freaking rock star in college. When I joined Here Comes Treble, thats when I became somebody. When I got the nickname 'Boner Champ,' that is when I became me.
You didnt come here to sit in a room, right? You came here for some intergenerational bro time. Well, nows your chance! Im here. You got Qs; I got As.
No, I dont have AIDS. Thats not what I said. Next question.
You dont have any-- Any questions about the old days? [clears throat] You at least want to know why they call me Boner Champ?
Im sorry, what?
Broccoli Rob was Broccoli Rob. Andy Bernard is the Boner Champ.
I was just talking to some of the actives, and they think that youre Boner Champ.
Did you maybe tell them that or...?
Could you just call them and tell them the truth? 'Cause I know its really stupid, but its also really, really, really important.
Love you too.
Yo! Bad boys of a capella.
Heard any good stories lately? Or new twists on old stories?
Did he tell you how I got the name?
Spring sing 95. Got completely ripped on Bud Dries. I had sex with a snowman. I just went at that thing. Cold would have stopped most people but I stayed locked in, you know. Took the face off. It just seemed easier that way.
They didnt know about the snowman story, and when I told em, they were not impressed.
Right?
Ladies and gentlemen, Here Comes Treble!
Oh Man! [clapping]
No. Do not sing that. Do not... Oh man...
Whoa! Whoa! What the hell is Broccoli Rob doing here?
Thats my signature song.
Russell, Im dressed like George Michael.
Wha...?
Shut up, Broccoli.
You thought I wanted to sit in the audience like some slutty Treb rat? A mans signature solo is his for life, okay? Thats group policy and you know it.
Just dont do the song anymore.
Fine, go ahead. Thrash your pipes.
I knew you would go there, you son of a bitch!
OK, fine, yeah. thats one guys opinion!
Doesnt mean youre the best singer ever. Dick.
This is all so silly right? What am I gonna do? Move back to Cornell?
I mean, what if we did that? Like we got jobs and we were happy all the time?
Duh. I know. That would be insane.
It could totally work though. I dont know why we wouldnt. Oh my god are we doing this?
If I am not Boner Champ, I dont know who I am.
Make a donation.
Yes. I am gonna make a donation. And it just so happens that I know someone who works at the Bernard Family Foundation. Her name is mom.
[on phone] Mom, I had this really charitable idea to set up this scholarship for a capella kids at Cornell and just need to wire some money over there. [pause] What?
My parents are broke.
Alright, good. Yeah. Just sell it and get the best price you can, okay?
White, I'm not a day trader, I'm just a first responder in a disaster.
Are the 'Nard's hurting? Yeah, you bet. Got kicked pretty hard. Family shattered, super sad. But, I'm kinda crushing it in the damage control department. So, that's cool. I wish my dad could see me now. Of course he caused this whole mess, so, [bleep] him.
Yeah. He's in rehab actually.
No, it's in New Mexico.
We're done Meredith.
Alright, guys. A lot of assets here that my dad couldn't steal.  Now, first of all, there is the family boat. 43 foot Tartan Sloop. My lawyer has lined up a buyer in the Bahamas, the sale would cover the cost of a condo and living expenses for my mom.
Totally, except it is a no go. This boat was the heart and soul of the family. So...what else we got? Non-boat ideas. [Oscar looks outside conference room at Kevin and Angela at the copier]
Alright, what's the grand total? Did we make our nut?
Guys, you don't understand, this boat's been in our family since before I was born.
Alright, uh...alright. I'm gonna tell the lawyer to pull the trigger on the boat.
Yes the boat means everything to my family, but we need the money. Got the memories, don't need the boat. Can't cry about it.  What are you gonna do? Cry about it? [chokes up] Excuse me.
Uh, did you need something?
Ok. [signs paper] thanks.
Look, it's not that I don't want-
All I ever wanted to do was sail the damn thing. But dad wouldn't let me. Said You can't be a skipper until you're a man. You know, I'd reach for the wheel and he'd smack my hand away. Well guess what? Now I'm the man of the family and... we're selling the damn thing. So I'm never gonna have the chance.
Tonight.
Yeah right. It's in Stamford, Connecticut. We have to leave like right now.
Yeah, ok.
Seriously?
Alright.
Let's do it.
That's the family boat!
Right?
Sorry?
Sure, I um..I didn't know.
Ok.
Geez, a little bit. [to boat] How you doing old buddy? Missed you.
It raises the main sail. That was my job when we went sailing.
Really?
[Begins raising sail] Up she goes!
Oh, it's OK. My girlfriend and I were actually gonna take her for a little spin and a picnic before you guys head out tonight. You know what? Get some dinner on me.
You got it. You know what then, we'll just take it for a quick little spin around the harbor. [begins raising sail, boat guy slaps his hand]
You know what? Chill, ok? I own the boat. Not gonna sue myself. Alright, so just- [Raises sail, guys slaps hand again] wow.
Ok, fine.
Yeah, fine.
Good stuff. Nice stuff. [begins raising sail again when guy leaves, but he comes back and smacks Andy's hand again] [bleep] Damn it! Screw you dad! ..ah.
I've had a thousand picnics on this boat. The point was for me to sail it.
Fine. But I could have.
I am the captain.
Right?
I'm the captain. [to boat guy] Hey, charm school.
I'm taking it over from here.
Yeah, I know cause I'm sailing it there.
Fine. Good. Keep it. Just leave the supplies, I paid for those. But how much for that cool fisherman sweater?
Yeah. Yeah I know how to hoist the mail sail, I know to...I, I, these buttons control boat pumps and stuff. I also know where the booze stash is. So, hello.  [Opens door, Andy's brother is passed out inside] Walt?
I thought you were in rehab.
I didn't.  I, I just came to say goodbye to the boat.  But I've decided to sail it to Bermuda.
Same thing. [To Walt] Come on. I need a crew. You should be my crew. Three weeks, open ocean, no booze. You need this. I need it, we need this. Serious bro time, come on.
Alright guys, cast us off. Walt, all aboard! Erin, this is because of you.  Do you realize that? You're the best ever!
[pulling away from dock] Good? Come on. Above and beyond. World's Greatest. You did this! Dammit I'm happy!
[waving from boat] I'll see you in three weeks!
No way!
Erin I gotta go![Walt begins playing] Them's my chords!
[on computer screen] Ah, what else? Ive seen Dirty Dancing like, ten times.  Breaks my heart every time, you know?
That Swayze sure can dance dirty.
No, Walter J has been hoarding it. You want to worry about a part of my body, worry about my eyes.  Theyre like two flaming meatballs in my skull.
[on computer] Check this out. Keeps my hair out of my stare, also helps me combat the glare bear. Thats what I call the sun now.
What else can I show you? Oh, damn it!
Yeah, it was. Thats okay though. I got this cool desalinator device. It sucks up sea water through this hose and pumps out fresh water. See, check it out.  Ow!
Ah! Thats not good. I better sign off. I hate to get going. I mean these skype sessions are, like, the only thing that keep me sane out here, you know? [laughs crazily]
[on computer] I will leave you with this. The image of a man and his boat. Burn this into your brains.
No. No! Nooo! [computer falls into ocean]
[in his office doorway, bearded and unkept] Hi Dwight.
Well, well, well, look who it is.
I guess I can cancel my order from Zappos.com because, oh, the loafers have arrived.
Hey! Sweetheart! [approaches Erin] I have missed you so much.
[attempting to hug Erin as she resists] I have been dreaming of this moment.
Well, Valentine's surprise for Erin.  Hello? Super romantic. And I got you something. [removes wooden instruments from bag] Oh, it's a couple of pieces of bamboo. Big deal, right? No. These are musical instruments. It's so we can play island music together. Cause I have this. [removes giro and begins playing and singing] Clop the cloppers. Yeah, clop 'em. It's called Bembe. [sings while Kevin echoes]
Obviously, that's why I'm here. I mean, I came back early to surprise Erin. Happy Valentine's Day, sweetheart. [tries to embrace Erin but she begins playing cloppers] But, I'm just saying, I'm also excited about the Wallace meeting.
I have no idea. I don't know what he knows or doesn't know. But we've been in touch the whole time. I mean, it's not hard to get high-speed internet in Turks de Caicos, people. It's in every Bembe cafe.
Question. Where's Jim?
For two hours? Really?
If the shoe fits. [plays giro and sings, Kevin echoes]
I noticed that you landed the Scranton White Pages account. That is tremendous.
And you sold it to Jan too.
I mean... I'm impressed.
Well, there's one problem. Couldn't help but notice that you offered a price point that was not approved by the head office. So... gotta run that stuff by me, Dwight.
I was...
That...
OK. The issue is that you need to run this stuff by me. Coolio? Are we coolio? [Dwight resists] Just say the word 'coolio'.
Say it.
Coolio.
Just gonna call the Scranton White Pages and clear this right up.
Hey, Jan. Nard dog here.
I was just looking over the paperwork. I found a little hiccup.
Yeah. It appears my employee offered you a price that he was not authorized to.
No. No, no, no Jan I think you misunderstood.
It, it's, it's actually just an issue...
Jan, I don't know what he's talking about but...
Well, ah, ah...
Aw! That was not how I had hoped that would go.
[approaching Accounting] Hey, everybody, great job. [to Angela] Listen, we're a smidge behind on my paychecks.
All right. Thank you very much. [examines checks] Looking good. [after noticing something on Angela's desk] Who's that little fella?
Wow, that's wonderful!
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh... [after awkward pause] Uh-huh. [Angela hands him the bonus check] Thank you. Great. Well, we're all up to speed.
[appears approaching group, shaved and in a suit] What's going on in here, dirty players? Let's get back to busting some paper rhymes. Come on. [singing] Who's that girl? Who's that girl? It's Andy! [resumes talking] All right. Back to work.
I need you guys to tell me all the highlights from the last three months in case David asks. Just a few things I could sprinkle into conversation. Any big sales or office gossip.
Not helpful. Let's stay positive, people. OK?
Hey! David! How are ya? Ah, we were just having our weekly round table where we motivate each other. Not gonna lie, I get as much out of it as they do.
Thank you.
Great!
[whispering] We had to let a warehouse guy go?!
What?!
There was a fire in the warehouse?
This is what I'm talking about! This would be good to know. All right, what else?
What?!
No kidding?
Wow. Go Kathy. She's like 50.
Good, good. What else?
Who knew the balloon game would be so lucrative? And thank god, right? We needed the income after the fire.
The warehouse fire. Weren't you just down there? It's like burnt to ashes.
[catches on to the ruse] I am speaking metaphorically, of course. You know I have lots of irons in quote-unquote fire. Well, that's one of them. You know, making sure that the warehouse logistics is a well-oiled, properly-stoked fire.
I think you'll agree I explained that pretty well.
Thank you.
Yeah, I guess.
Yeah, it just sort of sounds like noise to me now. You think I need a new fish?
What?
OK, I get it. You're unhappy. I've been gone a long time and we lost a little bit of juju. But, you and me, we have a future. There is a lot of love here.
On your side. But there's tons on my side. It's gushing. We're just out of sync right now. But that's just timing, it's timing. I mean, my parents lasted 38, 40 years. They were never happy at the same time.
I mean, what do we have left? 35, maybe 40 years? If we're lucky. I mean, I have spent a lot of time in the sun.
I'm gonna be a prune in like, 3 years.
I know you may not be feeling love for me right now but, if you fake it, I won't be able to tell the difference. So, I'll feel good. And then, eventually, maybe, you'll actually start to love me again.
Yes. [hugs Erin] Come on. Totally.
I resent that. I, I never lied to you.
And all was good in Scranton PA that day.
Oscar says hi all the time. He says all kinds of greetings. Hi Hello Hola You're telling me you've never heard Oscar say hi?
But you're calling me a liar.
By the way, that reminds me, I want to ask you about some of the lies you've been telling lately.
Oh, here we go, January seventh 2013. [Reading from phone] Hey Andy, all's well. Been meaning to make it down there but my wife's sick. Well, which is it?! Is all well or is your wife sick?! BUSTED!
This has been a really tough time.
Yeah.
Erin just dumped me and I can't remember any of the aha moments I had on the boat, and I know it sounds weird to say but I really miss my beard.
It was like a security blan-
-ket
You're not?
That's awesome.
David, I'll be there for you. These five words I swear to you. When you breathe, I want to be here for you. I'll be there for you. That's a poem by J.B. Jovi. I want you to have it.
Crystal.
Vanilla. [David looks confused] Vanilla Ice. It was a band.
Good morning.
And how are you on this fine- [chokes up, runs into office and slams door pulling the blinds closed]
[Crying] Ok, we ready? [cut] Don't use that part. Last week, Erin told me that our relationship would be proceeding without me. Now I have to see her everyday at work. Which is...brutal. When people say office relationships are a good idea, they never talk about what might happen if you break up.
[Moaning from office] Ahhh! Oooooh! ahh
Where are you going?
Wha? Oh, burn. [laughs, Angela and Dwight move to leave.] Uh, excuse me. What, everyone can just leave whenever they want now?
I'm still the boss!
The answer is yes.
Are they from you?
Well then, I don't want them. You can keep 'em. In fact, you can keep that big blue Nautica sweater, I know how much you love it.
Nope, I insist upon it. It's an awesome sweater. Some great memories tied up in that thing.
I don't want to talk about work right now.
Then I want my big blue sweater back.
She got rid of it. My blue sweater. What is that about?
Stay! We are in the bro-zone layer. Ok? Nard dog, Plop and Clarker Posey, AKA Clarkwork Orange. Here's the sitch: Erin dumped me, natch. But she got rid of my blue sweater, which was her favorite. Is she moving on a little fast, or am I being a total psycho? Plop, you go first.
Survey says: ENH! Doesn't make me feel better at all. Zero Clark Thirty, what do you got?
Last night I ordered a pizza by myself and I ate it over the sink like a rat.
No.
May not seem like it, but this really helped. So, thank you. [Andy leaves]
Why doesn't Erin seem sad? Has she found someone new or something? And if so, why hasn't she told me? Is she trying to spare my feelings? During breakups, the mind goes to some crazy dark places.
I'm not snooping, there's just some crud on her screen.
Uh, hello! Who's snooping on who now?
Everyone please, just-
Oh my god.
Darryl, Clark, Toby, Kevin, Plop. Take a knee. Alright, you guys are gonna think I'm psycho again. Uh, couldn't shake this feeling that Erin's dating someone so I looked at her phone.
Too late. I found out she's been texting a guy named Pete. Does anybody know a Pete?
Come on in. Have a seat. Uh, thanks for coming in, I just gotta get something off my chest. I just got some really weird news and uh, I'm just gonna come out and say it. I just got off the phone with my doctor, and it turns out I contracted [reading computer screen] shlmydia...from Erin. And it's incurable. Pretty lame huh?
I knew it!
You and Erin are fuhhhhhhherraaaaa!
No overlap? Great. Good. Wow. This is suddenly so easy. Guess what? You're fired!
Yeah. You. Are. Fired! One of the perks of being boss. I can fire anyone who steals my girlfriend. And wow, that turns out to be you. Yup. Sorry. [singing] So you had a bad day-
..The camera don't lie!
You're being an idiot get..
Out of my office, turns out you're fired...
Because you suck.
And you're fired...
So you had a bad day...
Rut ti doh doh...
Rut tit doh doh...
Rut ti doh doo doh
No.
Nellie was a professional grudge. This is a purely personal grudge.
They already have a contract? [Reading] Mutually agree to- Ah, every phrase is like a dagger in my crotch.
Well, I'm not signing away my rights.
Ok, well we'll see about that. [crumples paper]
Thank you! Thanks, thanks a lot. Really appreciate it. You guys are supposed to have my back. OK? Instead you let a guy named Plop steal my girlfriend.
Ugh.
That doesn't matter. Ok? What matters is that I am hurt! Deep hurt inside of me. I don't care if they're Romeo and freaking Juliet! I feel like the guy that Juliet dated before Romeo. Probably her boss. And guess what? Juliet's boss also had feelings.
What?!
[wipes nose] Sorry.
My whole life is a booger bubble!
Kinda painful to chat with you Pete. Ever since the old one-two punch to my scrotum pole. Translation: penis. Translation? My manhood.
Great advice. Thank you, you can leave now.
Awesome perspective. Thanks for butting in.
Yeah, so life gives you lemons and you've just gotta eat them, rinds and all. And if you don't want to eat them? Your ex-girlfriend will shove them down your throat with the help of her hunky new boyfriend. So that's fun.
Hi.
Hi, how's it going?
Wow this sure is intense. Having to share a workspace with someone you used to get it on with?
Awkward.
[high pitched] Really uncomfortable situation.
It's alright Pete, you can handle it. I mean we all just gotta move on. Ain't that right professor lecture much? Uh, question. How's that medicine taste? Your own flavored? Is it just me or have these tables turned? Hmm. Hmm. [leaves]
Hey, love turds. Conference room, now.
Thank you all for coming in. Just wanted to check in. How is everyone's day?
Really? Hmm. That's interesting. Because Erin and Pete thought it wouldn't be weird at all. Why do you think it was weird, Gabe? Maybe because you and Erin used to be an item?
And Alice, uh, I understand you once dumped Pete, ouch.
We'll get to that. Gabe, did Erin ever tell you that she loves you?
Alright, yes. That is a legitimate question. Does making Erin and Pete feel bad make me feel better? [Erin & Gabe and Alice & Pete argue in background] Yeah. Yeah, it does.
Wow, you're right. It is just about the cupcakes.
[exits office, chewing] Oh my god. I forgive him so much. [Kevin begins making choking sounds] Whoa, is he choking?
Last night? Oh, god, um, I don't know. [cuts to him arm wrestling Kevin] Na, nothing really. Kevin?
I'm not, a... I'm just. I don't know. [cuts to him spinning a plate like a record and Kevin dancing] Oh. Gosh. I actually. It is hard to recall. Um. [cuts to he and Kevin sitting on a table touching each others face] Pretty normal night.
Yeah. I didn't see you last night at all. [cuts to him dancing by prostrate Kevin]
What?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute. Why is Phyllis so aroused?
Well there you go. That's muy caliente.
Excuse me, dirty birdie [takes Phyllis' iPod]
You can have this back at the end of the day.  [cut to Andy listening to the iPod and looking aroused, water is dumped on him] Oh!!
Guys, are you reading the online comments? Somebody commented on my banjo playing. Banjo at 0:19 is aight Internet, calm down! I must be really connected with this guy.  I mean that's the guy's name, right? ChobbleGobbler?
Of course there are!
People, relax! We are killing it online. Have you guys checked the comments? SmokeThatSkinwagon says: You guys are killing it! I mean, we're internet sensations guys!
Oh! Seven new comments. The guy at 0:19 is hawt! [typing] Hi Bongripper, it's me, Andy. The guy from 0:19, I'm glad that you enjoyed my work in that promo. I really enjoyed your comment, going to read some more comments now. Have a great day![reading] He's not hawt, he's gay. [typing] Dear JasonJasonJason, it's me, Andy. Nice name. Not! Guess what? I'm not gay! So you are an IDIOT. And I am hawt, according to people on this site who have a brain. Never comment on this page ever again. [reading] He is hawt! See, thank you, that's more like it. He is butt. God dammit! I'm about to lose my FREAKING MIND! Screw you TexasPoonTappa! Uh!
[on video] Hey! TexasPoonTappa and JasonJasonJason and all the rest of you haters out there! Check this out. [plays banjo, screen types out you suck my nutz from TexasPoonTappa, camera zooms out to reveal Nellie]
Huh? Yeah, see ya. [sees comment] Oh! What?! [starts crying]
Red alert! Red alert! The reviews are in! I repeat, the reviews are in.
I just got a text from my brother. Scranton Times Tribune.com. Theres a review of the documentary!
I dont know, Phyllis! I just got the text and started screaming, Red Alert.
I think we should.
Its okay. [chuckles] The hell does he know?
I want you to print that out for me.
Now that this documentary is coming out, my days at Dunder Mifflin are probably limited. And you know what? Good. Because this is not what I wanted to do with my life. I wanted to be my generations Lisa Loeb.
Hello, William Morris Agency. I need to speak with your best agent who represents your biggest stars. Yes, Ill hold. Im sorry. I misunderstood. Goodbye. [hangs up phone]
Yeah, come on in. Im just on hold with another talent agency. Its insane. This promo with me playing banjo has 250 views already. And every time I click, theres more. 251. 252. I cant even keep up!
[grunts intensely] I hate people! Why do they never do what you need them to do? Stanley has to go. Thats final.
Yes! Im sorry Im being curt, its just Im about to land a top talent agent.
[on the phone] Directory? Movie Star department. Back. Directory.
Huh, yeah. [chuckles] I mean, Im happy Angelas the first one getting famous, but its a little weird, no? I mean, she cant sing or act, so its actually kind of insane, if you think about it.
Yeah, we get it, Phyllis, she looks like a freakin movie star! [kicks trash can]
Come on!
Carla Fern is not just an actors agent. She does writers, directors, travel, and real estate.
Actor?
Yeah, wow, cool. Is it hard to train them to do that?
Does anything go on top of the mouse?
Aw, thats cute.
Whats the mouses name?
[Australian accent] Well, what cant I do? Right, I can sing, I can dance, I can play the banjo, innit? And if you hadnt noticed, Ive got a pretty good British accent.
At the risk of sounding arrogant, I did drive myself here.
My exact age is 28 to 34, so basically just send me out on whatever Jake Gyllenhaals going out on.
: Yes. And yes. [chuckles]
Whereas that is not why I have entered show business, I do understand that you have to build credibility. [sniffs] Im all for it.
Well, at least I tried. Thank you very much.
You are? Yes! Yes. Are you being for real right now? Oh, man. Ah, yes! I need this so bad. I really think this is what could fix me.
Most talent agents take 10% of whatever jobs they get you, but with Carla you pay a flat rate of $5,000 up front. And that includes headshots.
It doesnt include headshots.
Well, of course not, because that would be insane if it did. Still getting a bargain, though.
[Reading from script] Be careful of that beaker, it contains dangerous acid!
Well I'm just trying to bring some life to it.
Last week I got an agent and uh, this week I got a movie. HRPDC chemical handling protocols.  It's gonna be seen by tons of workers in the industrial chemical community. One of whom could have a cousin whose brother's Brad Pitt.  And boom, next thing you know, I'm in Moneyballs Two.
Go away, we're running lines.
Oh yeah. Alright, get over here. I am so freaked out by things going into eyes. I just- wow. [moves to lift Toby's eye patch] Uggggh! I can't even, I'm so freaked out by that, just go. Go go go go go.
Yeah, Ok. [Closes door] Alright. Where were we?
And remember:  Do not attempt to extinguish a chemical fire with water. You will only exacerbate the flame. The dangerous flame.
W-w-w-wait. Stop stop stop. Don't go anywhere.  I just need to find more colors. Let's do it six more times.
Heads up everyone. If you really need something from me today, let's get it done tomorrow.  Carla Fern got me a gig.
Yeah.
Who is Carla Fern? Well, wow. Uh, she's my agent and my drill sargent. And one of my best friends. Oh, and Oscar, I already figured it out. If I have to get emotional in the film, I'm just going to think about you getting dumped by the Senator.
Little raw. Not cool Oscar.
Not cool.
No. He's- I mean, you've never acted in anything before. He's just my entourage.
That's the cleaky clacker! He clicks that and then the guy says action.
I guess it's starting. Um, yeah.  Of course. Yeah sure.  Tell you what. I'll put my arm around you and then I can take it-
Got it. [lowers head to show hair, but keeps looking up just as she tries to take the picture]
Sorry.
[Happily] This video is to demonstrate the HPRDC chemical handling protocols. These protocols could save you from severe injury, even death.
Just made a character choice to be a scientist who really likes what he does and enjoys his job.
So how do you want, how should I do it?
[ridiculous news voice] This video is to demonstrate the HPRDC chemical handling protocols.
It's Tom Brokaw, it's a newscaster.
Tom Brokaw!
Which is insanely painful.
And I've already picked a few childhood memories to tap in to, to really express that pain.
So I just lean over this thing and then you'll add the water special effect later?
I'm not comfortable doing my own stunts. I'll get nude if you want me to, I'll go full Lena Dunham but I-
Darryl, what do I do?
They want me to use real water in the eye wash scene.
I can't squirt stuff in my eyeball.  I've never even used an eye dropper.
Carla! Carla!
She yelled at me. I can't wash my eyeball. I can't do that. I can't.
Do you believe in me?
[doing eyewash] AHHH! AHHH! AHHH! AHHH!!
I can do a better one.
I said I can do a better one. Darryl...
[eyewashes again] AHH! AHH! AHH!
Yeah! Yeah.
Hey. Which tie makes me look like a guy who likes sofas? My agents putting me up for a furniture commercial.
Totally, right? So, Big Tuna, whats up? Back in the small pond?
Thin-sliced tuna. Carpaccio. Go on.
Tell me about it, you know? Ive been trying to act and manage this branch. Half the time I dont know if Im wearing my stage makeup or my work makeup.
David Walrus, in his native habitat.
Yeah.
Im gonna stop you right there. David, this documentary is going to air in two weeks. I feel like its a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to pursue my dream.
Every minute that I spend here is time not spent making audition videos for reality dating, cooking or singing shows. I got a real shot here. And Ill never be able to forgive myself if I blew it because I was too focused on my stupid paper company job. No offense.
At my last head shot sitting, I was so distracted wondering what I was missing at work that I came across totally manic. And I was going for zany.
Well, no, actually. I see no reason to limit myself to just acting. I am pursuing fame of any kind. Could be singing, could be dancing. I dontit just I owe it to myself and my future fans.
Thank you, David.
Nope. I have made up my mind. Im really sorry.
Thank you. Not gonna need it.
Everyone, a little breaking news for ya. Just had a little chat with David Wallace. And, um, Im taking a leave of absence from Dunder Mifflin, forever.
I wasnt fired. What are you talking about? Im fired up, yes. Guys, ImIm leaving to pursue my lifelong dream of being famous.
Yeah, so, Ill see you on the red carpet. See, thats how it works.
Im 38, Darryl, how much slower should I go?
All right. I get it.
The male is a funny species. We dont just tell each other how we feel, thats chick stuff. So instead of saying, Hey, Andy, I love you, man. I dont want you to leave. You say something like, Hey, Andy, youre making the worst mistake of your life. Youre not talented. Well right back at you, Darryl.
[hugs Darryl] Im gonna miss you too. Mmm!
Its now or never.
Yeah, sure. Whats your question?
Well, its better than sticking around here and half-assing it, right?
Nah. I like my plan better.
What?
Well, hello.
Big day for you.
Love the belt.
You know, I dont know anything about karate but I have broken a few boards in my day. Diving boards, at my family pool in Redding. I was an obese child. I never talk about that here, but Nard-dogs outta here, so letting it all hang out!
Thank you, I appreciate that. Cause a lot of people are saying I might not make it.
No, I just applied for more overdraft protection.
[cockney accent] Nothing is impossible to him who will try. [normal] Alexander the Great, if he were cockney.
Im gonna make it. Every person that has been on Conan has a crazy story about how they made it. Every person.
Erin. Honest Erin, cannot tell a lie. We lay together. Thats something you cant take back.
Will you tell me bluntly, do you think I am making a terrible mistake quitting my job to become an actor?
Thank you. [steps into conference room]
Thank you. [leaves]
Hey, everybody, I changed my mind. Not leaving. Im gonna stay on in sales.
Okay.
Death of a salesman.
Sure, Death of a Salesman by Arthur Miller, its a great play about crushed dreams.
[sits at Dwights desk] Got any hot leads?
Brava, brava.
How did I just abandon my dreams so quickly? Its cause I had a fallback. Thats the problem. When you have fallbacks, its just easy to give up. When Cortez landed in Mexico, only way he got his men to defeat the Aztecs was by burning all of his own boats. So they could never return home. Huge dick move but very effective. I need to be that same kind of dick to myself.
Everyone! Changed my mind again.
Uh, dream. Goin with my dream. Gotta go all in, isnt that right, Jim?
All in! Whoo!
Toby! Hey, I changed my mind again. I am gonna leave Dunder Mifflin to pursue acting after all.
Yeah, but heres the thing. I cant have good old Dunder Mifflin to fall back on or else Ill never succeed. Gotta burn those boats! So I need you to go into my file and put down that I was fired for theft and/or groping wieners.
Seriously?
Come on, just do it.
All right, fine, just know that you made me do this. [starts touching Tobys thighs]
God, Toby, dontstop blocking my hand.
This is youryou brought this on.
Okay, all right. Groped you good. Off to Hollywood!
David. I lost the Scranton White Pages account. Do you have any idea how much paper that is? And Id just like to point out, I was mad at Dwight. I did it out of spite.
What if I told you that I hate you and I hate this company?
Just stop forgiving me, David, please? This is my last chance to honor what is best inside myself. What if I took a dump on your new car?
Eleanor Roosevelt once said the future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. [clip of him flipping off David Wallace] I think shes right. [clip of David Wallace yelling at Andy to get out] I feel calm now. [clip of Andy taking a dump on a car] I feel, like, for the first time in a long time, Im doing the right thing.
Yeah.
Uh, heavy stuff like books on the bottom. So it dont squash my knickety-knacks on top.
Wow. Angela. What we had was great, and, honestly I think about it a lot too
But I justits in the past. And I feel like we shouldnt
Rehash
Exactly.
Thanks, Angela. You too.
A-bridge, a-burnt. No turning back now. Everybody, Lorelai and I would like to say thank you and goodbye the only way we know how.
Tuna, Im a performer. And perform I shall. [sings I Will Remember Youeveryone is slightly impressed]
Hello, good morning. My name is Andrew Bernard. You might know me from a TV documentary thats premiering tonight. I also killed it in local theater and I am fresh off of a hot industrial flick.
Yes!
Well, burned all my bridges at Dunder Mifflin, and time to become the next American Idol. By winning Americas Next A Cappella Sensation. On channel TBD. Its a really cool show, its like a revision of the whole American Idol, Voice, Sing-Off phenomenon. On this show, all three judges are mean!
This is really huge. This is like the March on Washington but for a singing show. Can you imagine if Martin Luther King were here? And sang I Dreamed a Dream from Les Mis? With that baritone? That would be historic.
No!
No, this is my time! You dont belt on my time! I belt on my time.
[vocalizing over her] Casey Dean!
Yeah.
Andy. Whats yours?
Hmm? Um, uh, locking in my starting note. A 440.
A cappella is all about pitch, and I am nothing if not a total pitch bitch.
Theres a mole?
What mole? What are you talking about? I already forgot about it.
Yeah! Pour some Sugar Ray on me!
I dont know where it came from.
Yeah. Yeah, it felt good. It felt funny.
I did, I felt it.
Great, more screen time for the war vet. All you gotta do is risk your life for this country and everyone goes gaga for you.
What?
Is this a show about the resiliency of the human spirit? Or is it a show about singing?
Me too. Hold my place in line.
They want feel-good stories? Wait until they get a good feel of me.
Hey, whats goin on over here? Some sort of singing competition for the younguns?
No, its me, Andy!
No, no, no. Im wearing makeup.
Oh, I took out my lifts.
Yeah, unlike Andy Bernard, this character is my real height.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, what?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You cant do that. You cant do that, weve all been waiting.
I am going in there! Dont
Dontdont
Dont touch me.
[interrupting contestant singing Beautiful by Christina Aguilera] Hi. Youre still here. Oh, thank god. Clay Aiken, Santigold, Aaron Rodgers. Youre like, my three favorite people ever.
[shushing contestant] Sweetheart, youre amazing, okay? Youre obviously gonna be on the show, so its someone elses turn now. Yeah, go ahead. All right, [old man voice] my name is Ezra Cornell and Im just a kindly old fellow with a song in my heart.
Busted. Yes, got it. All right. Tried to get your attention with tricks, but you just want to hear me sing, I respect that.
Nope! Cant end like this. Slept in my car last night, quit my job, burned all my bridges. I went to the bathroom on my bosss car. And I did unspeakable things with Carla Fern.
Thatsthats whatyeah. Okay, all right, well, heres the song. [singing] Far above Cayugas waters, with her waves so blue, stands our noble alma mater
Are you insane? Its the Cornell fight song.
You didnt let me finish. Thats not fair.
Wow, you guys are really mean. I guess thats the show. Let me try a different song, okay?
[singing] Hey, hobo man, hey, dapper Dan, you both got your style, but, brother, youre never fully dressed without a smile. [falters at the judges reactions] Yeah. Your clothes may be beau brummelly
Oh I can so just sit here and cry!
One more for the doc. [the office staff cheers]
Oh. Eh, whatever. No big deal.
Yeah, sure, Ill talk about it. Why not? Americans next A Cappella Sensation aired my audition. And when I started sobbing uncontrollably, apparently that struck a chord with quite a lot of people. Not a very compassionate chord. The clip went viral, as they say
Oh, I can so just sit here and cry!
Two million hits in the first week and then the parodies started. One from the Philippines got 12 million hits. And the late night comedy guys had a field day with it.
After my clip blew up, I actually got a call from the double rainbow guy and the fat Star Wars kid. Turns out they have a support group. [pause] Not really my scene.
Hey-OH!
Yeah.
Thank you. Yeah,
Hey! Aw! A bear hug from my favorite mama grizzly.
A little warm.
[struggling] Okay. Aw. Thank you Phyllis.
Hey!
Didnt I just see you at the airport jumping in a limo?
Hmm.
No I didnt change the number. All good though. Phone never rings.
Surprise!
Hey! Pam!
Mm-hmm.
Aw!
Jim, its fine. Hell just get you on his cell phone and then thatll go viral.
Yeah, I guess. But things are going well actually. I spoke at Cornell during commencement week. I mean, the seniors invited me as a joke but it was a huge success.
Thats how I got my new job in the admissions office.
No. Its a job. Things are going great.
Yes.
Im sorry guys. This is probably on me. I got hated on pretty hard when that auto-tune went viral.
Ill go talk to the manager. Maybe we should just go home. [walks down the hall]
Ree-De-De-De-Doo!
Its only 6:00. Come on, everybodys going.
[on the computer] Youre probably sitting there wondering what will be your mark. What will you be known for? It might surprise you to learn...
[on computer] You might feel sorry for me but I actually feel sorry for you. Because youre about to leave Cornell. So say it with me: [all]: Oh, I can so just sit here and cry.
Thanks DadDarryl.
I spent so much of my time here at Dunder Mifflin thinking about my old pals, my college a cappella group. The weird thing is now, Im exactly where I wanna be. I got my dream job at Cornell and Im still just thinking about my old pals. Only now theyre the ones I made here. I wish there was a way to know youre in the good old days before youve actually left them. [pause] Someone should write a song about that.
