You know Dan Gore from Buffalo.
Not much, they're uh, I guess running late upstairs, so we're just waiting for the presentations.
What about you, Craig, you lose anyone?
Did you?
She is our boss.
You hooked up with Jan?
Yeah, let's change the subject.
Nice to meet you.
So with the twelve new local accounts, we had a total of four percent organic growth, which was just above our pre-year targets.
Thank you.
So, end of day we are going to have a little diversity policy refresher, because of some more problems at the Scranton branch.  And I have a list of business startups I got from the chamber.  Yes, I am going to need someone to cold call them.
Hey, Michael.
Pretty good.
Listen, Michael, I heard you were a great salesman.
And I just want to let you know that if our branch absorbs your branch, I'm going to look for a place for you at Stamford.
Yes.
Okay.
We should probably head on down and hook up with Jan.
A shot of MIDORI, perhaps.
Um, we should...
All right, Jan just emailed me. She wants us to meet her up front.
All right.
Yeah, stop by later.
Jim got us a great lead with a new rep from National Envelope. We can grab lunch with them tomorrow.
Well, Jim and I have a meeting with Uni-ball in about forty-five minutes, so we should probably go now.
I don't think so.
Fine! All right.
Or what?  We didn't bet anything, Michael.
Yeah, we should go.
We gotta go.
Uh... we'll do it later.
They're exclusive with Staples.
Yes, I'm aware of Jan and Michael's... history. Um, I don't really like to talk about it 'cause it's unprofessional. Kind of gross.
What? Uh, no. [to Jim] Uh, I want you to make sure you call Karen and get her to fax that vendor list over.
Um... When I was in the Coast Guard, a couple of us broke into the women's barracks and we got arrested for trespassing.
[stunned]
Can we do it over breakfast? It'll be...
Thanks, but maybe another time.
[sounding upset] Andy, Jim, can I see you in the conference room for a minute?
Yes now.
This is not working, ok?  We are getting slaughtered out there.
We just need a strategy, ok?  We're going to set up a trap in the gun room.  All right Jim, are you using the MP-40 or the 44?
SNIPE--
JIM!
You don't snipe in Carrington, ok?
Andy, it's not---
What's going on with Fairfield County schools?  Karen, did you generate that price list?
Okay, just get it done.  Jim, will you make sure?
Thank you, everyone.
All right. Think you guys should be all set. Oh, here's the corporate card for dinner.
And Karen? Let's keep it to twenty dollars a person this time.
Sure, what's up?
I honestly don't. I don't know.
You know what, Jim, I wouldn't worry about it.
Jan, hey.
Wow. Uh, sure. Absolutely.
Excuse me, Jan, I'm sorry... I'm gonna have to stop you there. I, um, will not be taking the job.
As of today, I have accepted a senior managment position at Staples.
[nods]
[sighs]
I'm sorry, all right? It's done, it's done.
Hey Andy!
I just want to say thanks. Good luck.
